(A company controlled through weighted voting rights and
incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


STOCK CODE : 9866




                                                             ANNUAL REPORT


                                                             2023
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION                                                                        5

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION                                                         7

Part I.                                                                             9
Item 1.     Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers                  10
Item 2.     Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable                                10
Item 3.     Key Information                                                        10
Item 4.     Information on the Company                                            120
Item 4A.    Unresolved Staff Comments                                             186
Item 5.     Operating and Financial Review and Prospects                          187
Item 6.     Directors, Senior Management and Employees                            211
Item 7.     Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions                     228
Item 8.     Financial Information                                                 232
Item 9.     The Offer and Listing                                                 234
Item 10.    Additional Information                                                235
Item 11.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk            262
Item 12.    Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities                264

Part II.                                                                          279
Item 13.    Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies                       280
Item 14.    Material Modifications to the Rights of Security                      280
            Holders and Use of Proceeds
Item 15.    Controls and Procedures                                               280
Item 16A.   Audit Committee Financial Expert                                      281
Item 16B.   Code of Ethics                                                        281
Item 16C.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                282
Item 16D.   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees            282
Item 16E.   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated           282
            Purchasers
Item 16F.   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant                          282
Item 16G.   Corporate Governance                                                  283
Item 16H.   Mine Safety Disclosure                                                283
Item 16I.   Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections   283
Item 16J.   Insider Trading Policies                                              283
Item 16K.   Cybersecurity                                                         283

Part III.                                                                         285
Item 17.    Financial Statements                                                  286
Item 18.    Financial Statements                                                  286
Item 19.    Exhibits                                                              286

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION                                                            295
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                      303
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        318
                                                      UNITED STATES
                                          SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                                        FORM 20-F


    (Mark One)
    □ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
       1934


                                                                 OR


       ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
       For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.


                                                                 OR


    □ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


                                                                 OR


    □ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
      1934


    Date of event requiring this shell company report...................


       For the transition period from            to        .


    Commission file number: 001-38638

                                                           NIO Inc.
                                     (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)


                                                              N/A
                                        (Translation of Registrant’s Name into English)


                                                         Cayman Islands
                                         (Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)


                                    Building 19, No. 1355, Caobao Road, Minhang District
                                            Shanghai, People’s Republic of China
                                           (Address of Principal Executive Offices)


                                           Wei Feng, Chief Financial Officer
                                 Building 19, No. 1355, Caobao Road, Minhang District
                                         Shanghai, People’s Republic of China
                                             Telephone: +8621-6908 2018
                                                   Email: ir@nio.com
               (Name, Telephone, Email and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

2   NIO Inc.
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


                      Title of Each Class                          Trading Symbol   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

  American depositary shares (each representing one Class                NIO                 New York Stock Exchange
         A ordinary share), par value US$0.00025 per share
  Class A ordinary shares, par value US$0.00025 per share               9866         The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Class A ordinary shares, par value US$0.00025 per share                NIO            The Singapore Exchange Securities
                                                                                                 Trading Limited

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:


                                                                 None
                                                             (Title of Class)


Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:


                                                                 None
                                                             (Title of Class)


Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the
close of the period covered by the annual report:


As of December 31, 2023, there were (i) 1,932,063,749 Class A ordinary shares outstanding, par value
US$0.00025 per share, and (ii) 148,500,000 Class C ordinary shares outstanding, par value US$0.00025 per
share.


Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act.
                                                                                                                    Yes     □ No


If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
                                                                                                                   □ Yes       No


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.
                                                                                                                    Yes     □ No


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
                                                                                                                    Yes     □ No




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023         3
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-
    accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated
    filer,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


     Large accelerated filer         Accelerated filer □      Non-accelerated filer □ Emerging growth company □

    If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate
    by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
    or revised financial accounting standards † provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. □


    † The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial
    Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.


    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s
    assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
    report.


    If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial
    statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial
    statements. □


    Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery
    analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the
    relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). □


    Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements
    included in this filing:


           U.S. GAAP           □ International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the             □ Other
                                         International Accounting Standards Board

    If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial
    statement item the registrant has elected to follow.
                                                                                                   □ Item 17 □ Item 18


    If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
    12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
                                                                                                            □ Yes     No


    (APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by
    Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities
    under a plan confirmed by a court.
                                                                                                            □ Yes □ No



4   NIO Inc.
                                                                                   INTRODUCTION

In this annual report on Form 20-F, except where the context otherwise requires and for purposes of this annual
report only:


•   “ADAS” refers to advanced driver assistance system;


•   “ADR” refers to the American depositary receipt that evidences the ADS;


•   “ADSs” refer to our American depositary shares, each of which represents one Class A ordinary share;


•   “AI” refers to artificial intelligence;


•   “Anhui NIO AT” refers to Anhui NIO AI Technology Co., Ltd., one of the VIEs;


•   “Anhui NIO DT” refers to Anhui NIO Data Technology Co., Ltd., one of the VIEs;


•   “Beijing NIO” refers to Beijing NIO Network Technology Co., Ltd., one of the VIEs;


•   “China” or the “PRC” refers to the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purpose of this annual report
    only, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan;


•   “Class A ordinary shares” refer to our Class A ordinary shares, par value US$0.00025 per share;


•   “Class B ordinary shares” refer to the Class B ordinary shares that we historically authorized and issued,
    par value US$0.00025 per share. All the authorized Class B ordinary shares were redesignated as Class A
    ordinary shares at the annual general meeting held on August 25, 2022;


•   “Class C ordinary shares” refer to our Class C ordinary shares, par value US$0.00025 per share;


•   “EV” refers to electric passenger vehicle;


•   “Hong Kong” or “HK” refers to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of
    China;


•   “Hong Kong Listing Rules” refer to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
    Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time;


•   “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” refers to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


•   “ICE” refers to internal combustion engine;


•   “Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange” refers to the stock market (excluding the option market)
    operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the
    Growth Enterprise Market of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023      5
    INTRODUCTION


    •   “Main Board of the Singapore Exchange” refers to the stock market operated by The Singapore Exchange
        Securities Trading Limited;


    •   “NEVs” refer to new energy passenger vehicles;


    •   “NIO,” “we,” “us,” “our company,” and “our” refer to NIO Inc., our Cayman Islands holding company and its
        subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing our operations and consolidated financial information, include
        the VIEs, namely Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO DT, and their respective subsidiaries, where
        applicable;


    •   “Ordinary shares” refer to our Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares, each of par value
        US$0.00025 per share;


    •   “Relevant Period” refers to the period commencing from the date on which any of our shares first become
        secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to and including the date immediately before the day on
        which the secondary listing is withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As of the date of this annual
        report, we are in the Relevant Period;


    •   “RMB” or “Renminbi” refers to the legal currency of China;


    •   “Singapore Exchange” refers to The Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited; and


    •   “US$,” “dollars” or “U.S. dollars” refer to the legal currency of the United States.


    Unless otherwise noted, all translations from Renminbi to U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars to Renminbi in
    this annual report are made at a rate of RMB7.0999 to US$1.00, the exchange rate in effect as of December 29,
    2023 as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. We
    make no representation that any Renminbi or U.S. dollar amounts could have been, or could be, converted into
    U.S. dollars or Renminbi, as the case may be, at any particular rate, or at all. Unless otherwise specified, the
    description of our vehicles, services and business models in this report refers to our business in China.




6   NIO Inc.
                                  FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

This annual report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and views of
future events. These forward-looking statements are made under the “safe-harbor” provisions of the U.S.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including those listed under “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors,” that may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements.


You can identify these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “likely to,” “potential,” “continue” or other similar
expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and
projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results
of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements about our goals and growth strategies, our future business development, financial
condition and results of operations, our expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of our
products and services, and assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing.


Although we believe that our expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable,
our expectations may later be found to be incorrect. Our actual results could be materially different from our
expectations. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from
time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties, nor can we
assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023      7
    FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION


    This annual report contains certain data and information that we obtained from various government and private
    publications. Statistical data in these publications also include projections based on a number of assumptions.
    The electric vehicles industry may not grow at the rate projected by market data, or at all. Failure of this market
    to grow at the projected rate may have a material adverse effect on our business and the market price of our
    ADSs or Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the rapidly evolving nature of the electric vehicles industry results
    in significant uncertainties for any projections or estimates relating to the growth prospects or future condition
    of our market. Furthermore, if any one or more of the assumptions underlying the market data are later found to
    be incorrect, actual results may differ from the projections based on these assumptions. You should not place
    undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.


    The forward-looking statements made in this annual report relate only to events or information as of the date on
    which the statements are made in this annual report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
    update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
    or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
    events. You should read this annual report and the documents that we refer to in this annual report and
    exhibits to this annual report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be
    materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary
    statements.




8   NIO Inc.
Part I
                  PART I




         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   9
     PART I

     ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS
                Not applicable.


     ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE
                Not applicable.


     ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION
                Our Holding Company Structure and Contractual Arrangements with the VIEs

                NIO Inc. is not an operating company in China but a Cayman Islands holding company with no
                equity ownership in its consolidated variable interest entities, or VIEs. We conduct our operations in
                China (i) primarily through our PRC subsidiaries, and (ii) to a much lesser extent, through the VIEs,
                namely Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, and Anhui NIO DT, with each of which we maintain contractual
                arrangements, and their subsidiary. We have also established subsidiaries in the United States,
                Germany, the United Kingdom, Norway and other overseas jurisdictions to promote our services and
                businesses, entering into business contracts with offshore counterparties and holding overseas
                intellectual properties.


                PRC laws and regulations (i) restrict and impose conditions on foreign investment in value-added
                telecommunication services, including without limitation, performing internet information services
                as well as holding certain related licenses; and (ii) prohibit foreign investment in certain services
                related to autonomous driving as well as the holding of licenses by foreign entities. Additionally, in
                practice, subject to the qualifications set by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
                for foreign shareholders of the insurance brokerage companies, the China Banking and Insurance
                Regulatory Commission typically would not approve the establishment of foreign-invested insurance
                brokerage companies which perform insurance brokerage services and hold certain related licenses.
                Accordingly, we operate these businesses in China through Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, and Anhui NIO
                DT, or as referred to as the VIEs, and their subsidiary. We rely on contractual arrangements among
                our PRC subsidiaries, the VIEs and their nominee shareholders to maintain a controlling financial
                interest as the primary beneficiary of each VIE (as defined in U.S. GAAP, ASC 810). Under U.S. GAAP,
                we consolidate each VIE within our consolidated financial statements. Specifically, we operate value-
                added telecommunication services, including without limitation, performing internet information
                services, and hold certain related licenses, through Beijing NIO. We rely on the contractual
                arrangements with Anhui NIO DT and its shareholders to operate insurance brokerage services. NIO
                Insurance Broker Co., Ltd., the subsidiary of Anhui NIO DT, currently holds an insurance brokerage
                license and provides insurance brokerage services primarily related to vehicles and properties.
                We intend to obtain requisite licenses for certain supporting functions during the development of
                our assisted and intelligent driving technology through Anhui NIO AT. As of the date of this annual
                report, the business operations of the VIEs are insignificant in relation to our total revenues and net
                loss. As used in this annual report, “NIO,” “we,” “us,” “our company,” and “our” refer to NIO Inc., our
                Cayman Islands holding company and its subsidiaries, and in the context of describing our operations
                and consolidated financial information, include the VIEs and their respective subsidiaries, where
                applicable.




10   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART I


The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and the
VIEs, as of the date of this annual report:

                                                                                                       NIO Inc.
                                                                                                      (Cayman)




                       96.970%                                          100%                                                     100%                      100%                100%                    100%


             NIO AI Technology                                                                                           NIO User                NIO Power                                     NEU Battery
                                                             Nio Nextev Limited                                                                                          XPT Limited
                  Limited                                       (Hong Kong)                                         Enterprise Limited         Express Limited                                Asset Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                         (Hong Kong)
                 (Cayman)                                                                                              (Hong Kong)               (Hong Kong)                                    (Cayman)


                      100%                                   100%                    100%                        100%                                                                                  100%


                                                                                                       New Horizon                                                                           NEU Battery Asset
                                                       NIO GmbH              NIO USA, Inc.
            NIO AI Technology                                                                               B.V.                                                                          (Hong Kong) Co., Limited
                                                       (Germany)            (United States)
                 Limited                                                                               (Netherlands)                                                                           (Hong Kong)
              (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                 100%
                                                                                                                                                                                                       100%
                                                                                                        NIO Nextev
                                                                                                                                                                                            NIO Battery Assets
                      100%                                                                            Europe Holding
                                                                                                                                                                                               Europe B.V.
                                                                                                            B.V.
                                                                                                                                                                                              (Netherlands)
Offshore                                                                                               (Netherlands)


Onshore                                                                 71.705%                                    19.478%                     0.931%




                                                                                                     NIO Holding Co., Ltd.




                                             25%               100%               100%                    100%                    100%                   100%                  100%


               Anhui NIO                                                                              NIO
           Autonomous Driving                  75%                                                Technology             NIO Sales and            NIO Energy             XPT (Jiangsu)
                                                        NIO Co., Ltd.       NIO (Anhui)
               Technology                                                                           (Anhui)             Services Co., Ltd.        Investment            Investment Co.,
                                                                             Co., Ltd.
                CO., Ltd.                                                                          Co., Ltd.                                    (Hubei) Co., Ltd.             Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                         100%                  100%



                                                            Beijing NIO             Anhui NIO                                                                           XPT (Jiangsu)
           Anhui NIO AI                                                                                                                           Wuhan NIO
                                    NIO Financial            Network                  Data                                                                               Automotive
           Technology                                                                                                                           Energy Co., Ltd.
                                   Leasing Co., Ltd.      Technology Co.,         Technology Co.,                                                                        Technology
             Co., Ltd.
                                                                Ltd.                   Ltd.                                                                               Co., Ltd.

                                                                                              100%

                                                                                   NIO Insurance            100%                             100%                                                     50%
                                                                                   Broker Co., Ltd.                                                                     100%



                                                                                                XPT (Nanjing) E-                   XPT (Nanjing)                                           XTRONICS (Nanjing)
                 Equity interest                                                                                                                                Shanghai XPT              Automotive Intelligent
                                                                                              Powertrain Technology               Energy Storage
                                                                                                                                                              Technology Limited          Technologies Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Co., Ltd.                     System Co., Ltd.
                 Contractual arrangements




In April 2018, we entered into a series of contractual arrangements through one of our PRC
subsidiaries with Beijing NIO and its shareholders, which were replaced by a new set of contractual
arrangements we entered into with the same parties in April 2021. Further, in November 2022
and December 2022, we entered into a series of contractual arrangements through our respective
PRC subsidiaries with each of Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO DT, respectively, and their respective
shareholders, to conduct certain future operations in China. These contractual arrangements enable
us to:


•     receive the economic benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIEs in consideration for
      the services provided by our subsidiaries;


•     exercise effective control over the VIEs; and


•     hold an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the VIEs when and to the
      extent permitted by PRC law.


                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023                       11
     PART I


                These contractual agreements include an exclusive business cooperation agreement, exclusive
                option agreement, equity pledge agreement, loan agreement and power of attorney. For more details
                of these contractual arrangements, see “Item 4. Information on the Company – C. Organizational
                Structure – Contractual Agreements with the VIEs and Their Shareholders.”


                Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, and Anhui NIO DT and its subsidiary, taking into account all of their
                respective business with or without foreign investment restrictions and prohibitions under PRC laws,
                contributed insignificantly to our total revenues, accounting for nil, nil and RMB13.8 million (US$2.0
                million) for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The VIEs provided
                services internally to our subsidiaries, and such services amounted to RMB0.6 million, RMB89.2
                million and RMB110.5 million (US$15.6 million) for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and
                2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, none of Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT and
                Anhui NIO DT had significant operations or any material assets or liabilities.


                Holdings of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares are not holding equity interests in the VIEs in China
                but instead are holding equity interests in a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
                We do not have any equity interests in the VIEs. However, as a result of contractual arrangements,
                we have a controlling financial interest over and are considered the primary beneficiary of each
                of the VIEs, and we have consolidated the financial results, pursuant to U.S. GAAP, each of these
                entities in our consolidated financial statements. However, the contractual arrangements may
                not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the VIEs and we may incur
                substantial costs to enforce the terms of the arrangements. If the VIEs or the nominee shareholders
                fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we could be limited
                in our ability to enforce the contractual arrangements that give us effective control over the VIEs.
                Furthermore, if we are unable to maintain effective control, we would not be able to continue to
                consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in our financial statements. See “Item 3. Key Information
                – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure – We rely on contractual arrangements
                with the VIEs and their shareholders to hold a controlling financial interest over each VIE, which may
                not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control” and “Item 3. Key Information
                – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure – The shareholders of the VIEs have
                conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial
                condition.”




12   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


There are also substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current
and future PRC laws, regulations and rules regarding the status of the rights of our Cayman Islands
holding company with respect to its contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their nominee
shareholders. It is uncertain whether any new PRC laws or regulations relating to contractual
arrangements will be adopted or if adopted, what they would provide. If we or any of the VIEs is found
to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any
of the required permits or approvals, the PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion
to take action in dealing with such violations or failures. Our Cayman Islands holding company, our
PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs, and investors of our company face uncertainty about potential future
actions by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements
with the VIEs and, consequently, significantly affect the financial performance of the VIEs and our
company as a whole. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate
Structure – If the PRC government deems that our VIE arrangements do not comply with PRC laws,
or if these PRC laws change, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our
interests in those operations.”


PRC government’s significant authority in regulating our operations and its oversight and control
over offerings conducted overseas by, and foreign investment in, China-based issuers could
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors.
Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause the value of such securities
to significantly decline or become worthless. For more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk
Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – The PRC government’s significant oversight over
our business operation could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of
our ADSs.”


Risks and uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of laws and quickly evolving
rules and regulations in China, could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the
value of our ADSs. For more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related
to Doing Business in China – Uncertainties in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and
regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and us.”




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      13
     PART I


                Permissions Required from the PRC Authorities for Our Operations

                Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. As of the date of this annual
                report, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs have obtained the requisite licenses and permits from
                the PRC government authorities that are material for the main business operations of our holding
                company, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs in China, including, among others, a license for
                conducting internet content provision services, or the ICP license, and the insurance brokerage
                license. In addition, we have completed the filing process for our electric passenger vehicle
                investment project with the authorities in Anhui province and have been included in the Ministry of
                Industry and Information Technology’s catalogue of approved manufacturers. Given the uncertainties
                of interpretation and implementation of laws and regulations and the enforcement practice by
                government authorities, we may be required to obtain additional licenses, permits, filings or approvals
                for our business operations in the future. For more detailed information, see “Item 3. Key Information
                – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – We may be adversely affected by the
                complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations on internet-related business, automotive
                businesses and other business carried out by our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs.”


                Meanwhile, the PRC government has sought to exert more oversight and control over capital raising
                activities of listed companies that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-
                based issuers. In December 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC, together
                with other authorities, jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect
                on February 15, 2022 and replaces its predecessor regulation. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity
                Review Measures, critical information infrastructure operators that procure internet products and
                services and network platform operators that conduct data process activities must be subject to the
                cybersecurity review if their activities affect or may affect national security. On February 17, 2023,
                China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, released several regulations regarding the
                filing requirements for overseas offerings and listings by domestic companies, including the Trial
                Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five
                supporting guidelines, which were formally implemented on March 31, 2023. According to these rules,
                domestic enterprises like us that have completed overseas listings are not required to file with CSRC
                immediately, but shall carry out filing procedures as required if we conduct refinancing or fall within
                other circumstances that require filing with the CSRC. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining
                such approval or completing such procedures could subject us to restrictions and penalties imposed
                by the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines and penalties
                on our operations in China, delays of or restrictions on the repatriation of the proceeds from our
                offshore offerings into China, or other actions that could materially and adversely affect our business,
                financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as the trading price of our ADSs. For
                more detailed information, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing
                Business in China – The approval of or the filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities
                may be required in connection with our future offshore listings and capital raising activities, and, if
                required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or filing.”




14   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act

Pursuant to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was enacted on December
18, 2020 and further amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, signed into law on
December 29, 2022, or the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by
a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspections by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the PCAOB, for two consecutive years, the SEC will
prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-
counter trading market in the United States. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to
notify the SEC of its determination that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely
registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, including our
auditor. In May 2022, the SEC conclusively listed NIO Inc. as a Commission-Identified Issuer under
the HFCAA following the filing of our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021
determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is
unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason, we
were not identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we filed our annual
report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and do not expect to be identified
as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we file this annual report on Form 20-F
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can
inspect and investigate completely audit firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, among other
jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer has full access to inspect and
investigate completely accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong and we use an accounting
firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our financial statements
filed with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of the
annual report on Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year. There can be no assurance that we would not
be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for any future fiscal year, and if we were so identified
for two consecutive years, we would become subject to the prohibition on trading under the HFCAA.
For more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business
in China – The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit
work performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections
of our auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections” and “Item
3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Our ADSs may be
prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB is unable
to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting or prohibition of trading
of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited from trading, may materially and
adversely affect the value of your investment.”




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      15
     PART I


                Cash Flows through Our Organization

                NIO Inc. is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our operations in
                China (i) primarily through our PRC subsidiaries, and (ii) to a much lesser extent, the VIEs and their
                subsidiary. As a result, although other means are available for us to obtain financing at the holding
                company level, NIO Inc.’s ability to pay dividends to the shareholders and to service any debt it may
                incur may depend upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries and service fees paid by the VIEs in
                China. If any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing
                such debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends to NIO Inc. In addition, our PRC subsidiaries are
                permitted to pay dividends to NIO Inc. only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined
                in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Further, our PRC subsidiaries
                and the VIEs are required to make appropriations to certain statutory reserve funds or may make
                appropriations to certain discretionary funds, which are not distributable as cash dividends except
                in the event of a solvent liquidation of the companies. For more details, see “Item 5. Operating and
                Financial Review and Prospects – B. Liquidity and Capital Resources – Holding Company Structure.”


                Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs are subject to certain restrictions
                with respect to paying dividends or otherwise transferring any of their net assets to us. Remittance
                of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned enterprise out of China is also subject to examination by the
                banks designated by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, or SAFE. The amounts
                restricted include the paid-up capital and the statutory reserve funds of our PRC subsidiaries and
                the net assets of the VIEs and their subsidiaries in which we have no legal ownership, totaling
                RMB38,902.1 million, RMB40,720.9 million and RMB42,256.2 million (US$5,951.7 million) as of
                December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and the net assets of the VIEs and their subsidiaries
                that are restricted was nil, RMB50.0 million and RMB54.7 million (US$7.7 million) as of December 31,
                2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. For risks relating to the fund flows of our operations in China, see
                “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – We may rely
                on distributions by our PRC subsidiaries for our financing requirements, and any limitation on our PRC
                subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our business.”


                For purposes of illustration, the following discussion reflects the hypothetical taxes that might be
                required to be paid within China, assuming that: (i) we have taxable earnings, and (ii) we determine to
                pay dividends in the future.


                                                                                                     Tax calculation(1)

                Hypothetical pre-tax earnings                                                                   100%
                Tax on earnings at statutory rate of 25%   (2)
                                                                                                                (25)%
                Net earnings available for distribution                                                           75%
                Withholding tax at standard rate of 10%    (3)
                                                                                                                (7.5)%
                Net distribution to Parent/Shareholders                                                         67.5%




16   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                        PART I


Notes:

(1) For purposes of this example, the tax calculation has been simplified. The hypothetical book pre-tax earnings amount, not
    considering timing differences, is assumed to equal taxable income in China.

(2) Certain of our subsidiaries qualifies for a 15% preferential income tax rate in China. For purposes of this hypothetical example,
    the table above reflects a maximum tax scenario under which the full statutory rate would be effective.

(3) The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a foreign invested
    enterprise to its immediate holding company outside of China. A lower withholding income tax rate of 5% is applied if the
    foreign invested enterprise’s immediate holding company is registered in Hong Kong or other jurisdictions that have a
    tax treaty arrangement with China, subject to a qualification review at the time of the distribution. For purposes of this
    hypothetical example, the table above assumes a maximum tax scenario under which the full withholding tax would be
    applied.


Under PRC law, NIO Inc. may provide funding to our PRC subsidiaries only through capital
contributions or loans, and to the VIEs only through loans, subject to satisfaction of applicable
government registration and approval requirements. NIO Inc. and its subsidiaries extended loans
to the nominee shareholders of the VIEs for their investment in the VIEs, with outstanding principal
amount of RMB0.1 million, RMB50.1 million and RMB50.1 million (US$7.1 million) as of December
31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. In addition, NIO Inc. and its subsidiaries also extended loans
to the VIEs for operations with outstanding principal amount of RMB7.0 million, RMB32.8 million and
RMB86.9 million (US$12.2 million) as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation agreements between NIO Co., Ltd., or Shanghai NIO, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of our company, and Beijing NIO, Shanghai NIO may adjust the payment time
and payment method of the service fees, and Beijing NIO will accept any such adjustment. For the
years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, no service under the contractual arrangements was
provided by Shanghai NIO and no service fee was paid by Beijing NIO to Shanghai NIO accordingly.
We intend to determine the amount of service fee and payment method based on the working capital
needs of Shanghai NIO and Beijing NIO, and settle such service fees accordingly in the future.
Pursuant to a separate service agreement, for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023,
Shanghai NIO paid Beijing NIO RMB0.6 million, RMB0.7 million and RMB0.7 million (US$0.1 million)
for services provided by Beijing NIO.


Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation agreement dated November 30, 2022 between Anhui
NIO Autonomous Driving Technology Co., Ltd., or Anhui NIO AD, a wholly-owned subsidiary of our
company, and Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO AD may adjust the payment time and payment method of the
service fees, and Anhui NIO AT will accept any such adjustment. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2023, no service under the contractual arrangements was provided by Anhui NIO AD and
no service fee was paid by Anhui NIO AT to Anhui NIO AD accordingly. We intend to determine the
amount of service fee and payment method based on the working capital needs of Anhui NIO AD and
Anhui NIO AT, and settle such service fees accordingly in the future. Pursuant to a separate service
agreement, for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, Anhui NIO AD paid Anhui NIO AT
nil, RMB70.1 million and RMB58.4 million (US$8.2 million) for services provided by Anhui NIO AT.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023           17
     PART I


                Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation agreement dated December 12, 2022 between
                NIO Holding Co., Ltd., or NIO China, a PRC subsidiary in which we hold 92.114% controlling equity
                interests, and Anhui NIO DT, NIO China may adjust the payment time and payment method of the
                service fees, and Anhui NIO DT will accept any such adjustment. For the years ended December 31,
                2022 and 2023, no service under the contractual arrangements was provided by NIO China and no
                service fee was paid by Anhui NIO DT to NIO China accordingly. We intend to determine the amount of
                service fee and payment method based on the working capital needs of NIO China and Anhui NIO DT,
                and settle such service fees accordingly in the future.


                NIO Inc. has not declared or paid any cash dividends, nor does it have any present plan to pay any
                cash dividends on our ordinary shares in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain most,
                if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to operate and expand our business. See
                “Item 8. Financial Information – A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information –
                Dividend Policy.” For Cayman Islands, PRC and United States federal income tax considerations of an
                investment in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares, see “Item 10. Additional Information – E. Taxation.”
                As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023,
                none of Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO DT had significant operations or any material assets
                or liabilities. As a result, the financial information related to the consolidated VIEs were insignificant
                to our consolidated financial statements.


                A. [Reserved]


                B. Capitalization and Indebtedness

                   Not applicable.


                C. Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds

                   Not applicable.


                D. Risk Factors




18   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS
An investment in our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares involves significant risks. Below is a summary
of material risks we face, organized under relevant headings. These risks are discussed more fully in
“Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors”.


Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Risks and uncertainties related to our business and industry include, but are not limited to, the
following:


•   The automotive market is highly competitive, and we face significant challenges in competing in
    our industry;


•   Our ability to develop and manufacture vehicles of sufficient quality and appeal to customers on
    schedule and on a large scale is still evolving;


•   We have not been profitable, and only generated positive cash flows from operations in certain
    periods;


•   We have limited experience in independent manufacturing. Any delays in the manufacturing
    and launching of our products, or ramping up of our production capacity, could have a material
    adverse effect on our business;


•   Manufacturing in collaboration with partners is subject to risks;


•   The unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives or
    governmental policies which are favorable for electric vehicles and domestically produced vehicles
    could have a material adverse effect on our business;


•   Our current or future vehicles may not perform in line with customer expectations;


•   We may face challenges providing our power solutions;


•   Our products and services may not be generally accepted by our users. If we are unable to provide
    or arrange satisfactory products or customer service for our users, our business and reputation
    may be materially and adversely affected;




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     19
     PART I


                •   We are dependent on our suppliers, many of whom are our single source suppliers for the
                    components they supply; and


                •   We rely on Battery Asset Company to provide Battery as a Service to our users. If Battery Asset
                    Company fails to achieve smooth and stable operations, our Battery as a Service may be materially
                    and adversely affected.


                Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure

                We are also subject to risks and uncertainties related to our corporate structure, including, but not
                limited to, the following:


                •   We are a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the VIEs and we conduct
                    our operations in China (i) primarily through our PRC subsidiaries, and (ii) to a much lesser extent,
                    the VIEs with which we maintain contractual arrangements, and their subsidiary. Investors in our
                    ADSs and Class A ordinary shares thus are not purchasing equity interests in the VIEs in China
                    but instead are purchasing equity interests in a Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC
                    government deems that our VIE arrangements do not comply with PRC laws, or if these PRC laws
                    change, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those
                    operations. Our holding company in the Cayman Islands, the VIEs and investors of our company
                    face uncertainty about potential future actions by the PRC government that could affect the
                    enforceability of the contractual arrangements with the VIEs and, consequently, significantly
                    affect the financial performance of the VIEs and our company as a group;


                •   We rely on contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their shareholders to hold a controlling
                    financial interest over each VIE, which may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
                    operational control;


                •   Our ability to enforce the equity pledge agreements between us and the VIEs’ shareholders may be
                    subject to limitations based on PRC laws and regulations; and


                •   The shareholders of the VIEs have conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely
                    affect our business and financial condition.




20   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


Risks Related to Doing Business in China

We face risks and uncertainties related to doing business in China in general, including, but not
limited to, the following:


•   Changes in China’s political or social conditions or government policies could have a material and
    adverse effect on our business and results of operations;


•   Risks and uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of laws and quickly evolving
    rules and regulations in China, could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the
    value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. For more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D.
    Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Uncertainties in the interpretation and
    enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and
    us”;


•   The PRC government’s significant authority in regulating our operations and its oversight and
    control over capital raising activities of listed companies conducted overseas by, and foreign
    investment in, China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to
    offer or continue to offer securities to investors. Implementation of industry-wide regulations in
    this nature may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline. For more details, see
    “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – The PRC
    government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material adverse
    change in our operations and the value of our ADSs”;


•   The approval of or the filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required
    in connection with our future offshore listings and capital raising activities, and, if required, we
    cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or filing;


•   We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations
    on internet-related business, automotive businesses and other business carried out by our PRC
    subsidiaries and the VIEs;


•   The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work
    performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of
    our auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections; and




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     21
     PART I


                •   Our ADSs may be prohibited from being traded in the United States under the HFCAA in the future
                    if the PCAOB determines that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditor located in
                    China. The delisting or prohibition of trading of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted or
                    prohibited from trading, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. For
                    more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business
                    in China – Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the
                    future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The
                    delisting or prohibition of trading of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited
                    from trading, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.”


                Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares

                In addition to the risks described above, we are subject to risks related to our ADSs and Class A
                ordinary shares:


                •   We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed
                    on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;


                •   If we change the listing venue of our securities, you may lose the shareholder protection
                    mechanisms afforded under the regulatory regimes of the applicable securities exchange;


                •   The trading prices of our listed securities have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which
                    could result in substantial losses to investors;


                •   If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they
                    adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, the
                    market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline; and


                •   Our dual-class voting structure will limit the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs to
                    influence corporate matters, provide certain shareholders of ours with substantial influence and
                    could discourage others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our
                    Class A ordinary shares and ADSs may view as beneficial.




22   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
The automotive market is highly competitive, and we face significant challenges in competing in
our industry.

The automotive market is highly competitive and we expect it will become more competitive in the
future as additional players enter into this market. We compete with both NEV and ICE vehicles
targeting the mid – to high-end segment. Many of our current and potential competitors, particularly
international competitors, have significantly greater financial, engineering, manufacturing,
marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the
design, development, manufacturing, promotion, sale and support of their products. Factors
affecting competition include, among others, pricing, technological innovation, product design
and performance, product quality and safety, service and charging options, user experience, and
manufacturing efficiency. Increased competition may lead to lower vehicle unit sales and increased
inventory, which may result in downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results and prospects.


Moreover, we expect competition in the China automotive market to intensify in the future in light of
intense price competition and phase-out of government subsidies. Increasing competition may lead
to lower vehicle unit sales and increasing inventory, which may result in downward price pressure
and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
Furthermore, our competitive advantage as the company with the first-to-market and leading EV
volume-manufactured domestically in China will be severely compromised if our competitors begin
making deliveries earlier than expected, or offer more favorable pricing than we do. We may also be
affected by the growth of the overall China automotive market. There have been fluctuations in the
retail sales of the passenger vehicles in China in recent years. If the demand for automobiles in China
decreases, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. Our ability to successfully compete in our industry will be fundamental to our future success
in existing and new markets and our market share. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to compete successfully in our markets. If our competitors introduce new vehicles or services that
successfully compete with or surpass the quality or performance of our vehicles or services at more
competitive prices, we may be unable to satisfy existing customers or attract new customers at the
price levels that would allow us to generate attractive rates of return on our investment.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     23
     PART I


                You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and challenges we face in our
                industry, including, among other things, with respect to our ability to:


                •   design and produce safe, reliable and quality vehicles on an ongoing basis;


                •   build a well-recognized and respected brand;


                •   establish and expand our customer base;


                •   successfully market our vehicles and services;


                •   competitively price our products and services, and successfully anticipate the sales volume of our
                    vehicle products and the take-rate of services provided to users;


                •   improve and maintain our operational efficiency;


                •   maintain a reliable, secure, high-performance and scalable technology infrastructure;


                •   successfully develop and protect our core technologies;


                •   attract, retain and motivate talented employees;


                •   anticipate and adapt to changing market conditions, including technological developments and
                    changes in competitive landscape; and


                •   navigate an evolving and complex regulatory environment.


                If we fail to address any or all of these risks and challenges, our business may be materially and
                adversely affected.


                Furthermore, our vehicles are highly technical products that will require maintenance and support.
                If we were to cease or cut back operations, even years from now, buyers of our vehicles from years
                earlier might encounter difficulties in maintaining their vehicles and obtaining satisfactory support.
                We also believe that our service offerings, including user confidence in our ability to provide our
                power solutions and honor our obligations under our service package, will be key factors in marketing
                our vehicles. As a result, consumers will be less likely to purchase our vehicles now if they are
                not convinced that our business will succeed or that our operations will continue for many years.
                Similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing
                business relationships with us if they are not convinced that our business will succeed.




24   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


Our ability to develop and manufacture vehicles of sufficient quality and appeal to customers on
schedule and on a large scale is still evolving.

Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to develop,
manufacture, market and sell our electric vehicles. We plan to manufacture our vehicles in higher
volumes than our present production capabilities.


Our continued development and manufacturing of our current and future vehicle models are and will
be subject to risks, including with respect to:


•   our ability to secure necessary funding;


•   the equipment we use being able to accurately manufacture the vehicle within specified design
    tolerances;


•   compliance with environmental, workplace safety and similar regulations;


•   securing necessary components on acceptable terms and in a timely manner;


•   delays in delivery of final component designs to our suppliers, or delays in the development and
    delivery of our core technologies and new vehicle models, such as our NIO Assisted and Intelligent
    Driving, or NAD, and technologies for batteries;


•   our ability to attract, recruit, hire and train skilled employees;


•   quality controls;


•   delays or disruptions in our supply chain;


•   our ability to maintain solid partnership with our suppliers; and


•   other delays in manufacturing and production capacity expansion, and cost overruns.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     25
     PART I


                Currently, our product portfolio consists of the ES8, a six-seater smart electric flagship SUV, the ES7
                (or the EL7), a mid-large five-seater smart electric SUV, the ES6 (or the EL6), a five-seater all-round
                smart electric SUV, the EC7, a five-seater smart electric flagship coupe SUV, the EC6, a five-seater
                smart electric coupe SUV, the ET9, a smart electric executive flagship, the ET7, a smart electric
                flagship sedan, the ET5, a mid-size smart electric sedan, and the ET5T, a smart electric tourer. Our
                vehicles may not meet customer expectations and our future models may not be commercially viable.
                Historically, automobile customers have expected auto companies to periodically introduce new and
                improved vehicle models. In order to meet these expectations, we may be required to introduce new
                vehicle models and enhanced versions of existing vehicle models. To date, we have limited experience
                designing, testing, manufacturing, marketing and selling our electric vehicles and therefore cannot
                assure you that we will be able to meet customer expectations.


                Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and growth
                prospects.


                We have not been profitable, and only generated positive cash flows from operations in certain
                periods.

                We have not been profitable since our inception, and only generated positive cash flows from
                operations in certain periods. We incurred net losses of RMB4,016.9 million, RMB14,437.1 million
                and RMB20,719.8 million (US$2,918.3 million) for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and
                2023, respectively. In addition, although we generated positive operating cash flows in 2021, we had
                negative operating cash flows of RMB3,866.0 million and RMB1,381.5 million (US$194.6 million) in
                2022 and 2023, respectively.


                There can be no assurance that we will not experience liquidity problems in the future. We may not
                be able to fulfill our obligations in providing vehicles, embedded products or services to our users in
                respect of advances from customers, the failure of which may negatively affect our cash flow position.
                If we fail to generate sufficient revenue from our operations, or if we fail to maintain sufficient cash
                and financing, we may not have sufficient cash flows to fund our business, operations and capital
                expenditure and our business and financial position will be adversely affected.


                We have made significant up-front investments in research and development, power network, service
                network, and sales and marketing to rapidly develop and expand our business. We expect to continue
                to invest significantly in research and development, sales and service network, and in production
                capacity expansion, to further develop and expand our business, and these investments may not
                result in an increase in revenue or positive cash flow on a timely basis, or at all. For example, we are
                working on the development of electric vehicles targeting the mass market, assisted and intelligent
                driving technologies, other core technologies, and smart devices. We cannot assure you that we
                will be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors in those new areas.
                Additionally, the electric vehicle industry is witnessing a trend where numerous market players are
                resorting to aggressive pricing strategies to carve out a larger market share. Maintaining our current
                margins could become increasingly challenging amidst this price-cutting competition. Adjusting our
                pricing may become essential to remain competitive, while this could lead to a direct contraction of
                our margin levels, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.




26   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


We may continue to record net losses and negative operating cash flows in the near future. We
may not generate sufficient revenues, or we may incur substantial losses for a number of reasons,
including lack of demand for our vehicles and services, increasing competition, challenging macro-
economic environment, as well as other risks discussed herein, and we may incur unforeseen
expenses, or encounter difficulties, complications and delays in generating revenue or achieving
profitability. If we are unable to achieve profitability, we may have to reduce the scale of our
operations, which may impact our business growth and adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, our continuous operation depends on our capability to improve
operating cash flows as well as our capacity to obtain sufficient external equity or debt financing. If
we do not succeed in doing so, we may have to limit the scale of our operations, which may limit our
business growth and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.


We have limited experience in independent manufacturing. Any delays in the manufacturing and
launching of our products, or ramping up of our production capacity, could have a material adverse
effect on our business.

Auto companies often experience delays in the design, manufacture and commercial release of new
vehicle models. We had been, and will continue to target a broader market with our future vehicles,
and to the extent we need to delay the launch of our vehicles, our growth prospects could be adversely
affected as we may fail to grow our market share. We also plan to periodically perform facelifts or
refresh existing models, which could also be subject to delays. We may introduce in the future new
or unique manufacturing processes and design features for our products. As we expand our vehicle
offerings and global footprint, there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully and timely
introduce and scale such processes or features. Furthermore, we rely on third-party suppliers for the
provision and development of many of the key components and materials used in our vehicles. To the
extent our suppliers experience any delays in providing us with or developing necessary components,
we could experience delays in delivering on our timelines.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      27
     PART I


                In addition, our manufacturing model has transitioned from joint manufacturing to independent
                manufacturing, potentially introducing new risks. Such a shift poses additional challenges due to
                our limited experience in manufacturing independently. The intricacies of overseeing all aspects of
                production independently, such as managing the entire production line and supervising production
                personnel, may lead to unforeseen obstacles in maintaining efficiency and timeliness, and,
                ultimately, delays in product launch and delivery. Therefore, we may be required to invest in more
                time and resources to assure that vehicles manufactured at our own facilities comply with our quality
                standards and regulatory requirements. We have limited experience in managing our manufacturing
                workforce, and we may also face challenges in providing training to our production personnel.
                Additionally, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract or retain qualified personnel or
                other highly skilled employees in a timely and cost-efficient manner. Any failure to effectively manage
                or provide adequate training to our manufacturing workforce and production personnel, as well as
                attract or retain qualified personnel, may result in delays in production, reduced efficiency, and
                potential quality issues.


                Furthermore, we may need to expand or convert our existing manufacturing facilities in the future
                to ramp up the production of our current and future vehicle models. The expansion or conversion of
                our manufacturing facilities could experience delays or other difficulties, potentially affecting the
                timeline for increasing production capacity. Moreover, as we increase our production capacity and
                improve our operation efficiency, significant capital may also be required to maintain our property,
                plant and equipment, and such costs may exceed our current anticipations. There is substantial
                uncertainty about our ability to achieve these objectives. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
                complete the expansion or conversion of our manufacturing bases or ramp up our production capacity
                on schedule and within budget.


                Any delay in production ramp-up of our current vehicle models, or in the development, manufacture,
                launch and production ramp-up of our future vehicle models, including in the build-out of the
                manufacturing facilities in China for these models or due to any other factors, or in refreshing or
                performing facelifts to existing models, could subject us to customer complaints and materially and
                adversely affect our reputation, demand for our vehicles, results of operations and growth prospects.




28   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Manufacturing in collaboration with partners is subject to risks.

In the past, we partnered with Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Anhui
Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd.), or JAC, a major state-owned automobile manufacturer in China, for
the joint manufacturing of our vehicles in the first advanced manufacturing base, or the F1 Plant, and
the second advanced manufacturing base, or the F2 Plant. Under our previous joint manufacturing
arrangement, we and JAC jointly manufactured a series of our vehicle models in the F1 Plant and
the F2 Plant. We were in charge of vehicle development and engineering, trademarks and technology
licensing, supply chain management, manufacturing techniques and quality management and
assurance. Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., or Jianglai, a joint venture
for operation management established by JAC and us, was responsible for parts assembly and
operation management.


We entered into definitive agreements with JAC in December 2023, pursuant to which we agreed to
acquire the manufacturing equipment and assets of the F1 Plant and the F2 Plant from JAC for a total
consideration of approximately RMB3.16 billion, excluding tax. The asset transfer was completed in
December 2023. In addition, we have completed the filing process for our electric passenger vehicle
investment project with the authorities in Anhui province and have been included in the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology’s catalogue of approved manufacturers. Our manufacturing
model has transitioned from joint manufacturing to independent manufacturing. We have commenced
independent manufacturing of all our current vehicles models in the F1 Plant and the F2 Plant. We
have also entered into a manufacturing technical services agreement with Jianglai, pursuant to
which Jianglai provides certain technical support and services to us in support of our independent
manufacturing, including logistics and planning, production quality control, and technical training
and skills enhancement for our production personnel.


We were subject to operational risks under our previous joint manufacturing arrangement. Although
we have transitioned to independent manufacturing, we expect Jianglai to provide technical support
and services to us in support of our independent manufacturing. We may have limited ability to
control the actions of Jianglai and its performance under the manufacturing technical services
agreement. In addition, to the extent JAC or Jianglai are subject to negative publicity or harm to their
reputation relating to their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation
by virtue of our association with them. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      29
     PART I


                The unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives or governmental
                policies which are favorable for electric vehicles and domestically produced vehicles could have a
                material adverse effect on our business.

                Our growth has benefited significantly from the government subsidies, economic incentives and
                government policies that support the growth of new energy vehicles. Favorable government incentives
                and subsidies in China include one-time government subsidies, exemption from vehicle purchase
                tax, exemption from license plate restrictions in certain cities, preferential utility rates for charging
                facilities and more. Changes in government subsidies, economic incentives and government policies
                to support NEVs could adversely affect the results of our operations.


                China’s central government provided subsidies for purchases of certain NEVs until 2022 and reviews
                and further adjusts the subsidy standard on an annual basis. We have seen a general decrease in the
                amount of government subsidies available to purchase of NEVs in recent years. For example, the 2020
                subsidy standard, effective from April 23, 2020, reduces the base subsidy amount in general by 10%
                for each NEV, and sets subsidies for around two million vehicles as the upper limit of annual subsidy
                scale. The 2022 subsidy standard was further reduced by 30% compared to the standard of 2021. In
                addition, the subsidy policy for the purchase of NEVs in 2022 was terminated on December 31, 2022,
                and that subsidy will no longer be granted to vehicles where car licenses are issued after December
                31, 2022. We believe that our sales performance in 2021, 2022 and 2023 was negatively affected
                by the reduction in the subsidy standard to some extent. In addition, local governments in China
                have been implementing incentives and subsidy policies for consumers, such as NEV replacement
                subsidies. If these favorable government incentives and subsidies are scaled back in the future, it
                could potentially reduce consumers’ willingness to purchase NEVs, thereby negatively impacting our
                vehicle sales.


                Our vehicle sales may also be impacted by government policies such as tariffs on imported vehicles
                and foreign investment restrictions in the industry. The tariff in China on imported passenger
                vehicles (other than those originating in the United States of America) was reduced to 15% starting
                from July 1, 2018. As a result, pricing advantage of domestically manufactured vehicles could be
                diminished. There used to be a certain limitation on foreign ownership of automakers in China, but
                for automakers of NEVs, such limit was lifted in 2018. Further, pursuant to the Special Administrative
                Measures (Negative List) for Foreign Investment Access (2021 Version), or 2021 Negative List, most
                recently jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC and the National Development
                and Reform Commission of the PRC, or the NDRC, on December 27, 2021 and took effect on January
                1, 2022, the limit on foreign ownership of automakers for ICE passenger vehicles was also lifted.
                As a result, foreign NEV competitors could build wholly-owned facilities in China without the need
                for a domestic joint venture partner. These changes could affect the competitive landscape of the
                NEV industry and reduce our pricing advantage, which may adversely affect our business, results of
                operations and financial condition.




30   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Apart from vehicle purchase subsidies, China’s central government has adopted an NEV credit
scheme that incentivizes OEMs to increase the production and sale of NEVs. On June 29, 2023, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry
of Commerce, the General Administration of Customs of the PRC, and the State Administration
for Market Regulation, jointly promulgated the Decision on Amending Measures for the Parallel
Administration of the Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits of Passenger
Vehicle Enterprises, which took effect on August 1, 2023. Under these measures, each of the
vehicle manufacturers and vehicle importers above a certain scale is required to, among other
things, maintain its new energy vehicles credits, or the NEV credits, and corporate average fuel
consumption credits, above zero, regardless of whether NEVs or ICE vehicles are manufactured or
imported by it, and NEV credits can be earned only by manufacturing or importing NEVs. Therefore,
NEV manufacturers will enjoy preferences in obtaining and calculating NEV credits. Additionally,
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will establish an NEV credits pool for passenger
vehicle enterprises to store or withdraw positive NEV credits, and decide whether to open such pool
before July 30 each year based on the average fuel consumption of passenger vehicle enterprises
across the country and the supply and demand of NEV credits. The positive NEV credits stored in the
credit pool do not have a carryover ratio requirement and are valid for five years. Furthermore, NEV
credits are equal to the aggregate actual scores of a vehicle manufacturer or a vehicle importer minus
its aggregate targeted scores. The actual scores shall be calculated by multiplying the score of each
new energy vehicle model, which depends on various metrics such as the driving range, battery energy
efficiency and the rated power of fuel cell systems, and is calculated based on formula published by
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (in the case of a battery electric vehicle, the NEV
credit of each vehicle is calculated by multiplying 0.0034 by the vehicle’s mileage, adding 0.2 to the
result, and then multiplying the total by the mileage adjustment coefficient, battery energy density
adjustment coefficient, and electricity consumption coefficient), by the respective production or
import volume, while the targeted scores shall be calculated by multiplying the annual production or
import volume of traditional ICEs of a vehicle manufacturer or importer by the NEV credit ratio set by
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. The NEV credit ratios are 14%, 16% and 18% for
the years of 2021, 2022 and 2023. Excess positive NEV credits, or the automotive regulatory credits,
are tradable and may be sold to other enterprises through a credit trading scheme established by
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology while excess positive corporate average fuel
consumption credits can only be carried forward or transferred among related parties. Negative
NEV credits can be offset by purchasing automotive regulatory credits from other manufacturers or
importers. We have earned positive NEV credits through manufacturing new energy vehicles and sold
some of our automotive regulatory credits to other vehicle manufacturers or importers. We generated
revenue from the sale of automotive regulatory credits totaled RMB516.5 million, RMB67.3 million
and RMB10.6 million (US$1.5 million) in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The credits earned are
calculated based on the formula published by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
which is dependent on various metrics such as vehicle mileage and battery energy efficiency. There
is no guarantee that we will continue to earn a similar level or amount of credits going forward.
Moreover, as the prices for automotive regulatory credits are subject to market demand, which
affects the amount of regulatory credits generated by other vehicle manufacturers during a given
period, we cannot assure you that we will continue to sell our automotive regulatory credits at the
current price or a higher price. Any changes in government policies to restrict or eliminate such
automotive regulatory credits trading could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      31
     PART I


                On June 19, 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Finance
                and the State Taxation Administration jointly promulgated the Announcement on Continuing and
                Optimizing the Vehicle Purchase Tax Reduction and Exemption Policies for New Energy Vehicles.
                Pursuant to such announcement, the NEVs purchased during the period from January 1, 2024 to
                December 31, 2025, shall be exempt from vehicle purchase tax, with the amount of tax exemption
                for each new energy passenger vehicle not exceeding RMB30,000, and the vehicle purchase tax on
                the NEVs purchased during the period from January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2027, shall be reduced
                by half, with the amount of tax reduction for each new energy passenger vehicle not exceeding
                RMB15,000.


                Such negative influence and our undermined sales performance resulted therefrom could continue.
                Furthermore, China’s central government provides certain local governments with funds and
                subsidies to support the roll-out of charging infrastructure. See “Item 4. Information on the Company
                – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Favorable Government Policies Relating to New Energy
                Vehicles in the PRC.” These policies are subject to change and beyond our control. We cannot
                assure you that any changes would be favorable to our business. Furthermore, any reduction,
                elimination, delayed payment or discriminatory application of government subsidies and economic
                incentives because of policy changes, the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to the
                perceived success of electric vehicles, fiscal tightening or other factors may result in the diminished
                competitiveness of the alternative fuel vehicle industry generally or our electric vehicles in particular.
                In addition, as we seek to increase our revenues from vehicle sales, we may also experience an
                increase in accounts receivable relating to government subsidies. However, the collection of the
                government subsidies is subject to the appropriation arrangement and cadence of the governmental
                authority. Any uncertainty or delay in collection of the government subsidies may also have an
                adverse impact on our financial condition. For more details, please refer to “10. Other Non-current
                Assets” set forth in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
                Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
                financial condition and prospects.




32   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Our current or future vehicles may not perform in line with customer expectations.

Our current or future vehicles may not perform in line with customers’ expectations. For example, our
vehicles may not have the durability or longevity of other vehicles in the market, and may not be as
easy and convenient to repair as other vehicles in the market. Any product defects or any other failure
of our vehicles to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost
revenue, delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, harm to our brand and reputation,
and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.


In addition, the range of our vehicles on a single charge declines principally as a function of usage,
time and charging patterns as well as other factors. For example, a customer’s use of his or her
electric vehicle as well as the frequency with which he or she charges the battery can result in
additional deterioration of the battery’s ability to hold a charge.


Furthermore, our vehicles may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them not to
perform as expected or that may require repair. We have delivered vehicles based on NIO Technology
2.0, or NT2.0, with certain features of the NAD, and plan to gradually turn on more features of the
NAD. We cannot assure you that the NAD will ultimately perform in line with expectations. Our
vehicles use a substantial amount of software code to operate and software products are inherently
complex and often contain defects and errors when first introduced.


While we have performed extensive internal testing on our vehicles’ software and hardware systems,
we have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate the long-term performance of our systems
and vehicles. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in the
vehicles prior to their sale to consumers. If any of our vehicles fail to perform as expected, we may
need to delay deliveries, initiate product recalls and provide servicing or updates under warranty at
our expense, which could adversely affect our brand in our target markets and could adversely affect
our business, prospects and results of operations.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      33
     PART I


                We may face challenges providing our power solutions.

                We provide our users with comprehensive power solutions. Our power solutions include home charger,
                which we refer to as Power Home; battery swapping, which we refer to as Power Swap; supercharging
                piles, which we refer to as Power Charger; destination charging piles, which we refer to as Destination
                Charger; and mobile charging, which we refer to as Power Mobile. In addition, we offer our users our
                One Click for Power valet service where we pick up, charge and then return the vehicle. For each of
                our vehicle models, we currently offer two battery options: (i) the 75 kWh battery, or the Standard
                Range Battery and (ii) the 100 kWh battery, or the Long Range Battery. We expect to deliver the 150
                kWh battery, or the Ultra-long Range Battery, with the next generation battery technology in the
                near future. We have experienced delays in delivering our power solutions in the past, and we cannot
                assure you that such delays will not occur again in the future.


                We have very limited experience in the actual provision of our power solutions to users and providing
                these services is subject to challenges, including the challenges associated with sorting out the
                logistics of rolling out our network and teams in appropriate areas, inadequate capacity or over
                capacity of our services in certain areas, security risks or risk of damage to vehicles during One Click
                for Power valet services and the potential for lack of user acceptance of our services. In addition,
                although the Chinese government has supported the roll-out of a public charging network, the
                current number of charging infrastructures is generally considered to be insufficient. We also face
                uncertainties with regard to governmental support and public infrastructure as we roll out our power
                solutions, including whether we can obtain and maintain access to sufficient charging infrastructure,
                whether we can obtain any required permits and land use rights and complete any required filings,
                and whether the government support in this area may discontinue. Furthermore, we may be subject
                to illegal activities perpetrated against us and our power solutions, which may disrupt our operations
                and damage user confidence in our vehicles and service offerings, thereby negatively affect our
                business and results of operations.


                Furthermore, given our limited experience in providing power solutions, there could be unanticipated
                challenges which may hinder our ability to provide our solutions or make the provision of our solutions
                costlier than anticipated. To the extent we are unable to meet user expectations or experience
                difficulties in providing our power solutions, our reputation and business may be materially and
                adversely affected.




34   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Our products and services may not be generally accepted by our users. If we are unable to provide
or arrange satisfactory products or customer service for our users, our business and reputation
may be materially and adversely affected.

We aim to provide users with satisfactory products and a good customer service experience, including
by providing our users with access to a full suite of services conveniently through our mobile
application and vehicle applications. In addition, we seek to engage with our users on an ongoing
basis using online and offline channels, in ways which are non-traditional for automakers. We are also
expanding our service scope to meet our users’ evolving demands. For example, in January 2021, we
launched NIO Certified, our official used car business. We have established a nationwide used vehicle
business network, covering services including vehicle inspection, evaluation, acquisition and sales.
We also partner with various used car dealers through our NIO app to assist users in completing
their used car transactions more efficiently and conveniently. In addition, we have also started to
offer auto financing arrangements to our users directly through our subsidiary, NIO Financial Leasing
Co., Ltd., in late 2020. New service offerings will subject us to unknown risks. In addition, we may
from time to time roll out new vehicle models and upgraded versions of existing vehicle models to
meet the evolving expectations and demands of our users. However, we cannot assure you that our
products and services, including new vehicle models or upgraded versions of existing vehicle models,
our service package and energy package, our power solution services, our used car service, our auto
financing services or our efforts to engage with our users using both our online and offline channels,
will be successful, which could impact our revenues as well as our customer satisfaction and
marketing.

Our servicing will partially be carried out through third parties which we certified. Although such
servicing partners may have experience in servicing other vehicles, we and such partners have very
limited experience in servicing our vehicles. Servicing electric vehicles is different from servicing ICE
vehicles and requires specialized skills, including high voltage training and servicing techniques.
There can be no assurance that our service arrangements will adequately address the service
requirements of our users to their satisfaction, or that we and our partners will have sufficient
resources to meet these service requirements in a timely manner as the volume of vehicles we deliver
increases.


In addition, if we are unable to roll out and establish a widespread service network, user satisfaction
could be adversely affected, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our sales, results of
operations and prospects.


We are dependent on our suppliers, many of whom are our single source suppliers for the
components they supply.

Each of our vehicle models uses a great amount of purchased parts from suppliers, many of whom
are currently our single source suppliers for these components, and we expect that this will be
similar for any future vehicle we may produce. The supply chain exposes us to multiple potential
sources of delivery failure or component shortages. While we obtain components from multiple
sources whenever possible, similar to other players in our industry, many of the components used
in our vehicles are components we purchased from a single source. To date, we have not qualified
alternative sources for most of the single sourced components used in our vehicles and we do not
maintain long-term agreements with some of our single source suppliers. In addition, part of our
supply chain is geographically concentrated. The lack of geographic diversification in our suppliers
could lead to increased costs and delays in production of our vehicles.

                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      35
     PART I


                Qualifying alternative suppliers or developing our own replacements for certain highly customized
                components of our vehicles, may be time-consuming and costly. Any disruption in the supply of
                components, whether or not from a single source supplier, could temporarily disrupt the production
                of our vehicles until an alternative supplier is fully qualified or is otherwise able to supply us with
                the required material. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully retain
                alternative suppliers or supplies on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, our
                collaboration with startup suppliers poses a potential risk to our operations. These suppliers may
                lack the experience and resources to effectively manage their supply chains, leading to potential
                disruptions in the delivery of goods or services to us. In addition, operational inefficiencies within
                these suppliers may lead to inconsistencies in product or service quality, thereby affecting our own
                ability to deliver high-quality products or services to our customers. Some of these suppliers may
                have limited financial resources and rely on external financing to sustain their operations. If they
                experience financial constraints or fail to sustain their operations, it could impact their ability to meet
                our requirements, potentially causing delays or disruptions in our operations.


                Changes in business conditions, force majeure and other factors beyond our control or which we do
                not presently anticipate, could also affect our suppliers’ ability to deliver components to us on a timely
                basis. For example, the global supply constraint of semiconductor chips had negatively impacted our
                production activity and volume, as a result of which, we temporarily suspended the vehicle production
                activity in the F1 Plant for five working days starting from March 29, 2021. In May 2021, our vehicle
                delivery was adversely impacted for several days due to the volatility of semiconductor supply and
                certain logistical adjustments. In April 2022, we suspended our vehicle production as a result of the
                component shortages. In July 2022, the production of our ET7 and EC6 was constrained by the short
                supply of casting parts. Although the reduced production volume and number of vehicles delivered
                as a result of supply chain volatilities have not had a material impact on our liquidity and capital
                resources, our results of operations in these periods have been negatively affected. See “Item 3. Key
                Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business and Industry – Our business, financial
                condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by natural disasters, health epidemics
                and other outbreaks.” While we have been working closely with supply chain partners and have been
                actively seeking alternative sources of supply, our production activity and results of operations may
                be impacted should the supply chain volatilities continue. In addition, even if we succeed in locating
                alternative sources of supply, cooperating with new suppliers will subject us to uncertainties with
                respect to the reliability of these suppliers and the quality of the components they provide. We
                cannot assure you that the new sources of component supply will enable us to meet the quality,
                price, design, engineering, and production standards, as well as the production volumes to satisfy
                the market demand for our vehicles. Any defects of or quality issues with these components or any
                non-compliance incidents associated with these third-party suppliers could result in quality issues
                with our vehicles and hence compromise our brand image and results of operations. Any of the
                foregoing could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and
                prospects.




36   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We rely on Battery Asset Company to provide Battery as a Service to our users. If Battery Asset
Company fails to achieve smooth and stable operations, our Battery as a Service may be materially
and adversely affected.

On August 20, 2020, we introduced the Battery as a Service, or BaaS, which allows users to purchase
electric vehicles and subscribe for the usage of batteries separately. If users opt to purchase a vehicle
and subscribe for the battery under the BaaS, they can enjoy a deduction off the original vehicle
purchase price and pay a monthly subscription fee for the battery.


For each user under the BaaS model, we sell a battery to Wuhan Weineng Battery Asset Co., Ltd., or
the Battery Asset Company, and the user subscribes for the usage of the battery from the Battery
Asset Company. The service we provide to our users under the BaaS relies, in part, on the smooth
operation of and stability and quality of service delivered by the Battery Asset Company, which we
cannot guarantee. We invested in the Battery Asset Company with CATL, Hubei Science Technology
Investment Group Co., Ltd. and a subsidiary of Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited, which
we refer to as the Initial BaaS Investors in this annual report. We and the Initial BaaS Investors
each invested RMB200 million and held 25% equity interests in the Battery Asset Company at its
establishment. In December 2020, April 2021, August 2021 and July 2022, respectively, the Battery
Asset Company entered into agreements with new and existing investors for additional financing. We
refer to the Initial BaaS Investors together with the other investors of the Battery Asset Company that
subsequently joined as the Battery Asset Company Investors. As of the date of this annual report,
we beneficially own approximately 19.4% of the equity interests in the Battery Asset Company. As
a result, we have significant influence, but not control, over the business operations of the Battery
Asset Company. If it fails in delivering smooth and stable operations, we will suffer from negative
customer reviews and even returns of products or services and our reputation may be materially and
adversely affected.


Additionally, given that we generate a portion of our total revenues from sales of battery purchases
and provision of service to the Battery Asset Company, our results of operations and financial
performance will be negatively affected if the Battery Asset Company fails to operate smoothly. The
Battery Asset Company may finance the purchase of batteries through issuance of equity and debt or
bank borrowing. If the Battery Asset Company is unable to obtain future financings from the Battery
Asset Company Investors or other third parties to meet its operational needs, it may not be able to
make payments to us for the batteries purchased from us on time, to continue purchasing batteries
from us and providing them to our users through battery subscription, or to otherwise maintain
its healthy and sustainable operations. On the other hand, if the Battery Asset Company bears a
significant rate of customer default on its payment obligations, its results of operations and financial
performance may be materially impacted, which will in turn reduce the value of our and the Battery
Asset Company Investors’ investments in the Battery Asset Company. In addition, in furtherance of
the BaaS, we agreed to provide a guarantee to the Battery Asset Company for the default in payment
of monthly subscription fees from users, while the maximum amount of guarantee that can be
claimed shall not be higher than the accumulated service fees we receive from the Battery Asset
Company. As the BaaS user base is expanding, if an increased number of default occurs, our results
of operations and financial performance will be negatively affected. As of December 31, 2023, the
guarantee liability we provided to Battery Asset Company was immaterial.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      37
     PART I


                Reservations for our vehicles are subject to cancellation.

                Reservations for our vehicles are subject to cancellation by the customer until delivery of the vehicle.
                We have experienced cancellations in the past. While we require a deposit of less than 2.0% of the
                manufacturer’s suggested retail price, such deposit becomes non-refundable after a certain period of
                time upon which the reservation will be automatically confirmed. Notwithstanding the non-refundable
                deposit, our users may still cancel their reservations for many reasons outside of our control. The
                potentially long wait from the time a reservation is made until the time the vehicle is delivered could
                also impact user decisions on whether to ultimately make a purchase, due to potential changes in
                preferences, competitive developments and other factors. If we encounter delays in the delivery
                our current or future vehicle models, we believe that a significant number of reservations may be
                cancelled. As a result, no assurance can be made that reservations will not be cancelled and will
                ultimately result in the final purchase, delivery, and sale of the vehicle. Such cancellations could
                harm our financial condition, business, prospects and operating results.


                We may be subject to risks associated with assisted and intelligent driving technologies.

                We provide an enhanced advanced driver assistance system, or ADAS, and plan to offer higher
                levels of assisted and intelligent driving functionalities, and through our research and development,
                we continually update and improve our assisted and intelligent driving technologies. Regulatory,
                safety and reliability issues, or the perception thereof, many of which are beyond our control, could
                cause the public, our users or our potential business partners to lose confidence in the assisted and
                intelligent driving solutions in general. The safety of such technology depends in part on end users of
                vehicles equipped with ADAS and higher levels of assisted and intelligent driving systems, as well as
                other drivers, pedestrians, other obstacles on the roadways or other unforeseen events. For example,
                there have been traffic accidents involving vehicles equipped with ADAS, including our NIO vehicles.
                Even though the actual causes of such traffic accidents may not be associated with the use of ADAS,
                they resulted in, and any future similar accidents could result in, significant negative publicity, and,
                in the future, could result in suspension or prohibition of vehicles equipped with ADAS and other
                assisted and intelligent driving systems, as well as regulatory investigations, recalls, systems or
                features modifications and related actions. In addition, to the extent accidents associated with our
                ADAS and other assisted and intelligent driving systems (once launched) occur, we could be subject
                to liability, government scrutiny and further regulation. For example, our research and development
                activities related to ADAS are subject to regulatory restrictions on surveying and mapping, as well as
                driverless road testing. Any further tightening of regulatory restrictions could significantly impede our
                development of assisted and intelligent driving technologies. Any of the foregoing could materially
                and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.




38   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


We may face challenges in expanding our business and operations internationally and our ability to
conduct business in international markets may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory, political
and economic risks.

We face challenges and risks associated with expanding our business and operations globally
into new geographic markets. For example, following our entry into the Norwegian market in 2021,
we announced our provision of products and services for Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark,
and Sweden in October 2022. New geographic markets may have competitive conditions, user
preferences, and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than
our existing markets. In certain markets, we have relatively little operating experience and may not
benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. We may also face protectionist
policies that could, among other things, hinder our ability to execute our business strategies and put
us at a competitive disadvantage relative to domestic companies. For example, in September 2023,
the European Commission announced that an investigation will be launched on whether to impose
punitive tariffs to protect European Union producers against lower-priced Chinese electric vehicle
imports it says are benefiting from state subsidies. If there are any adverse findings during or upon
the conclusion of such investigation, the European Commission may impose countervailing duties or
punitive tariffs, which may in turn negatively affect our operations and expansions in Europe. Local
companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding
of, and focus on, the local users, as well as their more established local brand names, requiring us
to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in advertising and promotional
activity. International expansion may also require significant capital investment, which could strain
our resources and adversely impact current performance, while adding complexity to our current
operations. We are subject to PRC law in addition to the laws of the foreign countries in which we
operate. If any of our overseas operations, or our associates or agents, violate such laws, we could
become subject to sanctions or other penalties, which could negatively affect our reputation,
business and operating results.


In addition, we may face operational issues that could have a material adverse effect on our
reputation, business and results of operations, if we fail to address certain factors including, but not
limited to, the following:


•   lack of acceptance of our products and services, and challenges of localizing our offerings to
    appeal to local tastes;


•   conforming our products to regulatory and safety requirements and charging and other electric
    infrastructures;


•   failure to attract and retain capable personnel with international perspectives who can effectively
    manage and operate local businesses;


•   challenges in identifying appropriate local business partners and establishing and maintaining
    good working relationships with them;


•   availability, reliability and security of international payment systems and logistics infrastructure;




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023     39
     PART I


                •   challenges of maintaining efficient and consolidated internal systems, including technology
                    infrastructure, and of achieving customization and integration of these systems with the other
                    parts of our technology platform;


                •   challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies and procedures to operating
                    environments different from that of China;


                •   national security policies that restrict our ability to utilize technologies that are deemed by local
                    governmental regulators to pose a threat to their national security;


                •   the need for increased resources to manage regulatory compliance across our international
                    businesses;


                •   compliance with privacy laws and data security laws and compliance costs across different legal
                    systems;


                •   heightened restrictions and barriers on the transfer of data between different jurisdictions;


                •   differing, complex and potentially adverse customs, import/export laws, tax rules and regulations
                    or other trade barriers or restrictions related compliance obligations and consequences of non-
                    compliance, and any new developments in these areas;


                •   business licensing or certification requirements of the local markets;


                •   challenges in the implementation of BaaS and other innovative business models in countries and
                    regions outside of China;


                •   exchange rate fluctuations;


                •   political instability and general economic or political conditions in particular countries or regions,
                    including territorial or trade disputes, war and terrorism; and


                •   significant capital required for entering into new geographical markets, including cost of
                    promoting our current and future brands in the new markets, building sales and services networks
                    and power infrastructures.


                Failure to manage these risks and challenges could negatively affect our ability to expand our
                business and operations overseas as well as materially and adversely affect our business, financial
                condition and results of operations.




40   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Rising international political tension, including changes in U.S. and international trade policies,
particularly with regard to China, may adversely impact our business and operating results.

The U.S. government has made statements and taken certain actions that may lead to potential
changes to U.S. and international trade policies towards China. In January 2020, the “Phase One”
agreement was signed between the United States and China on trade matters. However, it remains
unclear what additional actions, if any, will be taken by the U.S. or other governments with respect
to international trade agreements, the imposition of tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., tax
policy related to international commerce, or other trade matters. Any unfavorable government
policies on international trade, such as capital controls or tariffs, may affect the demand for our
products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from selling
products in certain countries. Moreover, many of the recent policy updates in the U.S., including
the Clean Network project initiated by the U.S. Department of State in August 2020 and the Entity
List regime maintained and regularly updated by the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security, may
have unforeseen implications for our business. In addition, in October 2022, the U.S. Commerce
Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security imposed additional export controls on certain
advanced computing semiconductor chips, integrated circuits, semiconductor manufacturing items
and related transactions. These recent export controls are, in part, intended to restrict China’s ability
to obtain advanced computing chips, develop and maintain supercomputers, and manufacture
advanced semiconductors. The implementation, interpretation and impact on our business of these
rules and other regulatory actions taken by the U.S. government is uncertain. These actions and/or
other actions that may be taken by the governments of either the U.S. or China, or both (including in
response to recent increased tensions), could hinder our ability to transfer our U.S.-origin software
to China, source U.S.-origin software and components or otherwise access U.S. technology, which
could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If
any new tariffs, legislation and/or regulations are implemented, or if existing trade agreements are
renegotiated or, in particular, if the U.S. government takes retaliatory trade actions due to the recent
U.S.-China trade tension, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      41
     PART I


                Additionally, the United States and various foreign governments have imposed controls, export
                license requirements and restrictions on the import or export of technologies and products (or voiced
                the intention to do so), especially related to semiconductor chips, AI and other high-tech areas, which
                may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover,
                political tensions between the United States and China have escalated due to various incidents
                relating to trade dispute, tensions in the Taiwan Strait, U.S. sanctions on certain Chinese government
                officials and Chinese companies, and various restrictions relating to the Chinese semiconductor
                industry. On August 9, 2023, the Biden administration of the United States released an executive
                order directing the Department of Treasury to create an outbound foreign direct investment review
                program that will require reporting on or (in more narrow circumstances) will prohibit investments
                by U.S. persons involving “covered national security technologies and products,” which is defined to
                include “sensitive technologies and products in the semiconductors and microelectronics, quantum
                information technologies, and AI sectors that are critical for the military, intelligence, surveillance,
                or cyber-enabled capabilities” of China. The Department of Treasury issued an advance notice of
                proposed rulemaking, which provided a conceptual framework for outbound investment controls
                focused on China. As of the date of this annual report, the final rules implementing the administrative
                order have not taken effect yet, and the scope of the outbound foreign direct investment review
                program may be materially different from what is currently contemplated by the advance notice. In
                response, China has implemented, and may further implement, measures in response to the changing
                trade policies, treaties, tariffs and sanctions and restrictions against Chinese companies initiated
                by the U.S. Moreover, our deployment of advanced core technologies in ADAS, whether developed
                internally or acquired from third parties, may exposes us to risks associated with sanctions imposed
                by the U.S. government.


                We may also face protectionist policies that could, among other things, hinder our ability to execute
                our business strategies and put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to domestic companies.
                For example, in September 2023, the European Commission announced that an investigation will be
                launched on whether to impose punitive tariffs to protect European Union producers against lower-
                priced Chinese electric vehicle imports it says are benefiting from state subsidies. If there are any
                adverse findings during or upon the conclusion of such investigation, the European Commission may
                impose countervailing duties or punitive tariffs, which may in turn negatively affect our operations
                and expansions in Europe.


                Rising political tensions could reduce levels of trades, investments, technological exchanges, and
                other economic activities between the two major economies, which would have a material adverse
                effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. Any of these factors
                could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of
                operations.




42   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We face challenges in developing and operating our subscription business and leasing, and our
vehicles used for subscription may be stolen or destroyed, or our car leasing partners may run into
operational difficulties, which could negatively impact our business.

We began to offer subscription offerings in Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark and Sweden starting
from October 2022, which requires significant capital. We may incur losses or otherwise fail to
introduce the service successfully. For example, we may incur insufficient utilization rate of our fleets
under the subscription offering and therefore only generate lower-than-expected revenue. We also
face risks in connection with the expansion of our customer base in Europe through our subscription
offering. For example, customers of our vehicle subscription may have a higher-than-expected rate
of default due to macroeconomic factors or if we fail to correctly assess their creditworthiness, which
would result in increased costs incurred by our company.


In addition, we cooperate with partners in European market who engage in car leasing business. We
sell vehicles to the car leasing partners who will then lease the cars purchased from us to the end
customers. As such customers would use NIO vehicles and enjoy certain NIO services, such as using
NIO app and entering into NIO House, if our car leasing partners run into any operational difficulties,
our users’ experience may be negatively affected, our brand name could be compromised.


Furthermore, given that our vehicles are typically stored in unroofed parking lots under the vehicle
subscription offering, force majeure events such as flooding, fires or hail may affect a large number
of our vehicles. This type of parking lot also has an increased risk of theft or vandalism. Such events
may cause us to incur large, uninsured damages, deprive us of a significant portion of our inventory
and reduce customer satisfaction if we cannot deliver subscribed vehicles. In addition, vehicles
provided to customers under our vehicle subscription service may be stolen, damaged or destroyed
before being returned to us. While we carry insurance for our vehicles, the insurance coverage may
not be sufficient.


With the expansion of the subscription business and leasing programs into international markets
in the future, any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects.


We are subject to the risk of a decrease in the residual value of used vehicles under our
subscription offering.

As the economic owner of the vehicles under the subscription offering, we are exposed to the risk that
the market value of our existing vehicles could decrease after new vehicle models are released, which
will reduce our asset value. We are also exposed to the risk that the market value of the vehicles
returned at the end of the subscription term may be lower than the calculated residual value at the
time the subscription contract was entered into, which may in turn increases the likelihood that the
future subscription price for the returned vehicle turns out to be lower than expected. A decline in
the value of used vehicles can be caused by a broad range of external factors affecting the vehicle
market, including adverse changes in customer confidence and preferences, economic conditions,
government policies, exchange rates, marketing programs, price pressure in the new vehicle, the
actual or perceived safety or reliability of vehicles, the price of raw materials regained from recycling
or scrapping, or technological developments.



                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      43
     PART I


                Uncertainties may also exist regarding the internal methods for calculating residual values. Although
                we continually employ residual value models and monitor used vehicle prices, demand and supply
                trends and other factors to forecast residual values, the assumptions on which residual value
                assessments are based may prove to be incorrect. In addition, in the case that actual residual values,
                due to changes in market or regulatory conditions, turn out to be lower than the amounts calculated
                for our subscription pricing, provisions for residual value risk may be insufficient. Similarly, if the
                market value of the used cars decreases, we may have to record write-downs beyond its existing
                reserves for used vehicle inventory risk. Finally, a significant decrease in the value of used vehicles
                may create pricing pressure for our new car business if customers are not willing to pay significantly
                higher prices in monthly subscription payments as a consequence of decreased residual values.


                As a result of the above factors, with the expansion of the subscription business in the future, if the
                market value of the used vehicles under our subscription service is significantly below our estimate, it
                may have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, results of operations, financial condition
                and prospects.


                Our industry is rapidly evolving and may be subject to unforeseen changes. Developments in
                alternative technologies may materially and adversely affect the demand for our electric vehicles.

                We operate in the electric vehicle market, which is rapidly evolving and may not develop as we
                anticipate. We face unanticipated risks such as an increase in lithium prices, which may reduce
                the demand of battery electric vehicle and negatively impact on our business. Also, the regulatory
                framework governing the industry is currently uncertain and may remain uncertain for the foreseeable
                future. As our industry and our business develop, we may need to modify our business model or
                change our services and solutions. These changes may not achieve expected results, which could
                have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and prospects.


                Furthermore, we may be unable to keep up with changes in electric vehicle technology and, as a
                result, our competitiveness may suffer. Our research and development efforts may not be sufficient
                to adapt to changes in electric vehicle technology. As technologies change, we plan to upgrade or
                adapt our vehicles and introduce new models in order to provide vehicles with the latest technology,
                in particular digital technologies, which could involve substantial costs and lower our return on
                investment for existing vehicles. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively
                with alternative vehicles or source and integrate the latest technology into our vehicles, against the
                backdrop of our rapidly evolving industry. Even if we are able to keep pace with changes in technology
                and develop new models, our prior models could become obsolete more quickly than expected,
                potentially reducing our return on investment.


                Developments in alternative technologies, such as advanced diesel, ethanol, fuel cells or compressed
                natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine, may materially
                and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. For example,
                fuel which is abundant and relatively inexpensive in China, such as compressed natural gas, may
                emerge as consumers’ preferred alternative to petroleum based propulsion. Any of our failure to
                successfully react to changes in existing technologies could materially harm our competitive position
                and growth prospects.




44   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


We may be unable to adequately control the costs associated with our operations.

We have required significant capital to develop and grow our business, including entering into more
markets, developing our products as well as building our brands. We expect to incur significant costs
which will impact our profitability, including research and development expenses as we roll out new
models and improve existing models, raw material procurement costs and selling and distribution
expenses as we build our brand and market our vehicles. In addition, we may incur significant costs
in connection with our services, including providing power solutions and honoring our commitments
under our service package. Our ability to become profitable in the future will not only depend on our
ability to successfully market our vehicles and other products and services but also to control our
costs. If we are unable to cost efficiently design, manufacture, market, sell and distribute and service
our vehicles and services, our margins, profitability and prospects will be materially and adversely
affected.


We could experience cost increases or disruptions in supply of raw materials or other components
used in our vehicles.

We incur significant costs related to procuring raw materials required to manufacture and assemble
our vehicles. We use various raw materials in our vehicles including aluminum, steel, carbon fiber,
non-ferrous metals such as copper, lithium, nickel as well as cobalt. The prices for these raw
materials fluctuate depending on factors beyond our control, including market conditions and global
demand for these materials, and could adversely affect our business and operating results. Our
business also depends on the continued supply of batteries for our vehicles. Battery manufacturers
may refuse to supply electric vehicle manufacturers to the extent they determine that the vehicles
are not sufficiently safe. We are exposed to multiple risks relating to availability and pricing of quality
lithium-ion battery cells. These risks include:


•   the inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery
    manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of lithium-ion cells required to support the growth of
    the electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases;


•   disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by the battery manufacturers; and


•   an increase in the cost of raw materials, such as lithium, nickel and cobalt, used in lithium-ion
    cells.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      45
     PART I


                In the long term, we intend to supplement cells from our suppliers with cells that we manufactured,
                which are customized to meet our specific requirements. However, our efforts to develop and
                manufacture such battery cells have required, and may continue to require, significant investments,
                and there can be no assurance that we will always be able to achieve these targets in the timeframes
                that we have planned or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail our planned vehicle
                production or procure additional cells from suppliers at potentially greater costs, either of which may
                harm our business and operating results.


                Furthermore, currency fluctuations, tariffs or shortages in petroleum and other economic or political
                conditions may result in significant increases in freight charges and raw material costs. Substantial
                increases in the prices for our raw materials or components would increase our operating costs, and
                could reduce our margins. In addition, a growth in popularity of electric vehicles without a significant
                expansion in battery production capacity could result in shortages which would result in increased
                costs in raw materials to us or impact of prospects.


                Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data
                protection and information security in China and elsewhere. Any failure to comply with these laws
                and regulations could subject us to significant adverse consequences.

                We face significant challenges with respect to cybersecurity, privacy, data protection and information
                security in China and other jurisdictions that we operate in, including the collection, storage,
                transmission and sharing of confidential information. We use our vehicles’ electronic systems to
                log information about each vehicle’s use, such as charge time, battery usage, mileage and driving
                behavior, in order to aid us in vehicle diagnostics, repair and maintenance, as well as to help us
                customize and optimize the driving and riding experience. Our users may object to the use of this
                data, which may hinder our capabilities in conducting our business. We also transmit and store
                certain confidential and private information of our vehicle buyers, including certain personal
                information such as names, accounts, user IDs and passwords, and payment or transaction related
                information. Collection, transmission, possession and use of our user’s data in conducting our
                business may subject us to legislative and regulatory burdens in China and other jurisdictions that
                could require notification of any data breach, restrict our use of such information and hinder our
                ability to acquire new customers or market to existing customers.




46   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We are required by PRC law to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, availability and authenticity of
the information of our customers, which is also essential to maintaining their confidence in our
vehicles and services. We have adopted strict information security policies and deployed advanced
measures to implement the policies, including, among others, advanced encryption technologies.
However, advances in technology, an increased level of sophistication and diversity of our products
and services, an increased level of expertise of hackers, new discoveries in the field of cryptography
or others can still result in a compromise or breach of the measures that we use. If we are unable to
protect our systems, and hence the information stored in our systems, from unauthorized access,
use, disclosure, disruption, modification or destruction, such problems or security breaches could
cause a loss, give rise to our liabilities to the owners of confidential information or even subject us
to fines and penalties. If users allege that we have improperly collected, used, transmitted, released
or disclosed their personal information, we could face legal claims and reputational damage. In
addition, we may incur significant expenses to comply with privacy, consumer protection and security
standards and protocols imposed by laws, regulations, industry standards or contractual obligations,
some of which may not be compatible with our existing business practice. If third parties improperly
obtain and use the personal information of our users, we may be required to expend significant
resources to resolve these problems. In December 2022, we were made aware that certain user
information and vehicle sales information in China before August 2021 was for sale on the internet by
third parties for illegal purposes. We followed the PRC legal requirements on data leakage incident
settlement, and also issued a public statement in China related to the incident, including providing
a dedicated hotline and an email address to respond to user queries regarding the data leakage. We
have also undertaken the responsibilities for the loss that the users may incur, if any, in connection
with the data leakage. As of the date of this annual report, we were not aware of significant issues
related to the security of our electronic systems nor did we receive any claims from users.


In general, we expect that data security and data protection compliance will receive greater attention
and focus from regulators, both domestically and globally, as well as attract continued or greater
public scrutiny and attention going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject
us to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and protection. Significant
capital and other resources may be required to protect against information security breaches or to
alleviate problems caused by such breaches or to comply with our privacy policies or privacy-related
legal obligations. The resources required may increase over time as the methods used by hackers and
others engaged in online criminal activities are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving.
Any of our failure or perceived failure to prevent information security breaches or to comply with
privacy policies or privacy-related legal requirements, or any security breach that results in the
unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other customer data, could
cause our customers to lose trust in us and could expose us to legal claims. Any perception by the
public that online transactions or the privacy of user information are becoming increasingly unsafe
or vulnerable to attacks could inhibit the growth of online retail and other online services generally,
which may reduce the number of orders we receive.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     47
     PART I


                The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime with regard to data security and data protection is
                evolving and may be subject to different interpretations or significant changes. Moreover, different
                PRC regulatory bodies, including the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of
                China, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the CAC, the Ministry of Public Security,
                and the State Administration for Market Regulation have enforced a variety of laws and regulations
                regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data protection and information security with varying standards
                and applications in recent years, including, among others, the PRC National Security Law, the
                PRC Cyber Security Law, the PRC Personal Information Protection Law, the PRC Data Security
                Law, the Regulations on the Protection of the Security of Critical Information Infrastructure, the
                Cybersecurity Review Measures, the Several Provisions on Automobile Data Security Management
                (Trial Implementation), the Administration Measures on Data Security in the Field of Industry and
                Information Technology (Trial Implementation) and the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data
                Exit. See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on
                Internet Information Security and Privacy Protection.” The following are examples of certain recent
                PRC regulatory activities in this area:


                Data Security

                In July 2021, the State Council of the PRC promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the
                Security of Critical Information Infrastructure, which took effect on September 1, 2021. Pursuant
                to this regulation, critical information infrastructure means key network facilities or information
                systems of critical industries or sectors, such as public communication and information service,
                energy, transportation, water conservation, finance, public services, e-government affairs and
                national defense science, the damage, malfunction or data leakage of which may endanger national
                security, people’s livelihoods and the public interest. In December 2021, the CAC, together with other
                authorities, jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect on February
                15, 2022 and replaces its predecessor regulation. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures,
                critical information infrastructure operators that procure internet products and services and network
                platform operators that conduct data process activities must be subject to the cybersecurity review
                if their activities affect or may affect national security. The Cybersecurity Review Measures further
                stipulates that network platform operators that hold personal information of over one million users
                shall apply with the Cybersecurity Review Office for a cybersecurity review before any public offering
                at a foreign stock exchange. PRC governmental authorities may also initiate cybersecurity review if
                they determine certain network products, services, or data processing activities affect or may affect
                national security. As of the date of this annual report, no detailed rules or implementation rules
                have been issued by any authority and we have not been informed that we are a critical information
                infrastructure operator by any government authorities. Furthermore, the scope of “network products
                or services or data processing activities that will or may affect national security” and the scope
                of operators of “critical information infrastructure” remains unclear, and the PRC government
                authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of the applicable laws.




48   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


In November 2021, the CAC released the Administration Regulations on Cyber Data Security (Draft
for Comments). These regulations provide that data processors refer to individuals or organizations
that, during their data processing activities such as data collection, storage, utilization, transmission,
publication and deletion, have autonomy over the purpose and the manner of data processing. In
accordance with these regulations, data processors shall apply for a cybersecurity review for certain
activities, including, among other things, (i) the listing abroad of data processors that process the
personal information of more than one million users and (ii) any data processing activity that affects
or may affect national security. However, there have been no clarifications from the authorities
as of the date of this annual report as to the standards for determining whether an activity is
one that “affects or may affect national security.” In addition, these regulations require that data
processors that process “important data” or are listed overseas must conduct an annual data
security assessment by itself or commission a data security service provider to do so, and submit
the assessment report of the preceding year to the municipal cybersecurity department by the end
of January each year. As of the date of this annual report, there is no definitive timetable as to when
these regulations will be enacted.


In 2021, the PRC government initiated cybersecurity reviews against a number of mobile applications
operated by several US-listed Chinese companies and prohibited applications from registering new
users during the review period. We expect that cybersecurity and data protection issues will receive
greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public going forward, which
could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges associated
with data security and protection, as well as negative publicity. If the Cybersecurity Review
Measures and the enacted version of the Administration Regulations on Cyber Data Security (Draft
for Comments) mandate clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be taken
by overseas listed companies like us, we face uncertainties as to whether we can complete these
additional procedures timely, or at all, which may subject us to government enforcement actions and
investigations, fines, penalties, revocation of the required licenses, suspension of our non-compliant
operations, or removal of our mobile application from the application stores, and materially and
adversely affect our business and results of operations. As of the date of this annual report, we have
not been involved in any formal investigations on cybersecurity review made by the CAC on such
basis.


Personal Information and Privacy

On August 16, 2021, the CAC, the NDRC, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology and the Ministry of Transport jointly promulgated the Several Provisions on
Automobile Data Security Management (Trial Implementation), which impose a series of additional
personal information and data security protection obligations on automobile data processors like
us, including, among other things, (i) in-car processing of automobile data in principle, (ii) enhanced
notification and consent requirements, (iii) enhanced individual control over their automobile
personal information, and (iv) submitting annual report for processing automobile important data. We
may be required to make further adjustments to our business practices to comply with the personal
information and data protection laws and regulations.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      49
     PART I


                Many of the data-related legislations are relatively new and certain concepts thereunder remain
                subject to interpretation by the regulators. In general, compliance with the existing PRC laws and
                regulations, as well as additional laws and regulations that PRC regulatory bodies may enact in the
                future, related to data security and personal information protection, may be costly and result in
                additional expenses to us, and subject us to negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and
                business operations. There are also uncertainties with respect to how such laws and regulations will
                be implemented and interpreted in practice.


                In addition, regulatory authorities in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere around the world have adopted
                or are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. These
                legislative and regulatory proposals, if adopted, and the uncertain interpretations and application
                thereof could, in addition to the possibility of fines, result in an order requiring that we change
                our data practices and policies, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of
                operations. For example, the European Union adopted the European Union General Data Protection
                Regulation, which took effect on May 25, 2018. This regulation includes operational requirements
                for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the European Economic Area,
                and establishes new requirements applicable to the processing of personal data, affords new data
                protection rights to individuals and imposes penalties for serious data breaches. Individuals also
                have a right to compensation under this regulation for financial or non-financial losses. As we offer
                our products and services in European market, we are subject to provisions of this regulation.


                Our business depends significantly on our ability to build our brands. We may not succeed in
                continuing to establish, maintain and strengthen our brands.

                Our business and prospects are heavily dependent on our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen
                the “NIO” brand. If we do not continue to establish, maintain and strengthen our brand, we may lose
                the opportunity to build a critical mass of customers. Promoting and positioning our brand will likely
                depend significantly on our ability to provide high quality vehicles and services and engage with our
                customers as intended and we have limited experience in these areas. In addition, we expect that
                our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the NIO brand will depend heavily on the success
                of our user development and branding efforts. Such efforts mainly include building a community of
                online and offline users engaged with us through our mobile application, NIO Houses, NIO Spaces as
                well as other branding initiatives such as our annual NIO Day. Such efforts may be non-traditional
                and may not achieve the desired results. To promote our brand, we may be required to change our
                user development and branding practices, which could result in substantially increased expenses,
                including the need to use traditional media such as television, radio and print. If we do not develop
                and maintain a strong brand, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will
                be materially and adversely impacted.




50   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Additionally, we may decide to launch one or more electric vehicle brands, positioned and priced
in a manner that varies from our existing “NIO” brand and our current vehicle models. The launch
of a new brand within the electric vehicle market involves substantial risks related to market
differentiation and consumer acceptance. Establishing a clear position and price range for the new
brand in an already competitive landscape requires significant investment in branding, development
and marketing efforts. We also face the inherent uncertainty of consumer response to the new
brand, which poses a risk to achieving the desired market penetration and sales volumes. Moreover,
introducing a new brand could cause potential dilution to the brand equity of our existing “NIO” brand
and the diversion of our resources, leading to potential inefficiencies. Moreover, the vehicles under
the new brand could potentially cannibalize sales from our existing vehicles, adversely affecting our
current market position and revenue streams. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely
affect our ability to grow our business and our results of operations.


In addition, if incidents occur or are perceived to have occurred, whether or not such incidents
are our fault, we could be subject to adverse publicity. In particular, given the popularity of social
media, including WeChat/Weixin in China, any negative publicity, whether true or not, could quickly
proliferate and harm consumer perceptions and confidence in our brand. Furthermore, there is the
risk of potential adverse publicity related to our manufacturing and other partners, such as JAC
and NIO Capital, whether or not such publicity related to their collaboration with us. Our ability to
successfully position our brand could also be adversely affected by perceptions about the quality of
JAC’s vehicles. Although we have transitioned to independent manufacturing, any product quality
issues with vehicles that were historically jointly manufactured by our partners and us could
adversely harm our brand and reputation.


Furthermore, from time to time, our vehicles are evaluated and reviewed by third parties. Any negative
reviews or reviews which compare us unfavorably to competitors could adversely affect consumer
perception about our vehicles.


Our business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our executive officers, key
employees and qualified personnel, and our operations may be severely disrupted if we lose their
services.

Our success depends substantially on the continued efforts of our executive officers and key
employees. If one or more of our executive officers or key employees were unable or unwilling to
continue their services with us, we might not be able to replace them easily, in a timely manner,
or at all. As we build our brand and become more well-known, the risk that competitors or other
companies may poach our talent increases. Our industry is characterized by high demand and intense
competition for talent and therefore we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract or retain
qualified staff or other highly skilled employees. In addition, because our electric vehicles are based
on a different technology platform than traditional ICE vehicles, individuals with sufficient training
in electric vehicles may not be available to hire, and we will need to expend significant time and
expense training the employees we hire. We also require sufficient talent in areas such as software
development. Furthermore, as our company is relatively young, our ability to train and integrate
new employees into our operations may not meet the growing demands of our business, which may
materially and adversely affect our ability to grow our business and our results of operations.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     51
     PART I


                If any of our executive officers and key employees terminates his or her services with us, our business
                may be severely disrupted, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially
                and adversely affected and we may incur additional expenses to recruit, train and retain qualified
                personnel. We have not obtained any “key person” insurance on our key personnel. If any of our
                executive officers or key employees joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose
                customers, know-how and key professionals and staff members. To the extent permitted by laws,
                each of our executive officers and key employees has entered into an employment agreement and a
                non-compete agreement with us. However, if any dispute arises between our executive officers or key
                employees and us, the non-competition provisions contained in their non-compete agreements may
                not be enforceable, especially in China, where these executive officers reside, on the ground that we
                have not provided adequate compensation to them for their non-competition obligations, which is
                required under PRC laws.


                Our future growth is dependent on the demand for, and upon consumers’ willingness to adopt,
                electric vehicles.

                Demand for automobile sales depends to a large extent on economic, political and social conditions
                in a given market and the introduction of new vehicles and technologies. As our business grows,
                economic conditions and trends will impact our business, prospects and operating results as well.


                Demand for our electric vehicles may also be affected by factors directly impacting automobile prices
                or the cost of purchasing and operating automobiles, such as sales and financing incentives, prices of
                raw materials and parts and components, cost of fuel and governmental regulations, including tariffs,
                import regulation and other taxes. Volatility in demand may lead to lower vehicle unit sales, which
                may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
                condition and operating results.


                In addition, the demand for our vehicles and services will highly depend upon the adoption by
                consumers of new energy vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. The market for new
                energy vehicles is still rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving
                government regulation and industry standards and changing consumer demands and behaviors.


                Other factors that may influence the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles, and specifically electric
                vehicles, include:


                •   perceptions about electric vehicle quality, safety, design, performance and cost, especially if
                    adverse events or accidents occur that are linked to the quality or safety of electric vehicles,
                    whether or not such vehicles are produced by us or other companies;


                •   perceptions about vehicle safety in general, in particular safety issues that may be attributed to
                    the use of advanced technology;


                •   the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge and the
                    speed at which batteries can be recharged;




52   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


•   the decline of an electric vehicle’s range resulting from deterioration over time in the battery’s
    ability to hold a charge;


•   concerns about electric grid capacity and reliability;


•   the availability of new energy vehicles, including plug-in hybrid electric vehicles;


•   improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine;


•   the availability of service for electric vehicles;


•   the environmental consciousness of consumers;


•   access to charging stations, standardization of electric vehicle charging systems and consumers’
    perceptions about convenience and cost to charge an electric vehicle;


•   the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate electric vehicles
    or future regulation requiring increased use of nonpolluting vehicles;


•   perceptions about and the actual cost of alternative fuel; and


•   macroeconomic factors.


Any of the factors described above may cause current or potential customers not to purchase our
electric vehicles and use our services. If the market for electric vehicles does not develop as we
expect or develops more slowly than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and
operating results will be affected.


We depend on revenue generated from a limited number of models, and in the foreseeable future
will be significantly dependent on a limited number of models.

Our business currently depends substantially on the sales and success of a limited number of models
that we have launched, including the ES8, the ES7 (or the EL7), the ES6 (or the EL6), the EC7, the
EC6, the ET9, the ET7, the ET5 and the ET5T. Historically, automobile customers have come to expect
a variety of vehicle models offered in a company’s fleet and new and improved vehicle models to be
introduced frequently. In order to meet these expectations, we plan in the future to introduce new
vehicle models as well as enhance versions of existing vehicle models. To the extent our product
variety and cycles do not meet consumer expectations, or cannot be produced on our projected
timelines and cost and volume targets, our future sales may be adversely affected. Given that for the
foreseeable future our business will depend on a limited number of models, to the extent a particular
model is not well-received by the market, our sales volume could be materially and adversely
affected. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   53
     PART I


                We are subject to risks related to customer credit.

                We offer auto financing arrangements to users directly through our subsidiaries. Under the
                financing arrangements we typically receive a small portion of the total vehicle purchase price at the
                commencement of the financing term, followed by a stream of payments over the financing term.
                To the extent our users fail to make payments on time under any of the foregoing arrangements,
                our results of operations may be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2023, the amount of auto
                financing receivables was RMB4,906.7 million (US$691.1 million). As we continue to grow our
                business, we may increase the amount of our auto financing receivables. We may fail to effectively
                manage the credit risks related to our auto financing arrangements. To the extent our users default
                on their obligations to us or fail to make payments on time under any of the foregoing arrangements,
                our results of operations may be adversely affected.


                We may be exposed to credit risk of trade receivables.

                Our trade receivables primarily include amounts of vehicle sales in relation of government subsidy to
                be collected from government on behalf of customers, current portion of auto financing receivables,
                current portion of battery installment and others. We have identified the risk characteristics of our
                customers and the related receivables, prepayments, deposits and other receivables which include
                size, type of the services or the products we provide, or a combination of these characteristics.
                Receivables with similar risk characteristics have been grouped into pools. For each pool, we consider
                the historical credit loss, current economic conditions, supportable forecasts of future economic
                conditions, and any recoveries in assessing the lifetime expected credit losses. Other key factors that
                influence the expected credit loss analysis include customer demographics, payment terms offered
                in the normal course of business to customers, and industry-specific factors that could impact our
                receivables. Additionally, external data and macroeconomic factors are also considered. In 2023,
                we reversed RMB26.3 million (US$3.7 million) expected credit loss expense in selling, general and
                administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2023, the expected credit loss provision for the current
                and non-current assets were RMB113.7 million (US$16.0 million). We cannot assure you that all of
                our customers will not default on their obligations to us in the future, despite our efforts to conduct
                credit assessment on them.


                We face inventory risks that, if not properly managed, could harm our financial condition, operating
                results, and prospects.

                We are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as
                a result of increased competition, seasonality, new models launches, rapid changes in vehicle
                life cycles and pricing, defective vehicles, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending
                patterns, and other factors. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking
                or understocking issues. Demand for our vehicles, however, can change significantly between the
                time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. We may misjudge customer demand,
                resulting in inventory buildup and possible significant inventory write-down. It may also make it more
                difficult for us to inspect and control quality and ensure proper handling, storage and delivery. We
                may experience higher return rates on new vehicles, receive more customer complaints about them
                and face costly product liability claims as a result of selling them, which would harm our brand and
                reputation as well as our financial performance.




54   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We might not be able to fulfil our obligation in respect of deferred revenue, which might have
impact on our cash or liquidity position.

Our recognition of deferred revenue is subject to future performance obligations, mainly including the
transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially satisfied,
which mainly arises from the vehicle connectivity service, the extended warranty service, the points
offered to customers, undelivered home chargers as well as free battery swapping service with
certain limits embedded in the vehicle sales contract. We may have multiple performance obligations
identified in the vehicle sales contract and the sales of packages to transfer goods or services to
a customer for which we have received consideration, or an amount of consideration is due, from
the customer, which is recorded as deferred revenue. Due to potential future changes in customer
preferences and the need for us to satisfactorily perform product support and other services,
deferred revenue at any particular date may not be representative of actual revenue for any future
period. Any failure to fulfil the obligations in respect of deferred revenue may have an adverse impact
on our results of operations and liquidity.


Fluctuation of fair value change of short-term and long-term investments that we made may
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

The fluctuation in the fair value change of our short-term and long-term investments could adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For the years ended December
31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our short-term investments consisted primarily of investments in fixed
deposits with maturities between three months and one year, investments in money market funds
and financial products issued by banks, and our long-term investments consisted primarily of
equity investments in publicly traded companies and privately-held companies, and debt security
investments. Determining the fair value of our short-term and long-term investments involves using
certain valuation methodologies, which rely heavily on management judgment and are inherently
uncertain. Factors beyond our control, such as changes in general economic conditions, market
liquidity, asset values, and the performance of the companies we invested in, can lead to adverse
changes in the estimates we use, thereby adversely affecting the fair value of our investments. In
addition, we are exposed to credit risks in relation to our short-term and long-term investments,
which may further affect the net changes in their fair value. We cannot assure you that market
conditions will result in fair value gains on our short-term and long-term investments or we will not
incur any fair value losses on these investments in the future. If we incur such fair value losses, our
results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      55
     PART I


                We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and
                liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims.

                We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our business, prospects,
                operating results and financial condition. The automotive industry experiences significant product
                liability claims and we face inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event our vehicles do not
                perform as expected or malfunction resulting in property damage, personal injury or death. Our
                risks in this area are particularly pronounced given we have limited field experience of our vehicles.
                In addition, we may be subject to product liability claims for defective components and parts
                that are manufactured by our third-party partners. A successful product liability claim against us
                could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product liability claim could
                generate substantial negative publicity about our vehicles and business and inhibit or prevent
                commercialization of our future vehicle candidates which would have a material adverse effect on
                our brand, business, prospects and operating results. Any insurance coverage might not be sufficient
                to cover all potential product liability claims. Any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages may
                have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition.


                Our vehicles are subject to motor vehicle standards and the failure to satisfy such mandated safety
                standards would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.

                All vehicles sold must comply with various standards of the market where the vehicles were sold. In
                China, vehicles must meet or exceed all mandated safety standards. Rigorous testing and the use
                of approved materials and equipment are among the requirements for achieving such standards.
                Vehicles must pass various tests and undergo a certification process and be affixed with the China
                Compulsory Certificate mark, before receiving delivery from the factory, being sold, or being used
                in any commercial activity. In addition, the Opinion on Strengthening the Access Administration
                of Intelligent Connected Vehicles Manufacturing Enterprises and Their Products requires vehicles
                manufacturing enterprises to ensure the compliance of vehicle products with laws, regulations,
                technical standards and technical specification and file for record with the Ministry of Industry and
                Information Technology prior to over-the-air updates, and shall file with the Ministry of Industry
                and Information Technology in the event of any change to the safety, energy saving, environment
                protection, anti-theft and other technical parameters and shall ensure conformance by vehicle
                products and production. Without the approval, no over-the-air update shall be conducted to add or
                update the autonomous driving function. Any delays or lags of the over-the-air updates due to the
                Ministry of Industry and Information Technology prior filing procedures may materially and adversely
                affect our business and operating results. Furthermore, given we commenced delivery of our vehicles
                in Norway, Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark, and Sweden, we are also subject to mandated safety
                standards in these markets. If we fail to have any of our current or future vehicle models satisfy motor
                vehicle standards or any new laws and regulations in China, Norway or other markets where our
                vehicles are sold, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.




56   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We may be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other actions, which could adversely
affect our brand image and financial performance.

Recalls of our vehicles can cause adverse publicity, damage to our brand and liability for costs. For
example, in January 2023, we voluntarily recalled 997 ET5 electric vehicles manufactured between
September 7, 2022 and October 10, 2022 due to a potential safety hazard in extreme cases of a
serious frontal collision, which could be retrofitted by adding a high-strength insulating protective
cover. In the future, we may at various times, voluntarily or involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of
our vehicles, including any systems or parts sourced from our suppliers, prove to be defective or
non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations. Such recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary
or caused by systems or components that we or our suppliers engineered or manufactured, could
involve significant expense and could adversely affect our brand image in our target markets, as well
as our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.


The long-term viability of our distribution model is unproven.

Our vehicles are generally made to order. We conduct vehicle sales directly to users primarily through
our NIO Houses, NIO Spaces and mobile application rather than through dealerships. This model
of vehicle distribution subjects us to substantial risk as it requires, in the aggregate, significant
expenditures and provides for slower expansion of our distribution and sales systems than may be
possible by utilizing the traditional dealer franchise system commonly applied for the sales of ICE
vehicles and other EV companies. For example, we will not be able to utilize long established sales
channels developed through a franchise system to increase our sales volume. Moreover, we will be
competing with companies with well established distribution channels. Our success will depend
in large part on our ability to effectively develop our own sales channels and marketing strategies.
Implementing our business model is subject to numerous significant challenges, including obtaining
permits and approvals from government authorities, and we may not be successful in addressing
these challenges.


In addition, the lead time in fulfilling our orders could lead to cancelled orders. Our aim for the
fulfilling speed is 21 to 28 days from the order placement date to delivery to users. If we are unable to
achieve this target, our customer satisfaction could be adversely affected, harming our business and
reputation.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      57
     PART I


                Our financial results may vary significantly from period to period due to the seasonality of our
                business and fluctuations in our operating costs.

                Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period due to many factors, including
                seasonal factors that may have an effect on the demand for our electric vehicles. In the past few
                years, demand for new vehicles in the automotive industry were generally higher in the fourth quarter.
                Such variation may or may not continue in the future. Our limited operating history makes it difficult
                for us to judge the exact nature or extent of the seasonality of our business. Also, any unusually
                severe weather conditions in some markets may impact demand for our vehicles. Our operating
                results could also suffer if we do not achieve revenue consistent with our expectations for this
                seasonal demand because many of our expenses are based on anticipated levels of annual revenue.


                We also expect our period-to-period operating results to vary based on our operating costs which may
                increase in future periods as we, among other things, design, develop and manufacture our electric
                vehicles, build and equip new manufacturing facilities, open new NIO Houses and NIO Spaces, and
                develop charging and swapping networks.


                As a result of these factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are
                not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future
                performance. Moreover, our operating results may not meet expectations of equity research analysts
                or investors. If this occurs, the trading price of our ADSs could fall substantially either suddenly or
                over time.


                If our vehicle owners customize our vehicles or change the charging infrastructure with aftermarket
                products, the vehicle may not operate properly, which may create negative publicity and could
                harm our business.

                Automobile enthusiasts may seek to “hack” our vehicles to modify their performance which could
                compromise vehicle safety systems. Also, customers may customize their vehicles with after-
                market parts that can compromise driver safety. We do not test, nor do we endorse, such changes
                or products. In addition, the use of improper external cabling or unsafe charging outlets can expose
                our customers to injury from high voltage electricity. Such unauthorized modifications could reduce
                the safety of our vehicles and any injuries resulting from such modifications could result in adverse
                publicity which would negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial
                condition and operating results.




58   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


We are subject to risks related to the investment in NIO China.

In February 2020, we entered into a collaboration framework agreement with the municipal
government of Hefei, Anhui province, where our manufacturing hub is located. Subsequently from
April to June 2020, we entered into definitive agreements, as amended and supplemented, or the
Previous Hefei Agreements, for investments in NIO China with a group of investors, which we refer
to as the Hefei Strategic Investors in this annual report. Under the Previous Hefei Agreements, the
Hefei Strategic Investors agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB7 billion in cash into NIO Holding Co.,
Ltd. (previously known as NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd.), or NIO China, a legal entity that we wholly
owned pre-investment. We agreed to inject our core businesses and assets in China, including vehicle
research and development, supply chain, sales and services and NIO Power, collectively referred to
as the Asset Consideration, valued at RMB17.77 billion in total, into NIO China, and invest RMB4.26
billion in cash into NIO China. For more information, see “Item 4. Information on the Company – B.
Business Overview – Certain Other Cooperation Arrangements – Hefei Strategic Investors” included
elsewhere in this annual report.


On March 30, 2024, we entered into a shareholders agreement, or the 2024 Hefei Shareholders
Agreement with (i) Hefei Jianheng New Energy Automobile Investment Fund Partnership (Limited
Partnership), or Jianheng New Energy Fund, (ii) Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund
II (Limited Partnership), or Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund, (iii) Anhui Jintong
New Energy Automobile II Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), or New Energy Automobile Fund,
and (iv) Anhui Provincial Sanzhong Yichuang Industry Development Fund Co., Ltd., or Anhui Sanzhong
Yichuang. The 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement amends certain shareholders’ rights in NIO China
and supersedes the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement (as defined below).


Pursuant to the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement, NIO China granted certain minority
shareholders’ rights to the Hefei Strategic Investors, including, among others, the right of first
refusal, co-sale right, preemptive right, anti-dilution right, redemption right, liquidation preference
and conditional drag-along right. You would not enjoy these preferential rights or treatment through
investing in our ADSs and the underlying ordinary shares. Exercise of these preferential rights by the
Hefei Strategic Investors may also adversely affect your investment in our company.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      59
     PART I


                In particular, the Hefei Strategic Investors may require us to redeem the shares of NIO China they hold
                under various circumstances, at a redemption price equal to the total amount of the investment price
                of the Hefei Strategic Investors plus an investment income calculated at a compound rate of 8.5% per
                annum upon the occurrence of certain events. If any of the triggering events of redemption occurs, we
                will need substantial capital to redeem the shares of NIO China held by the Hefei Strategic Investors,
                and the value of your investment in our company will be negatively affected. In particular, if NIO China
                fails to complete the listing application or to issue the material assets restructuring plan related to
                the qualified initial public offering before December 31, 2027, or fails to complete the qualified initial
                public offering before December 31, 2028, the Hefei Strategic Investors may request us to redeem
                the equity interest in NIO China then held by them. In addition, if we pursue the initial public offering
                of NIO China, we will be subject to various requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and
                practice notes, including, among others, the requirement in the level of operations and assets of the
                remaining business in our company following the spin-off to maintain listing status, the approval
                of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and shareholder approval. As a result, the application for and the
                completion of the qualified initial public offering are subject to substantial uncertainties. If we do not
                have adequate cash available or cannot obtain additional financing, or our use of cash is restricted by
                applicable laws, regulations or agreements governing our current or future indebtedness, we may not
                be able to redeem shares of NIO China when required under the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement,
                which would constitute an event of default under the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement and subject
                us to liabilities.


                In addition, before NIO China completes its potential qualified initial public offering, without the prior
                written consent of the Hefei Strategic Investors, we may not directly or indirectly transfer, pledge or
                otherwise dispose of NIO China’s shares to a third party that may result in our shareholding in NIO
                China falling below 60%.


                Because we have injected the core businesses and assets into NIO China, the Hefei Strategic
                Investors will have senior claims over the assets of NIO China compared to NIO China’s other
                shareholders (i.e., our other subsidiaries) when a liquidation event of NIO China occurs. As a result,
                holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs will be structurally subordinated to the Hefei
                Strategic Investors, which may negatively affect the value of the investment of ADS holders and
                holders of Class A ordinary shares in our company. We may not have sufficient funding to repay our
                existing debts. We essentially control the daily operation of and substantially all of the corporate
                matters of NIO China. Notwithstanding this, the Hefei Strategic Investors have voting rights with
                respect to various significant corporate matters of NIO China and its consolidated entities, such as
                change in NIO China’s corporate structure, change of its core business and amendment to its articles
                of association, which may limit our ability to make certain major corporate decisions with regard
                to NIO China. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect your investment in our Class A
                ordinary shares and ADSs.




60   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


Our business plans require a significant amount of capital, and we may issue additional equity or
debt securities that may have an adverse effect on our shareholders or may otherwise adversely
affect our business.

We will need significant capital to, among other things, conduct research and development and
expand our production capacity as well as roll out our power, sales and service network. As we ramp
up our production capacity and operations, we may also require significant capital to maintain our
property, plant and equipment and such costs may be greater than anticipated. We expect our capital
expenditures to continue to be significant in the foreseeable future as we expand our business, and
that our level of capital expenditures will be significantly affected by user demand for our products
and services. The fact that we have a limited operating history means we have limited historical data
on the demand for our products and services. As a result, our future capital requirements may be
uncertain and actual capital requirements may be different from those we currently anticipate. We
may seek equity or debt financing to finance a portion of our capital expenditures. Such financing
might not be available to us in a timely manner or on terms that are acceptable, or at all. Our
substantial amount of currently outstanding indebtedness may also affect our ability to obtain
financing in a timely manner and on reasonable terms.


Our ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number
of factors, including general market conditions and investor acceptance of our business plan.
These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of such financing unattractive or
unavailable to us. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will have to significantly reduce our
spending of, delay or cancel some or all of our planned research, development, manufacturing and
marketing activities or substantially change our corporate structure, any of which could materially
harm our business. We might not be able to obtain any funding, and we might not have sufficient
resources to conduct our business as projected, both of which could mean that we would be forced to
curtail or discontinue our operations.


In addition, our future capital needs and other business reasons could require us to issue additional
equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. If we raise funds through the issuance of additional
equity or debt, including convertible debt or debt secured by some or all of our assets, holders of
any debt securities or preferred shares issued will have rights, preferences and privileges senior to
those of holders of our ordinary shares in the event of liquidation. The terms of the convertible notes
we issued do not restrict our ability to issue additional debt. If additional debt is issued, there is a
possibility that once all senior claims are settled, there may be no assets remaining to pay out to the
holders of ordinary shares. In addition, if we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity,
whether through private placements or public offerings, such an issuance would dilute ownership of
our current shareholders that do not participate in the issuance.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      61
     PART I


                Furthermore, the terms of any additional debt securities we may issue in the future may impose
                restrictions on our operations, which may include limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness,
                pay dividends on or repurchase our share capital, or make certain acquisitions or investments. In
                addition, we may be subject to covenants requiring us to satisfy certain financial tests and ratios, and
                our ability to satisfy such covenants may be affected by events outside of our control.


                The terms of the convertible notes we issued could delay or prevent an attempt to take over our
                company. The terms of the 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes require us to
                repurchase the respective notes in the event of a fundamental change. A takeover of our company
                would constitute a fundamental change. This could have the effect of delaying or preventing a
                takeover of our company that may otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders.


                Our warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely
                affect our financial performance.

                For the initial owner of our vehicles in China, in addition to the warranty required under the PRC
                law, including (i) a bumper-to-bumper three-year or 120,000-kilometer warranty, (ii) for critical EV
                components (battery, electric motors, power electric unit and vehicle control unit) an eight-year or
                120,000-kilometer warranty, and (iii) a two-year or 50,000 kilometer warranty covering vehicle repair,
                replacement and refund, we also provide an extended warranty, subject to certain conditions. For
                the owners of our vehicles in Europe, in addition to the warranty required under the applicable laws
                and regulations, we also provide an extended warranty subject to certain conditions. Our warranty
                program is similar to other auto company’s warranty programs intended to cover all parts and labor
                to repair defects in material or workmanship in the body, chassis, interior, electric system, battery,
                electric powertrain and other related vehicle parts. We plan to record and adjust warranty reserves
                based on changes in estimated costs and actual warranty costs.


                However, because we only started making delivery of our first volume-manufactured vehicle model
                ES8 in June 2018, we have little experience with warranty claims regarding our vehicles or with
                estimating warranty reserves. As of December 31, 2023, we had warranty reserves in respect of
                our vehicles of RMB3,912.2 million (US$551.0 million). We cannot assure you that such reserves
                will be sufficient to cover future claims. We could, in the future, become subject to significant and
                unexpected warranty claims, resulting in significant expenses, which would in turn materially and
                adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects.




62   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We may need to defend ourselves against patent or trademark infringement claims, which may be
time-consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs.

Companies, organizations or individuals, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents,
trademarks or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make,
use, develop, sell or market our vehicles or components, which could make it difficult for us to
operate our business. From time to time, owners of patents or trademarks may contact us regarding
their proprietary rights. Companies holding patents or other intellectual property rights may bring
suits alleging infringement of such rights or otherwise assert their rights and urge us to take licenses.
Our applications and uses of patented technologies and trademarks relating to, among others, our
designs, software or artificial intelligence technologies could subject us to the risk of infringing
existing intellectual property rights.


For example, a German automotive manufacturer claimed that we infringed its trademark
rights based on resemblance of model designations of certain of our vehicles with those of the
manufacturer’s. For that purpose, the manufacturer has filed an infringement lawsuit with the
Munich Regional Court against us and brought certain opposition and cancellation proceedings
against our trademark applications and registrations of the aforesaid model designations in front
of competent intellectual property authorities in certain jurisdictions. Although we believe the
allegations of trademark infringement to be unjustified, we have taken precautionary measures and
renamed certain car models involved in the infringement claim before our entry into the European
market to avoid substantial impact on our sales operations in the Europe and other jurisdictions.
As of the date of this annual report, the lawsuit and the proceedings are still ongoing and we have
not yet received any final decisions. We cannot assure you that the final ruling will be in our favor. If
we are not permitted to use these model names in Europe or other jurisdictions where our vehicles
are offered, our sales performance there may be negatively affected, which in turn would harm our
results of operations and financial condition.


If we are determined to have infringed upon a third party’s intellectual property rights, we may be
required to do one or more of the following:


•   cease selling, incorporating certain components into, or using vehicles or offering goods or
    services that incorporate or use the challenged intellectual property;


•   pay substantial damages;


•   seek a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be
    available on reasonable terms or at all;


•   redesign our vehicles or other goods or services; or


•   establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services.


In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain
a license to the infringed technology or other intellectual property right, our business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, any
litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and
diversion of resources and management attention.


                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      63
     PART I


                We may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which
                could harm our business and competitive position.

                We regard our trademarks, service marks, patents, domain names, trade secrets, proprietary
                technologies and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. We rely on trademark
                and patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements, and technology license
                agreements with our employees, business constituents and others to protect our proprietary rights.


                We have invested significant resources to develop our own intellectual property. Failure to maintain
                or protect these rights could harm our business. In addition, any unauthorized use of our intellectual
                property by third parties may adversely affect our current and future revenues and our reputation.


                Implementation and enforcement of PRC intellectual property-related laws have historically been
                challenging. Furthermore, policing unauthorized use or leakage of proprietary technology or various
                infringement on our intellectual property rights is difficult and expensive. We rely on a combination
                of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions on disclosure and
                usage to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights,
                third parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property or seek court
                declarations that they do not infringe upon our intellectual property rights. Monitoring unauthorized
                use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly, and we cannot assure you that the steps we
                have taken or will take will prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property. From time to time,
                we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could result in
                substantial costs and diversion of our resources.


                Our patent rights may not protect us effectively, and we may not be able to prevent others from
                developing or exploiting competing technologies, which could have a material and adverse effect
                on our business.

                As of December 31, 2023, we had 4,690 issued patents and 3,788 patent applications pending. For our
                pending application, we cannot assure you that we will be granted patents pursuant to our pending
                applications. Even if our patent applications succeed and we are issued patents in accordance with
                them, it is still uncertain whether these patents will be contested, circumvented or invalidated in the
                future. In addition, the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with meaningful
                protection or competitive advantages. The claims under any patents that issue from our patent
                applications may not be broad enough to prevent others from developing technologies that are similar
                or that achieve results similar to ours. The intellectual property rights of others could also bar us from
                licensing and exploiting any patents that issue from our pending applications. Numerous patents and
                pending patent applications owned by others exist in the fields in which we have developed and are
                developing our technology. These patents and patent applications might have priority over our patent
                applications and could subject our patent applications to invalidation. Finally, in addition to those
                who may claim priority, any of our existing or pending patents may also be challenged by others on
                the basis that they are otherwise invalid or unenforceable.




64   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                  PART I


We have limited insurance coverage, which could expose us to significant costs and business
disruption.

We have limited liability insurance coverage for our products and business operations. A successful
liability claim against us due to injuries suffered by our users could materially and adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. In addition, we do not have any business
disruption insurance. Any business disruption event could result in substantial costs to us and
diversion of our resources.


We maintain a considerable level of debt that are senior in capital structure and cash flow to our
shareholders. Satisfying these debt obligations could adversely affect the distributions to our
shareholders or result in dilution.

We maintain a considerable level of indebtedness to finance our operations and business expansion.
In February 2019, we issued US$750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50% convertible
senior notes due 2024, or the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes matured on February 1, 2024, and we
repaid the then outstanding 2024 Notes that had not been redeemed, repurchased or converted in
full. In January 2021, we issued US$750 million aggregate principal amount of 0.00% convertible
senior notes due 2026, or the 2026 Notes, and US$750 million aggregate principal amount of 0.50%
convertible senior notes due 2027, or the 2027 Notes. In September and October 2023, we issued
US$575 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875% convertible senior notes due 2029, or the 2029
Notes, and US$575 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% convertible senior notes due 2030,
or the 2030 Notes. As of December 31, 2023, we had RMB13,042.9 million (US$1,837.0 million) in total
long-term borrowings outstanding, consisting primarily of (i) our 4.50% convertible senior notes due
2024, (ii) our 0.00% convertible senior notes due 2026 and 0.50% convertible senior notes due 2027,
(iii) our 3.875% convertible senior notes due 2029 and 4.625% convertible senior notes due 2030, and
(iv) our long-term bank debt, excluding the current portions of (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) that are due within
one year from December 31, 2023. Meanwhile, as of December 31, 2023, we had RMB9,821.5 million
(US$1,383.3 million) in total short-term borrowings, including the current portions of long-term
borrowings. Among the current portions of long-term borrowings, the 4.50% convertible senior notes
due 2024 was repaid in full in February 2024. On February 1, 2024, we completed the repurchase right
offer relating to 2026 Notes with aggregate principal amount of US$300.5 million.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       65
     PART I


                The 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes are unsecured debt. Prior to August 1, 2025, in the case of
                the 2026 Notes, and August 1, 2026, in the case of the 2027 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the 2027
                Notes, as applicable, will be convertible at the option of the holders only upon satisfaction of certain
                conditions and during certain periods. Holders may convert their 2026 Notes or 2027 Notes, as
                applicable, at their option at any time on or after August 1, 2025, in the case of the 2026 Notes, or
                August 1, 2026, in the case of the 2027 Notes, until the close of business on the second scheduled
                trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver to
                such converting holders, as the case may be, cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at our
                election. The initial conversion rate of the 2026 Notes is 10.7458 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount
                of such 2026 Notes. The initial conversion rate of the 2027 Notes is 10.7458 ADSs per US$1,000
                principal amount of such 2027 Notes. The conversion rate for such series of the 2026 Notes and
                the 2027 Notes is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2026
                Notes and the 2027 Notes may require us to repurchase all or part of their 2026 Notes and 2027
                Notes for cash on February 1, 2024, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and February 1, 2025, in the case
                of the 2027 Notes, or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to
                100% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued
                and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. In addition, on or after February
                6, 2024, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and February 6, 2025, in the case of the 2027 Notes, until the
                20th scheduled trading day immediately prior to the maturity date, we may redeem the 2026 Notes
                or the 2027 Notes, as applicable for cash subject to certain conditions, at a redemption price equal
                to 100% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued
                and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the optional redemption date. Furthermore, we may
                redeem all but not part of the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes in the event of certain changes in the
                tax laws. In 2022, we repurchased an aggregate principal amount of US$192.9 million of 2026 Notes
                for a total cash consideration of US$170.5 million. In September 2023, shortly after the pricing of the
                2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes, we repurchased an aggregate principal amount of US$255.6 million
                of the 2026 Notes for a total cash consideration of US$249.9 million and an aggregate principal
                amount of US$244.4 million of the 2027 Notes for a total cash consideration of US$222.0 million. In
                February 2024, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to the 2026 Notes. US$300.5 million
                in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were validly surrendered and not withdrawn prior to
                the expiration of the repurchase right offer.




66   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


The 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes are unsecured debt. The holders of the 2029 Notes and the 2030
Notes shall have the right, at such holder’s option, to convert all or any portion of their 2029 Notes or
2030 Notes, as applicable, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading
day immediately preceding the maturity date, i.e., October 15, 2029, in the case of the 2029 Notes,
and October 15, 2030, in the case of the 2030 Notes. The initial conversion rate of the 2029 Notes is
89.9685 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2029 Notes. The Initial conversion rate of the
2030 Notes is 89.9685 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2030 Notes. The conversion rate
is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2029 Notes and 2030
Notes may require us to repurchase all or any portion of their 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes for cash
on October 15, 2027, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and October 15, 2028, in the case of 2030 Notes,
or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. In addition, on or after October 22, 2027, in the case of
the 2029 Notes, and October 22, 2028, in the case of the 2030 Notes, until the 20th scheduled trading
day immediately prior to the maturity date, i.e., October 15, 2029, in the case of the 2029 Notes,
and October 15, 2030, in the case of the 2030 Notes, we may redeem all or part of the 2029 Notes
and 2030 Notes, as applicable for cash subject to certain conditions, at a redemption price equal to
100% of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the optional redemption date. Furthermore, we may redeem
all but not part of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes in the event of certain changes in the tax laws.


Satisfying the obligations of all these indebtedness and interest liabilities could adversely affect the
amount or timing of any distributions to our shareholders. We may choose to satisfy, repurchase, or
refinance any of these liabilities through public or private equity or debt financings if we deem such
financings available on favorable terms. If we do not have adequate cash available or cannot obtain
additional financing, or our use of cash is restricted by applicable law, regulations or agreements
governing our current or future indebtedness, we may not be able to repurchase any of these notes
when required under the respective transaction documents, which would constitute an event of
default under the respective transaction documents. An event of default could also lead to a default
under other agreements governing our current and future indebtedness, and if the repayment of such
other indebtedness were accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness
and repurchase any of these notes or make cash payments upon conversion of any of these notes.
In addition, the holders of any of these notes may convert their notes to a number of our ADSs in
accordance with the respective transaction documents. Any conversion will result in immediate
dilution to the ownership interests of existing shareholders and such dilution could be material.
Lastly, we are exposed to interest rate risk related to our portfolio of investments in debt securities
and the debt that we have issued. Among other things, some of our bank loans carry floating interest,
and increases in interest rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of our outstanding debt. In
the event that we incur a decrease in the fair value of our outstanding debt, our financial performance
will be adversely affected.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      67
     PART I


                We are or may be subject to risks associated with strategic alliances or acquisitions.

                We have entered into and may in the future enter into strategic alliances, including joint ventures
                or minority equity investments, with various third parties to further our business purpose from time
                to time. For example, we have opened our Power Swap network to the entire industry and signed
                strategic partnership agreements with Changan Automobile, Geely Group, JAC Group and Chery
                Automobile on battery swapping. We have partnered with multiple energy companies, and expect to
                join hands with more partners to collectively contribute towards the development of power network
                and the wider adoption of battery swapping. Furthermore, on February 26, 2024, we entered into a
                technology license agreement with Forseven Limited, or Forseven. Under this agreement, we granted
                a non-exclusive and non-transferrable worldwide license to Forseven to use certain of our technical
                information, technical solutions, software and intellectual property rights related to or subsisting in
                our existing and future smart electric vehicle platforms within certain period, for, among other things,
                the research and development, manufacturing, sales, import and export of vehicle models sold or
                marketed under Forseven’s brand, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the agreement.
                These alliances could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing
                proprietary information, non-performance by the third party and increased expenses in establishing
                new strategic alliances. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these third
                parties and, to the extent any of these strategic third parties suffer negative publicity or harm to their
                reputation from events relating to their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our
                reputation by virtue of our association with any such third party. Specifically, any technical failure
                in the coordination with our Power Swap network partners can disrupt our charging and battery
                swapping services to users and delay the expansion of our Power Swap network and the adoption
                of our battery swapping technology. Also, inefficient processes or inadequate workforce training
                could lead to operational inefficiencies and increased costs. Furthermore, any problems arising from
                Forseven’s use of the licensed technologies, including product recalls, safety issues, or resulting
                legal disputes, could negatively harm our brand and reputation. Any of these risks may materially and
                adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial conditions.




68   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


In addition, we may acquire additional assets, products, technologies or businesses that are
complementary to our existing business. In addition to possible shareholder approval, we may have
to obtain approvals and licenses from government authorities for the acquisitions and to comply with
any applicable PRC laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may
derail our business strategy if we fail to do so. Furthermore, past and future acquisitions and the
subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own require significant attention from
our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in
turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate
the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash,
potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment
charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown
liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions
may be significant.


If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to execute our growth strategies
successfully.

We have expanded our operations, and as we ramp up our production and sales, further significant
expansion may be required, especially in connection with providing our users with high-quality
service, expansion of our sale network and power infrastructures, and managing different models of
vehicles. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion
and growth successfully. Risks that we face in undertaking this expansion include, among others:


•   managing a larger organization with different divisions;


•   training a greater number of employees and managing their behaviors, including but not limited to
    deterring or preventing employee misconducts or illegal actions;


•   controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations;


•   establishing or expanding design, manufacturing, sales and service facilities;


•   implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes; and


•   addressing new markets and potentially unforeseen challenges as they arise.


Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business,
prospects, results of operations and financial condition.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023   69
     PART I


                We have granted, and may continue to grant options and other types of awards under our share
                incentive plan, which may result in increased share-based compensation expenses.

                We adopted share incentive plans in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2024, which we refer to as the 2015
                Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and 2024 Plan, respectively, for the purpose of
                granting share-based compensation awards to employees, directors and consultants to incentivize
                their performance and align their interests with ours. The 2018 Plan became effective as of January 1,
                2019 and expired on December 31, 2023. The 2024 Plan became effective as of February 7, 2024. We
                recognize expenses in our consolidated statement of income in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under our
                share incentive plans, we are authorized to grant options and other types of awards. Under the 2015
                Plan, the 2016 Plan and the 2017 Plan, the maximum numbers of Class A ordinary shares which may
                be issued pursuant to all awards are 46,264,378, 18,000,000 and 33,000,000, respectively. Under the
                2018 Plan, a maximum number of 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares may be issued pursuant to all
                awards. This amount should automatically increase each year by the number of shares representing
                1.5% of the then total issued and outstanding share capital of our company as of the end of each
                preceding year during the term of the 2018 Plan. The maximum number of shares available for
                issuance pursuant to all awards under the 2024 Plan was initially 19,288,470 Class A ordinary shares,
                and the amount automatically increases at the beginning of each new year by the number of shares
                representing 1.2% of the then total issued and outstanding share capital of our company as of the
                last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year during the term of the 2024 Plan. In addition, any
                awards not granted under an earlier plan when it terminates are automatically added to the 2024
                Plan. As of February 29, 2024, awards to purchase an aggregate amount of 123,804,348 Class A
                ordinary shares under the 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and the 2024 Plan
                had been granted and were outstanding, excluding awards that were forfeited or cancelled after the
                grant dates. In addition, one of our subsidiaries also adopted a share incentive plan in 2021, pursuant
                to which the subsidiary can grant share options to its employees. As of December 31, 2023, our
                unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the stock option and restricted shares
                amounted to RMB5,840.5 million (US$822.6 million).


                We believe the granting of share-based awards is of significant importance to our ability to attract
                and retain key personnel and employees, and we will continue to grant share-based compensation to
                employees in the future. As a result, our expenses associated with share-based compensation may
                increase, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations.


                Furthermore, prospective candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity
                awards they receive in connection with their employment. Thus, our ability to attract or retain highly
                skilled employees may be adversely affected by declines in the perceived value of our equity or equity
                awards. Furthermore, there are no assurances that the number of shares reserved for issuance under
                our share incentive plans will be sufficient to grant equity awards adequate to recruit new employees
                and to compensate existing employees.




70   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


If we do not appropriately maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we may be unable to accurately report our
financial results and the market price of our ADSs may be adversely affected.

We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required under
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring public companies to include
a report of management on such company’s internal control over financial reporting in its document,
which contains management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control
over financial reporting. We were subject to such requirement starting from the fiscal year of 2019.
In addition, an independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on the
effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting.


Our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2023. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm has audited the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023.


In the future, our management may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is
not effective. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial
reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm, after conducting its own
independent testing, may issue a report with adverse opinion if it is not satisfied with our internal
controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if it
interprets the requirements differently from us.


If we fail to implement and maintain an effective internal control environment, we could suffer
material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and fail to meet our reporting
obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information. This could in turn limit our access to capital markets, harm our results of operations, and
lead to a decline in the trading price of our listed securities. Furthermore, we may incur additional
costs and use additional management and other resources as our business and operations further
expand or in an effort to remediate any significant control deficiencies that may be identified in the
future. Additionally, ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to increased
risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock
exchange on which we list, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions.


If our suppliers fail to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws and
regulations, our brand image could be harmed due to negative publicity.

Our core values, which include developing high quality electric vehicles while operating with integrity,
are an important component of our brand image, which makes our reputation sensitive to allegations
of unethical business practices. We do not control our independent suppliers or their business
practices. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee their compliance with ethical business practices,
such as environmental responsibilities, fair wage practices, and compliance with child labor laws,
among others. A lack of demonstrated compliance could lead us to seek alternative suppliers, which
could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our products, product shortages or other
disruptions of our operations.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      71
     PART I


                Violation of labor or other laws by our suppliers or the divergence of an independent supplier’s labor
                or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the markets in which we do business
                could also attract negative publicity for us and our brand. This could diminish the value of our brand
                image and reduce demand for our electric vehicles if, as a result of such violation, we were to attract
                negative publicity. If we, or other players in our industry, encounter similar problems in the future, it
                could harm our brand image, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.


                If we update our manufacturing equipment more quickly than expected, we may have to shorten
                the useful lives of any equipment to be retired, which could negatively affect our financial results.

                We have invested, and we expect to continue to invest, significantly in what we believe is state of
                the art tooling, machinery and other manufacturing equipment for the product lines where the
                vehicles are manufactured, and we depreciate the cost of such equipment over their expected
                useful lives. Manufacturing technology may evolve rapidly, and therefore we may decide to update
                our manufacturing process with advanced equipment more quickly than expected. Moreover, as our
                engineering and manufacturing expertise and efficiency increase, we may be able to manufacture our
                products using less of our installed equipment. The useful life of any equipment that would be retired
                early as a result would be shortened, causing the depreciation on such equipment to be accelerated,
                and to the extent we own such equipment, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. An
                increased amount of investment into the manufacturing plants will lead to an increased cost in asset
                depreciation and amortization, which could negatively affect our results of operations and financial
                conditions.


                The construction and operation of our manufacturing facilities are subject to regulatory approvals
                or filings and may be subject to changes, delays, cost overruns or may not produce expected
                benefits.

                In 2017, we signed a framework agreement with the Shanghai Jiading government and its authorized
                investment entity to build and develop our own manufacturing facility in Jiading, Shanghai. In 2019,
                we agreed with the related contractual parties to cease construction of this planned manufacturing
                facility and terminate this development project.


                In February 2020, we entered into a collaboration framework agreement with the municipal
                government of Hefei, Anhui province. Subsequently from April to June 2020, we entered into
                definitive agreements, as amended and supplemented, for investments in NIO China. Pursuant to
                the definitive agreements, we will collaborate with the Hefei Strategic Investors and Hefei Economic
                and Technological Development Area to develop NIO China’s business and to support the accelerated
                development of the smart electric vehicle sectors in Hefei. In February 2021, we, through NIO China,
                entered into a further collaboration framework agreement with the municipal government of Hefei,
                Anhui province, pursuant to which the Hefei government and NIO China agreed in principle to jointly
                build a world-class industrial campus to support the development and innovations of the smart
                electric vehicle industry and related supply chains led by NIO China. In addition, the Hefei government
                and its associated parties plan to reinvest their returns from the equity investments in NIO China to
                support the further cooperation in Hefei.




72   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Under PRC law, construction projects are subject to broad and strict government supervision and
approval procedures, including but not limited to project approvals and filings, construction land
and project planning approvals, environment protection approvals, pollution discharge permits,
work safety approvals, fire protection approvals, and the completion of inspection and acceptance
by authorities. Some of the construction projects being carried out by us are undergoing necessary
approval procedures as required by law. As a result, the entities operating such construction projects
may be subject to administrative uncertainty, and construction projects in question may be subject
to fines or the suspension of use of such projects. Failure to complete the construction projects on
schedule and within budget, and failure to obtain necessary approvals or any incompliance with
government supervision could have a material adverse impact on our operations, and we may not be
able to find commercially reasonable alternatives.


Our vehicles make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which have been observed to catch fire or vent
smoke and flame.

The batteries that we produce make use of lithium-ion cells. On rare occasions, lithium-ion cells
can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite
nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells. In June 2019, certain safety incidents resulting
from the batteries on ES8 vehicles occurred in Shanghai and other locations in China. We then
voluntarily recalled 4,803 ES8s, and replaced the batteries in the NIO battery swap network equipped
with the malfunctioned modules. While we have designed the battery to passively contain any single
cell’s release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells, and have taken measures to enhance
the safety of our battery designs, a field or testing failure of our vehicles or other batteries that we
produce could occur in the future, which could subject us to lawsuits, product recalls, or redesign
efforts, all of which would be time-consuming and expensive. Also, negative public perceptions
regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for automotive applications or any future incident
involving lithium-ion cells such as a vehicle or other fire, even if such incident does not involve our
vehicles, could seriously harm our business.


In addition, we store a significant number of lithium-ion cells at our facilities. Any mishandling of
battery cells may cause disruption to the operation of our facilities. While we have implemented
safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, a safety issue or fire related to the cells could
disrupt our operations. Such damage or injury could lead to adverse publicity and potentially a safety
recall. Moreover, any failure of a competitor’s electric vehicle or energy storage product may cause
indirect adverse publicity for us and our products. Such adverse publicity could negatively affect our
brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      73
     PART I


                Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could impact
                our ability to effectively provide our services.

                We aim to provide our users with an innovative suite of services through our mobile application.
                In addition, our in-car services depend, to a certain extent, on connectivity. The availability and
                effectiveness of our services depend on the continued operation of our information technology and
                communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other
                adverse effects, fire, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures,
                computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks or other attempts to harm our systems. Our
                data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and potential
                disruptions. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot
                account for all eventualities. Any problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in
                our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain
                errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in our services or the failure of our
                systems.


                We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and similar laws, non-compliance with
                which can subject us to penalties and expenses, which could adversely affect our business,
                financial condition and reputation.

                We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic
                sanctions and similar laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which we conduct activities,
                including, among others, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. These
                acts prohibit us and our officers, directors, employees and business partners acting on our behalf,
                including agents, from corruptly offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to a
                “foreign official” for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or
                otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act also requires companies
                to make and keep books, records and accounts that accurately reflect transactions and dispositions
                of assets and to maintain a system of adequate internal accounting controls. The U.K. Bribery Act
                also prohibits non-governmental “commercial” bribery and soliciting or accepting bribes. A violation
                of these laws or regulations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial
                condition and reputation.


                We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies and
                state-owned affiliated entities in the ordinary course of business. We have also entered into joint
                ventures and/or other business partnerships with government agencies and state-owned or affiliated
                entities. These interactions subject us to an increased level of compliance-related concerns. We are
                in the process of implementing policies and procedures designed to ensure that we and our directors,
                officers, employees, representatives, consultants, agents and business partners comply with
                applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic sanctions
                and similar laws and regulations. However, our policies and procedures may not be sufficient and
                our directors, officers, employees, representatives, consultants, agents, and business partners could
                engage in improper conduct for which we may be held responsible.




74   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Non-compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering or financial and economic
sanctions laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations,
and severe administrative, civil and criminal sanctions, collateral consequences, remedial measures
and legal expenses, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of
operations, financial condition and reputation. In addition, changes in economic sanctions laws in the
future could adversely impact our business and investments in our shares.


Any unauthorized control or manipulation of our vehicles’ systems could result in loss of confidence
in us and our vehicles and harm our business.

Our vehicles contain complex information technology systems. For example, our vehicles are
designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to
improve or update the functionality of our vehicles. We have designed, implemented and tested
security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks,
our vehicles and their systems. However, hackers may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized
access to modify, alter and use such networks, vehicles and systems to gain control of, or to change,
our vehicles’ functionality, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to
data stored in or generated by the vehicle. Vulnerabilities could be identified in the future and our
remediation efforts may not be successful. Any unauthorized access to or control of our vehicles or
their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or proceedings. In addition, regardless of
their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our vehicles, their systems or data, as well as other
factors that may result in the perception that our vehicles, their systems or data are capable of being
“hacked,” could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and
operating results.


Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by natural
disasters, health epidemics and other outbreaks.

Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of epidemics. In recent years, there have been
outbreaks of epidemics in China and globally. Our results of operations could be adversely affected to
the extent that the outbreak harms the Chinese economy in general.


Since the beginning of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in temporary closure of many
corporate offices, retail stores, manufacturing facilities and factories across China and the world.
Our operations experienced disruptions, such as temporary closure of our offices and/or those of our
customers or suppliers and suspension of services, resulting in a reduction of vehicles manufactured
and delivered, which affected our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
Our results of operations have been and could continue to be adversely affected to the extent the
COVID-19 pandemic or any other epidemic harms the Chinese economy in general. Further, to the
extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it has and may
continue to have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this annual report,
such as those relating to our level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to
service our indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements
that govern our indebtedness.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      75
     PART I


                We are also vulnerable to natural disasters and other calamities. Our vehicle production, sales and
                delivery and our service operations and capacities could be materially and adversely affected by
                natural disasters and other calamities in the areas where we operate and where our vehicles are
                sold to. For example, in July 2021, our deliveries of vehicles and power services were interrupted
                due to the flood in Henan province and the typhoon in Shanghai and several other neighboring cities.
                Although we have servers that are hosted in an offsite location, our backup system does not capture
                data on a real-time basis and we may be unable to recover certain data in the event of a server failure.
                We cannot assure you that any backup systems will be adequate to protect us from the effects
                of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war,
                riots, terrorist attacks or similar events. Any of the foregoing events may give rise to interruptions,
                breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures or internet failures, which could cause
                the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as adversely affect our
                ability to provide services on our platform.




76   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Our revenues and financial results may be adversely affected by any economic slowdown in China
as well as globally.

The success of our business ultimately depends on consumer spending. We derive a substantial
majority of our revenues from China. As a result, our revenues and financial results are impacted to
a significant extent by economic conditions in China. The growth rate of the Chinese economy has
gradually slowed down since 2010 and the Chinese population began to decline in 2022, and the trend
may continue. Any slowdown could significantly reduce domestic commerce in China. In addition,
as we continue to expand our global presence and offer products and services to markets outside
China, we expect our results of operations will also be impacted by the global economic conditions.
The global macroeconomic environment is facing numerous challenges. For example, the COVID-19
pandemic had a severe and negative impact on the Chinese and the global economy from 2020
through 2022. The Federal Reserve and other central banks outside of China have raised interest
rates. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of the previous expansionary
monetary and fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the
world’s leading economies, including the United States and China, and the ongoing transmission
of monetary policy in the United States and Europe. The Russia-Ukraine conflict, the Hamas-Israel
conflict and the attacks on shipping in the Red Sea have heightened geopolitical tensions across the
world, while it has not had a direct impact on our business operations and financial results to date, it
could raise energy prices, cause supply chain volatilities and disrupt global markets in general, and
may negatively affect our business expansion in Europe and other international markets, which may
adversely affect our results of operations and financial results. Regional unrest, terrorist threats and
the potential for war may increase market volatility across the globe. There have also been concerns
about the relationship between China and other countries, including the surrounding Asian countries,
which may potentially have economic effects. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about
the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to trade policies, treaties,
government regulations and tariffs. Economic conditions in China are sensitive to global economic
conditions, as well as changes in domestic economic and political policies and the expected or
perceived overall economic growth rate in China. Any severe or prolonged slowdown in the global
or Chinese economy may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition.


Sales of high-end and luxury consumer products, such as our performance electric vehicles, depend
in part on discretionary consumer spending and are even more exposed to adverse changes in general
economic conditions. In response to their perceived uncertainty in economic conditions, consumers
might delay, reduce or cancel purchases of our electric vehicles and our results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected.


We cannot predict the duration or direction of current trends or their impact on China and globally. If
we experience unfavorable global market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at
a scope that is commensurate with such conditions or are later required to or choose to suspend such
operations again, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      77
     PART I


                Shutdowns of the U.S. federal government could materially impair our business and financial
                condition.

                Development of our product candidates and/or regulatory approval may be delayed for reasons
                beyond our control. For example, over the last several years the U.S. government has shut down
                several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the SEC, have had to furlough critical SEC and
                other government employees and stop critical activities. In our operations as a public company, future
                government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets, such as delaying the
                declaration of effectiveness of registration statements and obtaining necessary capital to properly
                capitalize and continue our operations.


                Recent disruptions in the financial markets and economic conditions could affect our ability to
                raise capital.

                In recent years, the United States and global economies suffered dramatic downturns as the result of
                a deterioration in the credit markets and related financial crisis as well as a variety of other factors
                including, among others, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit
                availability, rating downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. The United
                States and certain foreign governments have taken unprecedented actions in an attempt to address
                and rectify these extreme market and economic conditions by providing liquidity and stability to the
                financial markets. If the actions taken by these governments are not successful, the return of adverse
                economic conditions may cause a significant impact on our ability to raise capital, if needed, on a
                timely basis and on acceptable terms or at all.


                There are uncertainties relating to our users trust arrangement involving a portion of our chairman’s
                shareholding in our company.

                In conjunction with our pursuit of being a user enterprise and with the goal of building a deeper
                connection between NIO and our users, Mr. Bin Li, our founder, chairman of the board of directors
                and chief executive officer, transferred certain of his ordinary shares to NIO Users Trust after the
                completion of the initial public offering of our ADSs on the New York Stock Exchange in September
                2018. As of the date of this annual report, NIO Users Trust holds 16,967,776 Class A ordinary shares
                and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares through two holding companies controlled by it. Mr. Li
                continues to retain the voting rights of these shares. In 2019, our user committee adopted the NIO
                Users Trust Charter by way of voting, and established a User Council to generally discuss and give
                advice on the management and the operation of NIO Users Trust. In this way, our users have the
                opportunity to discuss and propose the use of the economic benefits from the shares in NIO Users
                Trust, which is intended to be composed mainly of the dividends from the shares that it holds future
                interests accrued from and investment returns generated by cash assets to be held under the trust,
                and proceeds from the pledging of such shares from time to time, through the User Council consisting
                of members of our user community elected by our users. See “Item 4. Information on the Company –
                B. Business Overview – User Development and User Community – NIO Users Trust” for further details
                about NIO Users Trust.




78   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


The current NIO Users Trust Charter provides certain mechanisms for the User Council to discuss
the management and supervision of the operations of NIO Users Trust. There is no assurance that
such current mechanisms for managing the operations of NIO Users Trust we have adopted are to
the satisfaction of all of our users, or that such mechanisms will be carried out in the way it was
intended. The User Council may not be able to achieve its intended work focus or carry out their
work effectively and efficiently as the power to give instructions to the trustee vests with the settlor,
protector and investment advisor of the trust. Furthermore, depending on the proposed use of the
economic interests of the shares held by the NIO Users Trust in the future, there could be accounting
implications to us that cannot presently be ascertained.


We and certain of our directors and officers have been named as defendants in shareholder
class action lawsuits and legal proceedings, which could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

Several shareholder class action lawsuits have been filed against us and certain of our directors
and officers. See “Item 8. Financial Information – A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial
Information – Legal Proceedings” for more details. We are currently unable to estimate the potential
loss, if any, associated with the resolution of such lawsuits, if they proceed. We anticipate that we
will continue to be a target for lawsuits in the future, including class action lawsuits brought by
shareholders. From time to time, we may also be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course
of our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in our defense or reverse
any unfavorable judgment on appeal, and we may decide to settle lawsuits on unfavorable terms.
Any adverse outcome of these cases, including any plaintiffs’ appeal of the judgment in these cases,
could result in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or changes to our business
practices, and thus have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operation, cash flows and reputation. In addition, there can be no assurance that our insurance
carriers will cover all or part of the defense costs, or any liabilities that may arise from these matters.
The litigation process may utilize a significant portion of our cash resources and divert management’s
attention from the day-to-day operations of our company, all of which could harm our business. We
also may be subject to claims for indemnification related to these matters, and we cannot predict the
impact that indemnification claims may have on our business or financial results.


RISKS RELATED TO OUR CORPORATE STRUCTURE
If the PRC government deems that our VIE arrangements do not comply with PRC laws, or if these
PRC laws change, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in
those operations.

Foreign ownership of certain areas of businesses is subject to restrictions and prohibitions under
current PRC laws and regulations. For example, pursuant to the 2021 Negative List, foreign investors
are not allowed to, among other things, (i) own more than 50% of the equity interests in a value-
added telecommunication service provider (other than for e-commerce, domestic multi-parties
communications, storage and forwarding categories, call centers); and (ii) invest in certain services
related to autonomous driving. Additionally, in practice, subject to the qualifications set by the China
Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission for foreign shareholders of the insurance brokerage
companies, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission typically would not approve the
establishment of foreign-invested insurance brokerage companies.



                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      79
     PART I


                We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our PRC subsidiaries are considered foreign-
                invested enterprises. Accordingly, we have entered into a series of contractual arrangements with
                Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO DT and their respective shareholders that enable us to hold
                or to apply for all the required licenses in China, including, among others, the ICP license, the
                insurance brokerage license and certain licenses relating to the operation of certain services related
                to autonomous driving. For a detailed description of these contractual arrangements, see “Item 4.
                Information on the Company – C. Organizational Structure – Contractual Agreements with the VIEs
                and Their Shareholders.”


                In the opinion of Han Kun Law Offices, our PRC legal counsel, (i) the ownership structures of NIO Co.,
                Ltd. and Beijing NIO, the ownership structure of Anhui NIO AD and Anhui NIO AT, and the ownership
                structure of NIO China and Anhui NIO DT, in China do not result in any violation of PRC laws and
                regulations currently in effect; and (ii) the contractual arrangements between our subsidiaries, the
                VIEs and their shareholders governed by PRC laws will not result in any violation of PRC laws or
                regulations currently in effect. However, we have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that there are
                substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws,
                regulations and rules, and there can be no assurance that the PRC regulatory authorities will take
                a view that is consistent with the opinion of our PRC legal counsel. See “Item 4. Information on the
                Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign Investment in China” and
                “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Our business
                may be significantly affected by the Foreign Investment Law.” It is uncertain whether any new PRC
                laws or regulations relating to VIE structures will be adopted or, if adopted, what they would provide.


                If the ownership structure, contractual arrangements and businesses of our PRC subsidiaries or
                the VIEs are found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or our PRC
                subsidiaries or the VIEs fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits or approvals, the PRC
                regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations or
                failures, including:


                •   revoking the business licenses and/or operating licenses of such entities;


                •   shutting down our servers or blocking our website, or discontinuing or placing restrictions or
                    onerous conditions on our operation through any transactions between our PRC subsidiaries and
                    the VIEs;


                •   imposing fines, confiscating the income from our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs, or imposing other
                    requirements with which we or the VIEs may not be able to comply;


                •   requiring us to restructure our ownership structure or operations, including terminating the
                    contractual arrangements with the VIEs and deregistering the equity pledge of the VIEs, which
                    in turn would affect our ability to consolidate, derive economic interests from, or exert effective
                    control over the VIEs; or


                •   restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of any financing outside China to finance our
                    business and operations in China, and taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could
                    be harmful to our business.

80   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Any of these actions could cause significant disruption to our business operations and severely
damage our reputation, which would in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. If any of these occurrences results in our inability to direct the
activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact their economic performance, and/or our failure
to receive the economic benefits from the VIEs, we may not be able to consolidate the entities in
our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Currently, Beijing NIO, Anhui
NIO AT, and Anhui NIO DT, taking into account all of their respective business with or without
foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws, contributed insignificantly to our total revenues in
2021, 2022 and 2023. As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the consolidated VIEs did not have
significant operations or any material assets or liabilities.


We rely on contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their shareholders to hold a controlling
financial interest over each VIE, which may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
operational control.

We have relied and expect to continue to rely on contractual arrangements with Beijing NIO, Anhui
NIO AT, Anhui NIO DT and their shareholders to maintain a controlling financial interest as the
primary beneficiary of each of them (as defined in U.S. GAAP, ASC 810) and to conduct a portion of our
operations in China. For a description of these contractual arrangements, see “Item 4. Information
on the Company – C. Organizational Structure – Contractual Agreements with the VIEs and Their
Shareholders.” The shareholders of VIEs may not act in the best interests of our company or may not
perform their obligations under these contracts. If we had direct ownership of the VIEs, we would be
able to exercise our rights as a shareholder to control the VIEs to exercise rights of shareholders to
effect changes in the board of directors of the VIEs, which in turn could implement changes, subject
to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management and operational level. However, under the
contractual arrangements, we would rely on legal remedies under PRC law for breach of contract in
the event that the VIEs and their shareholders did not perform their obligations under the contracts.
These legal remedies may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the
VIEs.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      81
     PART I


                If the VIEs or their shareholders fail to perform their obligations under the contractual arrangements,
                we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce such
                arrangements, and rely on legal remedies under PRC laws, including contractual remedies, which may
                not be sufficient or effective. All of the agreements under our contractual arrangements are governed
                by and interpreted in accordance with PRC laws, and disputes arising from these contractual
                arrangements will be resolved through arbitration in China. Uncertainties in the interpretation
                and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit our ability to enforce these contractual
                arrangements. Meanwhile, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance as to how
                contractual arrangements in the context of a VIE should be interpreted or enforced under PRC law.
                There remain significant uncertainties regarding the ultimate outcome of such arbitration should
                legal action become necessary. In addition, under PRC laws, rulings by arbitrators are final, parties
                cannot appeal the arbitration results in courts, and if the losing parties fail to carry out the arbitration
                awards within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing parties may only enforce the arbitration awards
                in the PRC courts through arbitration award recognition proceedings, which would require additional
                expenses and delay. If we are unable to enforce these contractual arrangements, or if we suffer
                significant delay or face other obstacles in the process of enforcing these contractual arrangements,
                we may not be able to exert effective control over the VIEs, and our ability to conduct our business
                may be negatively affected. See “Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Uncertainties in the
                interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available
                to you and us.”


                Our ability to enforce the equity pledge agreements between us and the VIEs’ shareholders may be
                subject to limitations based on PRC laws and regulations.

                Pursuant to the equity pledge agreements under our VIE contractual arrangements, each shareholder
                of the VIEs agrees to pledge its equity interests in the respective VIE to our PRC subsidiary to secure
                the respective VIE’s performance of its obligations under the contractual arrangements. The equity
                pledges of shareholders of each VIE under equity pledge agreements have been registered with the
                local branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation. In addition, in the registration forms
                of the local branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation for the pledges over the equity
                interests under the equity pledge agreements, the aggregate amount of registered equity interests
                pledged to NIO Co., Ltd. represents 100% of the registered capital of Beijing NIO, the aggregate
                amount of registered equity interests pledged to Anhui NIO AD represents 100% of the registered
                capital of Anhui NIO AT, and the aggregate amount of registered equity interests pledged to NIO China
                represents 100% of the registered capital of Anhui NIO DT See “Item 4. Information on the Company –
                C. Organizational Structure – Contractual Agreements with the VIEs and Their Shareholders” for more
                information.




82   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


The equity pledge agreements with the VIEs’ shareholders provide that the pledged equity interests
shall constitute continuing security for any and all of the indebtedness, obligations and liabilities
under all of the principal service agreements and the scope of pledge shall not be limited by the
amount of the registered capital of that VIE. However, a PRC court may take the position that the
amount listed on the equity pledge registration forms represents the full amount of the collateral that
has been registered and perfected. If this is the case, the obligations that are supposed to be secured
in the equity pledge agreements in excess of the amount listed on the equity pledge registration
forms could be determined by the PRC court as unsecured debt, which typically takes last priority
among creditors.


The shareholders of the VIEs have conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely
affect our business and financial condition.

Our founders, Bin Li and Lihong Qin, own 80% and 20%, respectively, of the equity interests in Beijing
NIO and Anhui NIO DT, and own 80% and 2.24%, respectively, of the equity interests in Anhui NIO AT.
Shaoqing Ren, a vice president of our company, owns 17.76% of the equity interests in Anhui NIO AT.
See “Item 4. Information on the Company – C. Organizational Structure – Contractual Agreements
with the VIEs and Their Shareholders” for more information. As shareholders of the VIEs, they have
conflicts of interest with us. These shareholders may breach, or cause the VIEs to breach, or refuse
to renew, the existing contractual arrangements we have with them and the VIEs, which would have
a material and adverse effect on our ability to effectively control the VIEs and receive economic
benefits from it. For example, the shareholders may be able to cause our agreements with the VIEs to
be performed in a manner adverse to us by, among other things, failing to remit payments due under
the contractual arrangements to us on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of
interest arise, any or all of these shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or such
conflicts will be resolved in our favor.


Currently, we do not have any arrangements to address conflicts of interest between these
shareholders and our company. Each of Bin Li and Lihong Qin is also a director and executive officer of
our company, and Shaoqing Ren is a vice president of our company. We rely on Bin Li, Lihong Qin and
Shaoqing Ren to abide by the laws of the Cayman Islands and China, which provide that directors and
senior management owe a fiduciary duty to the company that requires them to act in good faith and
in what they believe to be the best interests of the company and not to use their position for personal
gain. There is currently no specific and clear guidance under PRC laws that addresses any conflict
between PRC laws and the laws of Cayman Islands in respect of any conflict relating to corporate
governance. If we cannot resolve any conflict of interest or dispute between us and the shareholders
of VIEs, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which could result in disruption of our business
and subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      83
     PART I


                Our contractual arrangements with the VIEs may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities
                and they may determine that we or the VIEs owe additional taxes, which could negatively affect our
                financial condition.

                Under applicable PRC laws and regulations, arrangements and transactions among related parties
                may be subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities within ten years after the taxable year
                when the transactions are conducted. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law requires every enterprise
                in China to submit its annual enterprise income tax return together with a report on transactions with
                its related parties to the tax authorities. The tax authorities may impose reasonable adjustments
                on taxation if they have identified any related party transactions that are inconsistent with arm’s
                length principles. We may face material and adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities
                determine that the contractual arrangements between our PRC subsidiaries the VIEs in China, and
                the VIEs’ shareholders were not entered into on an arm’s length basis in such a way as to result in
                an impermissible reduction in taxes under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, and adjust
                VIEs’ income in the form of a transfer pricing adjustment. A transfer pricing adjustment could, among
                other things, result in a reduction of expense deductions recorded by VIEs for PRC tax purposes,
                which could in turn increase their tax liabilities without reducing our PRC subsidiary’s tax expenses.
                If any of our PRC subsidiaries requests the shareholders of the respective VIE to transfer their equity
                interests in such VIE at nominal or no value pursuant to the contractual agreements, such transfer
                could be viewed as a gift and subject our PRC subsidiary to PRC income tax. Furthermore, the PRC
                tax authorities may impose late payment fees and other penalties on VIEs for the adjusted but unpaid
                taxes according to the applicable regulations. Our financial position could be materially and adversely
                affected if any of the VIEs’ tax liabilities increase or if any VIE is required to pay late payment fees and
                other penalties.


                We may lose the ability to use and benefit from assets held by the VIEs that are material to the
                operation of our business if the VIEs go bankrupt or becomes subject to dissolution or liquidation
                proceedings.

                As part of our contractual arrangements with the VIEs, the entities may in the future hold certain
                assets that are material to the operation of our business. If any VIE goes bankrupt and all or part of
                its assets become subject to liens or rights of third-party creditors, we may be unable to continue
                some or all of our business activities, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
                financial condition and results of operations. Under the contractual arrangements, the VIEs may
                not, in any manner, sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of their assets or legal or beneficial interests
                in the business without our prior consent. If any VIE undergoes voluntary or involuntary liquidation
                proceedings, unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of these assets, thereby
                hindering our ability to operate our business, which could materially and adversely affect our
                business, financial condition and results of operations.




84   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Divestitures of businesses and assets may have a material and adverse effect on our business and
financial condition.

We may undertake in the future, partial or complete divestitures or other disposal transactions
in connection with certain of our businesses and assets, particularly ones that are not closely
related to our core focus areas or might require excessive resources or financial capital, to help our
company meet its objectives. These decisions are largely based on our management’s assessment
of the business models and likelihood of success of these businesses. However, our judgment could
be inaccurate, and we may not achieve the desired strategic and financial benefits from these
transactions. Our financial results could be adversely affected by the impact from the loss of earnings
and corporate overhead contribution/allocation associated with divested businesses.


Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in the divested business, such
as through guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations. Under these arrangements,
performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside of our control could affect our
future financial results. We may also be exposed to negative publicity as a result of the potential
misconception that the divested business is still part of our consolidated group. On the other hand,
we cannot assure you that the divesting business would not pursue opportunities to provide services
to our competitors or other opportunities that would conflict with our interests. If any conflicts of
interest that may arise between the divesting business and us cannot be resolved in our favor, our
business, financial condition, results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


Furthermore, reducing or eliminating our ownership interests in these businesses might negatively
affect our operations, prospects, or long-term value. We may lose access to resources or know-
how that would have been useful in the development of our own business. Our ability to diversify or
expand our existing businesses or to move into new areas of business may be reduced, and we may
have to modify our business strategy to focus more exclusively on areas of business where we already
possess the necessary expertise. We may sell our interests too early, and thus forego gains that we
otherwise would have received had we not sold. Selecting businesses to dispose of or spin off, finding
buyers for them (or the equity interests in them to be sold) and negotiating prices for what may be
relatively illiquid ownership interests with no easily ascertainable fair market value will also require
significant attention from our management and may divert resources from our existing business,
which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations.


The Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted us a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements
in Paragraph 3(b) of Practice Note 15 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules such that we are able to list
a subsidiary entity on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange within three years of the listing of our Class
A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. While we currently do not have any plan with
respect to any spin-off listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we may consider a spin-off listing
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for one or more of our businesses within the three-year period
subsequent to our listing in Hong Kong. The waiver granted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is
conditional upon us confirming to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in advance of any spin-off that it
would not render our company incapable of fulfilling the eligibility requirements under Rule 19C.05 of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules based on the financial information of the entity or entities to be spun-off
at the time of the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (calculated
cumulatively if more than one entity is spun-off).


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      85
     PART I


                RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA
                The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work
                performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our
                auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections.

                Our auditor, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included
                elsewhere in this annual report, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United
                States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant
                to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable
                professional standards. The auditor is located in mainland China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was
                historically unable to conduct inspections and investigations completely before 2022. As a result,
                we and investors in the ADSs were deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability
                of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China in the past has made it more difficult to
                evaluate the effectiveness of our independent registered public accounting firm’s audit procedures
                or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB
                inspections. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021
                determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it
                is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. However, if the
                PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely
                accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, and we use an accounting firm headquartered in
                one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we
                and investors in our ADSs would be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections again, which
                could cause investors and potential investors in the ADSs to lose confidence in our audit procedures
                and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements.


                Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the
                PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting or
                prohibition of trading of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited from trading,
                may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.

                Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered
                public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspections by the PCAOB for two consecutive
                years, the SEC will prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or
                in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States.


                On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of its determination that
                the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
                headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and our auditor was subject to that determination.
                In May 2022, the SEC conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA
                following the filing of our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. On
                December 15, 2022, the PCAOB removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions
                where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this
                reason, we were not identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we filed our
                annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and do not expect to be so
                identified after we file this annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.




86   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in
mainland China and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines in the future that
it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in mainland China
and Hong Kong and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an
audit report on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-
Identified Issuer following the filing of the annual report on Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year.
In accordance with the HFCAA, our securities would be prohibited from being traded on a national
securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States if we are identified
as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years in the future. Although our Class A
ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Singapore Exchange, and
the ADSs and Class A ordinary shares are fully fungible, we cannot assure you that an active trading
market for our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Singapore Exchange
will be sustained or that the ADSs can be converted and traded with sufficient market recognition
and liquidity, if our shares and ADSs are prohibited from trading in the United States. A prohibition
of being able to trade in the United States would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase
our ADSs when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with delisting would have a
negative impact on the price of our ADSs. Also, such a prohibition would significantly affect our ability
to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a material adverse impact on
our business, financial condition, and prospects.


Changes in China’s political or social conditions or government policies could have a material and
adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Substantially all of our revenues are expected to be derived in China in the near future and most of
our operations, including all of our manufacturing, is conducted in China. Accordingly, our results
of operations, financial condition and prospects are influenced by economic, political and legal
developments in China. The PRC government may influence China’s economic growth through
strategically allocating resources, controlling the payment of foreign currency-denominated
obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries
or companies. While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades,
that growth has been uneven across different regions and between economic sectors. Any adverse
changes in economic conditions in China, in the policies of the Chinese government or in the laws and
regulations in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China.
Such developments could adversely affect our business and operating results, leading to reduction in
demand for our services and solutions and adversely affect our competitive position.


Uncertainties in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the
legal protections available to you and us.

The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may be
cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Our PRC subsidiaries are foreign-invested
enterprises and are subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign-invested enterprises as well
as various Chinese laws and regulations generally applicable to companies incorporated in China.
However, since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to
rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and
enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties.



                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      87
     PART I


                From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our
                legal rights. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in
                interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the
                outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of protection we enjoy in China. Such
                uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including
                intellectual property) and procedural rights, and any failure to respond to changes in the regulatory
                environment in China could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to
                continue our operations.


                Our business may be significantly affected by the Foreign Investment Law.

                On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the Foreign Investment Law,
                which took effect on January 1, 2020. However, uncertainties still exist in relation to its interpretation
                and implementation. The Foreign Investment Law does not explicitly classify whether VIEs that are
                controlled via contractual arrangements would be deemed as foreign invested enterprises if they
                are ultimately “controlled” by foreign investors. However, it has a catch-all provision under definition
                of “foreign investment” to include investments made by foreign investors in China through means
                stipulated by laws or administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by the State Council.
                Therefore, it still leaves leeway for future laws, administrative regulations or provisions to provide
                for contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment. There can be no assurance that our
                contractual arrangements will not be deemed to be in violation of the market access requirements for
                foreign investment under the PRC laws and regulations.


                The Foreign Investment Law grants national treatment to foreign invested entities, except for those
                foreign invested entities that operate in industries deemed to be either “restricted” or “prohibited” in
                the “negative list” to be published. Because the “negative list” has yet been published, it is unclear as
                to whether it will differ from the 2021 Negative List currently in effect. The Foreign Investment Law
                provides that only foreign invested entities operating in foreign restricted or prohibited industries will
                require entry clearance and other approvals that are not required by PRC domestic entities or foreign
                invested entities operating in other industries. In the event that any VIE through which we operate
                our business is not treated as domestic investment and our operations carried out through such
                VIE are classified in the “restricted” or “prohibited” industry in the “negative list” under the Foreign
                Investment Law, such contractual arrangements may be deemed as invalid and illegal, and we may be
                required to unwind such contractual arrangements and/or dispose of such business.


                Furthermore, if future laws, administrative regulations or provisions mandate further actions to be
                taken by companies with respect to existing contractual arrangements, we may face substantial
                uncertainties as to whether we can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. In addition,
                the Foreign Investment Law provides that existing foreign invested enterprises established according
                to the existing laws regulating foreign investment may maintain their structure and corporate
                governance within five years after the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law, which means
                that we may be required to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our PRC
                entities then. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to cope with any of these or similar
                regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect our current corporate
                structure, corporate governance and business operations.




88   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


The approval of or the filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required
in connection with our future offshore listings and capital raising activities, and, if required, we
cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or filing.

The Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors require an
overseas special purpose vehicle formed for listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic
companies and controlled by PRC persons or entities to obtain the approval of the CSRC, prior to the
listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle’s securities on an overseas stock exchange. The
interpretation and application of the regulations remain unclear and uncertain. If the CSRC approval
is required for any of our offshore listings and capital raising activities, it is uncertain whether we
can or how long it will take us to obtain the approval and, even if we obtain such CSRC approval,
such CSRC approval could be rescinded. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining the CSRC approval
for our offshore listings and capital raising activities if such approval is required, or a rescission of
such CSRC approval that we have obtained, would subject us to sanctions imposed by the CSRC or
other PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines and penalties on our operations in the
PRC, restrictions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends outside of the PRC, and other forms of
sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.


On July 6, 2021, the PRC government authorities issued the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal
Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law , which called for the enhanced administration over
illegal securities activities and supervision of overseas-listed China-based companies, proposed to
revise the regulation governing the overseas issuance and listing of shares by such companies and
clarified the responsibilities of competent domestic industry regulators and government authorities.


On February 17, 2023, the CSRC issued the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five supporting guidelines, which took effect
on March 31, 2023. According to these rules, the issuer or a major domestic operating company
designated by the issuer, as the case may be, shall file with the CSRC, among other things, (i)
with respect to its follow-on offering in the same foreign market within three business days, after
completion of the follow-on offering, and (ii) with respect to its follow-on offering and listing in
other foreign markets within three business days, after its initial filing of the listing application to
the regulator in the place of such intended listing. Non-compliance with these rules or an overseas
listing completed in breach of them may result in a warning on the domestic companies and a fine
of RMB1 million to RMB10 million on them. Furthermore, the supervisors directly responsible and
other directly responsible persons of the domestic enterprises may be warned, and fined between
RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. The controlling shareholders or actual controllers of the domestic
company which organize or instigate the illegal acts, or conceal matters resulting in the illegal acts,
may be fined between RMB1 million to RMB10 million. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC issued the
Notice on Administrative Arrangements for the Filing of Domestic Enterprise’s Overseas Offering and
Listing, which stipulates the domestic enterprises like us that have completed overseas listings are
not required to file with the CSRC in accordance with these rules immediately, but shall carry out
filing procedures as required if we conduct refinancing or fall within other circumstances that require
filing with the CSRC.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      89
     PART I


                Considering that these rules have been promulgated recently, there are still some uncertainties about
                how to further refine and implement the requirements, which needs to be further guided and clarified
                by the CSRC and other regulatory authorities. If we have subsequent filing or reporting matters in
                the future, such as future offshore listings, refinancing and other capital raising activities, as well
                as other major events, including but not limited to the change of control, investigated or punished by
                overseas securities regulatory authorities or competent authorities, changing listing status or listing
                sector, terminating the listing voluntarily or forcibly, and changing our major business activities,
                given the substantial uncertainties surrounding the latest CSRC filing requirements at this stage, we
                cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the filings or reporting and fully comply with the
                new rules and requirements in a timely manner or at all. See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B.
                Business Overview – Regulations – M&A Rules and Overseas Listing.”


                The CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities also may take actions requiring us, or making it
                advisable for us, to halt our offshore listings or future capital raising activities before settlement and
                delivery of the proceeds hereby. Consequently, if you engage in market trading or other activities in
                anticipation of and prior to settlement and delivery, you do so at the risk that settlement and delivery
                may not occur. In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate new rules
                or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals or accomplish the required filing or other
                regulatory procedures for our offshore listings or future capital raising activities, we may be unable to
                obtain a waiver of such approval requirements, if and when procedures are established to obtain such
                a waiver. Any uncertainties or negative publicity regarding such approval, filing or other requirements
                could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, reputation, and the
                proceeds of the shares.


                We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations
                on internet-related business, automotive businesses and other business carried out by our PRC
                subsidiaries and the VIEs.

                We operate in the automotive and internet industry, both of which are extensively regulated by the
                PRC government. For example, the PRC government imposes foreign ownership restrictions and
                licensing and permit requirements for companies in the internet industry. See “Item 4. Information
                on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign Investment in
                China” and “－Regulations on Value-added Telecommunications Services.” Manufacturing of our
                vehicles is subject to extensive regulations in China. See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B.
                Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations and Approvals Covering the Manufacturing of New
                Energy Vehicles.” These laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation
                and enforcement involve significant uncertainties. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be
                difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to be in violation of applicable laws
                and regulations and furthermore, we cannot assure you that we have complied or will be able to
                comply with all applicable laws at all times. Consequently, we could face the risks of being subject
                to governmental investigations, orders by the competent authorities for rectification, administrative
                penalties or other legal proceedings.




90   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


Currently, we rely on the contractual arrangements with Beijing NIO and its shareholders to hold an
ICP license, and separately own the domain names and trademarks in connection with our internet
services and operate our website and mobile application through NIO Co., Ltd. Our internet services
may be treated as a value-added telecommunications business. If so, we may be required to transfer
the domain names, trademark and the operations of the internet services from NIO Co., Ltd. to Beijing
NIO, and we may also be subject to administrative penalties. We rely on the contractual arrangements
with Anhui NIO DT and its shareholders to operate insurance brokerage services. NIO Insurance
Broker Co., Ltd., the subsidiary of Anhui NIO DT, currently holds an insurance brokerage license and
provides insurance brokerage services primarily related to vehicles and properties. We intend to apply
for requisite licenses for Anhui NIO AT for certain supporting functions during the development of
our assisted and intelligent driving technology. Any challenge to the validity of these arrangements
may significantly disrupt our business, subject us to sanctions, compromise enforceability of our
contractual arrangements, or have other harmful effects on us. It is uncertain, (i) if Beijing NIO or NIO
Co., Ltd. will be required to obtain a separate operating license for certain services that we carried
out through our mobile application in addition to the valued-added telecommunications business
operating licenses for internet content provision services, and if Beijing NIO will be required to
supplement our current ICP license in the future, (ii) if Anhui NIO DT, its subsidiary or NIO China will be
required to obtain a separate operating license for certain services that we carried out in addition to
the insurance brokerage license, and if Anhui NIO DT or its subsidiary will be required to supplement
our current insurance brokerage license in the future; and (iii) if Anhui NIO AT or Anhui NIO AD will be
required to obtain a separate operating license for certain services that we carried out in addition to
certain required licenses to be applied for, and if Anhui NIO AT will be required to supplement certain
required licenses to be applied for in the future.


In addition, our mobile applications are also regulated by the Administrative Provisions on Information
Services of Mobile Internet Applications promulgated by CAC in June 2022, which took effect on
August 1, 2022 and replaces its predecessor regulation. According to these provisions, the providers
of mobile applications shall be responsible for the information contents presented and shall not
produce and disseminate illegal information and shall consciously prevent and resist unhealthy
information. However, we cannot assure that all the information or content displayed on, retrieved
from or linked to our mobile applications complies with the requirements of these provisions at all
times. If our mobile applications were found to be violating these provisions, we may be subject to
administrative penalties, including warning, service suspension or removal of our mobile applications
from the mobile application store, which may materially and adversely affect our business and
operating results.


The interpretation and application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible
new laws, regulations or policies relating to the internet industry, particularly the policies relating
to value-added telecommunications services, have created substantial uncertainties regarding
the legality of existing and future foreign investments in the businesses and activities of internet
businesses in China, including our business.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      91
     PART I


                Several PRC regulatory authorities, such as the State Administration for Market Regulation, the
                NDRC, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Ministry of Commerce, oversee
                different aspects of our operations, and we are required to obtain a wide range of government
                approvals, licenses, permits and registrations in connection with our operations. For example,
                certain filings must be made by automobile dealers through the information system for the national
                automobile circulation operated by the commerce department within 90 days after the receipt of a
                business license. Furthermore, the NEV industry is relatively new in China, and the PRC government
                has not adopted a clear regulatory framework to regulate the industry. As some of the laws, rules
                and regulations that we may be subject to were primarily enacted with a view toward application to
                ICE vehicles, or are relatively new, there is significant uncertainty regarding their interpretation and
                application with respect to our business. For example, it remains unclear under PRC laws whether
                our charging vans need to be registered with related local traffic management authorities or obtain
                transportation operation licenses for their services, and whether we would be required to obtain any
                particular permit or license to be qualified to provide our charging services in cooperation with third-
                party charging stations. In addition, the PRC government may enact new laws and regulations that
                require additional licenses, permits, approvals and/or registrations for the operation of any of our
                existing or future business. As a result, we cannot assure you that we have all the permits, licenses,
                registrations, approvals and/or business license covering the sufficient scope of business required
                for our business or that we will be able to obtain, maintain or renew permits, licenses, registrations,
                approvals and/or business license covering sufficient scope of business in a timely manner or at all.


                The PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material
                adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs.

                We conduct our business primarily in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and
                regulations. The PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business, and may
                influence our operations as the government deems appropriate to advance regulatory and societal
                goals and policy positions. The PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly
                affected certain industries and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release
                regulations or policies that directly or indirectly affect our industry or require us to seek additional
                permission to continue our operations, which could result in a material adverse change in our
                operation and/or the value of our ADSs. Therefore, investors of our company and our business face
                potential uncertainty from actions taken by the PRC government affecting our business.




92   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We may rely on distributions by our PRC subsidiaries for our financing requirements, and any
limitation on our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse
effect on our business.

We are a holding company, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid
by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary
to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders and service any debt we may
incur. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their
accumulated after-tax profits upon satisfaction of statutory conditions and procedures, if any,
determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of
our PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to
fund certain reserve funds until the total amount set aside reaches 50% of its registered capital. As
of December 31, 2023, most of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs had not made appropriations to
statutory reserves as our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs reported accumulated loss. For a detailed
discussion of applicable PRC regulations governing distribution of dividends, see “Item 4. Information
on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Dividend Distribution.”
Additionally, if our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments
governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us.
Furthermore, the PRC tax authorities may require our subsidiaries to adjust their taxable income
under the contractual arrangements they currently have in place with the VIEs in a manner that would
materially and adversely affect their ability to pay dividends and other distributions to us. See “Risks
Related to Our Corporate Structure – Our contractual arrangements with the VIEs may be subject to
scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they may determine that we or the VIEs owe additional taxes,
which could negatively affect our financial condition.” In addition, the incurrence of indebtedness by
our PRC subsidiaries could result in operating and financing covenants and undertakings to creditors
that would restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us.


Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us
could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could
be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. See “－If
we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification could
result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.”


Increases in labor costs and enforcement of stricter labor laws and regulations in the PRC may
adversely affect our business and our profitability.

China’s overall economy and the average wage in China have increased in recent years and are
expected to grow. The average wage level for our employees has also increased in recent years. We
expect that our labor costs, including wages and employee benefits, will increase. Unless we are able
to pass on these increased labor costs to those who pay for our services, our profitability and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      93
     PART I


                In addition, we have been subject to stricter regulatory requirements in terms of entering into labor
                contracts with our employees, limitation with respect to utilization of labor dispatching, applying for
                foreigner work permits, labor protection and labor condition and paying various statutory employee
                benefits, including pensions, housing fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance,
                unemployment insurance and maternity insurance to designated government agencies for the benefit
                of our employees. Pursuant to the PRC Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules, employers
                are subject to stricter requirements in terms of signing labor contracts, minimum wages, paying
                remuneration, determining the term of employee’s probation and unilaterally terminating labor
                contracts. In the event that we decide to terminate some of our employees or otherwise change our
                employment or labor practices, the PRC Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules may limit
                our ability to effect those changes in a desirable or cost-effective manner, which could adversely
                affect our business and results of operations.


                Companies registered and operating in China are required under the PRC Social Insurance Law (latest
                amended in 2018) and the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Funds (latest amended in
                2019) to, apply for social insurance registration and housing fund deposit registration within 30 days
                of their establishment, and to pay for their employees different social insurance including pension
                insurance, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity
                insurance to the extent required by law. However, certain of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs that do
                not hire any employees and are not a party to any employment agreement, have not applied for and
                obtained such registration, and instead of paying the social insurance payment on their own for their
                employees, certain of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs use third-party agencies to pay in the name
                of such agency. We could be subject to orders by the competent labor authorities for rectification and
                failure to comply with the orders may further subject us to administrative fines.


                As the interpretation and implementation of labor-related laws and regulations are still evolving, our
                employment practices may violate labor-related laws and regulations in China, which may subject us
                to labor disputes or government investigations. We cannot assure you that we have complied or will
                be able to comply with all labor-related law and regulations including those relating to obligations to
                make social insurance payments and contribute to the housing provident funds. If we are deemed to
                have violated labor laws and regulations, we could be required to provide additional compensation
                to our employees and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely
                affected.


                Furthermore, in order to control labor costs, we conducted a series of organizational restructuring
                to cut headcount in 2019, which we believe has negatively affected our reputation, brand image
                and our ability to retain the remaining qualified staff and skilled employees. We could undertake
                an organizational restructuring again in the future, the occurrence of which will pose negative
                implications on our competitive position, cost us qualified employees and subject us to potential
                employment lawsuits. Any of the above would negatively affect our business, financial condition and
                results of operations.




94   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material and adverse effect on our results of
operations.

The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the
People’s Bank of China. The RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and
unpredictably. The value of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by changes
in China’s political and economic conditions and by China’s foreign exchange policies, among other
things. We cannot assure you that RMB will not appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against
the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government
policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.


Any significant appreciation or depreciation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our revenues,
earnings and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our ADSs in U.S.
dollars. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive into RMB to pay
our operating expenses, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on
the RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, a significant depreciation of RMB
against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings, which in
turn could adversely affect the price of our ADSs.


Very limited hedging options are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate
fluctuations. While we have entered into and may continue to enter into hedging transactions in the
future, the availability and effectiveness of these hedges may be limited, and we may not be able to
adequately hedge our exposure or at all. In addition, our currency exchange losses may be magnified
by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currency. As
a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your investment.


PRC regulation on funding PRC subsidiaries by offshore entities and governmental control of
currency conversion may delay or prevent us from funding our PRC subsidiaries, which could
materially and adversely affect our liquidity and business.

Under PRC laws and regulations, we are permitted to utilize the proceeds of any financing outside
China to fund our PRC subsidiaries by making loans to or additional capital contributions to our PRC
subsidiaries, subject to applicable government registration, statutory limitations on amount and
approval requirements. For more details, see “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business
Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign Exchange.” These PRC laws and regulations may
significantly limit our ability to use Renminbi converted from the net proceeds of any financing
outside China to fund the establishment of new entities in China by our PRC subsidiaries, to invest in
or acquire any other PRC companies through our PRC subsidiaries, or to establish new VIEs in China.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary registrations or
obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans to
our PRC subsidiaries or future capital contributions that we made to our PRC subsidiaries. If we fail to
complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we received or
expect to receive from our offshore offerings and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations
may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to
fund and expand our business.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      95
     PART I


                On December 26, 2017, the NDRC issued the Management Rules for Overseas Investment by
                Enterprises. On February 11, 2018, the Catalog on Overseas Investment in Sensitive Industries (2018
                Edition) was promulgated. Overseas investment governed by these rules refers to the investment
                activities conducted by an enterprise located in the territory of China either directly or via an overseas
                enterprise under its control through making investment with assets and equities or providing
                financing or guarantees in order to obtain overseas ownership, control, management rights and other
                related interests, and overseas investment by a PRC individual through overseas enterprises under
                his/her control is also subject to these rules. According to these rules, before being conducted, any
                overseas investment in a sensitive industry or any direct investment by a Chinese enterprise in a
                non-sensitive industry but with an investment amount over US$300 million requires approval from,
                or filing with, the NDRC, and for those non-sensitive investments indirectly by Chinese investors
                (including PRC individuals) with investment amounts over US$300 million need to be reported.
                However, uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation and application of these rules,
                we are not sure whether our using of proceeds will be subject to these rules. If we fail to obtain the
                approval, complete the filing or report our overseas investment with our proceeds (as the case may
                be) in a timely manner provided that these rules are applicable, we may be forced to suspend or cease
                our investment, or be subject to penalties or other liabilities, which could materially and adversely
                affect our business, financial condition and prospects.


                Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues
                effectively.

                The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi into foreign currencies
                and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. Under existing PRC foreign exchange
                regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-
                related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval
                from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, by complying with certain procedural
                requirements. However, approval from or registration with appropriate governmental authorities
                is required where Renminbi is to be converted into a foreign currency and remitted out of China to
                pay capital expenses, such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. See “Item
                4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign
                Exchange.”


                Since 2016, the PRC government has further tightened its foreign exchange policies and enhanced
                its scrutiny of major outbound capital movement. More restrictions and a substantial vetting process
                have been put in place by SAFE to regulate cross-border transactions falling under the capital
                account. The PRC government may also restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current
                account transactions, at its discretion. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB. If the
                foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy
                our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our
                shareholders, including holders of our ADSs.




96   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


PRC regulations on offshore investment by PRC residents may prevent our PRC subsidiaries from
distributing profits to us or expose us or our PRC resident beneficial owners to penalties under PRC
law.

SAFE requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection
with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas
investment or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE
registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes certain material events. See
“Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign
Exchange – Offshore Investment.”


If our shareholders who are PRC residents or entities do not complete their registration with the
local SAFE branches, our PRC subsidiaries may be prohibited from distributing their profits and any
proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we may be restricted
in our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply
with SAFE registration requirements could result in liability under PRC laws for evasion of applicable
foreign exchange restrictions.


However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents or entities holding
direct or indirect interests in our company, nor can we compel our beneficial owners to comply with
SAFE registration requirements. As a result, we cannot assure you that all of our shareholders or
beneficial owners who are PRC residents or entities have complied with, and will in the future make
or obtain any applicable registrations or approvals required by, SAFE regulations. Failure by such
shareholders or beneficial owners to comply with SAFE regulations, or our failure to amend the
foreign exchange registrations of our PRC subsidiaries, could subject us to fines or legal sanctions,
restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to make
distributions or pay dividends to us or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect
our business and prospects.


China’s M&A Rules and other regulations establish complex procedures for certain acquisitions of
PRC companies by foreign investors, which could make it difficult for us to pursue growth through
acquisitions in China.

A number of PRC laws and regulations have established procedures and requirements that
could make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time-consuming
and complex. In addition to the Anti-Monopoly Law of China itself, these include the Rules on
Acquisition of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, adopted by six PRC governmental and
regulatory agencies in 2006 and amended in 2009, and the Rules of the Ministry of Commerce on
Implementation of Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by
Foreign Investors, promulgated in 2011. These laws and regulations impose requirements in some
instances that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction
in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. In addition, the Anti-Monopoly
Law of China requires that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any concentration
of undertaking if certain thresholds are triggered. Moreover, these rules specify that mergers and
acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      97
     PART I


                acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises
                that raise “national security” concerns are subject to strict review by the Ministry of Commerce, and
                prohibit any attempt to bypass a security review, including by structuring the transaction through
                a proxy or contractual control arrangement. In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring
                complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the regulations to complete such
                transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including approval from
                the Ministry of Commerce, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could
                affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share.


                Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee
                stock incentive plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to fines and other legal or
                administrative sanctions.

                Under SAFE regulations, PRC residents who participate in a stock incentive plan in an overseas
                publicly listed company are required to register with SAFE or its local branches and complete certain
                other procedures. See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations –
                Regulations on Employment and Social Welfare – Employee Stock Incentive Plan.” We and our PRC
                resident employees who participate in our share incentive plans are subject to these regulations
                since we became a public company listed in the United States. If we or any of these PRC resident
                employees fail to comply with these regulations, we or such employees may be subject to fines and
                other legal or administrative sanctions. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our
                ability to adopt additional incentive plans for our directors, executive officers and employees under
                PRC law.


                Discontinuation of any of the preferential tax treatments and government subsidies or imposition
                of any additional taxes and surcharges could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
                operations.

                Our PRC subsidiaries currently benefit from a number of preferential tax treatments. For example, one
                of our VIEs, Anhui NIO AT, is entitled to enjoy, after completing certain application formalities, a 15%
                preferential enterprise income tax from 2022 as it has been qualified as a “High and New Technology
                Enterprise” under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and related regulations. The discontinuation
                of any of the preferential income tax treatment that we currently enjoy could have a material and
                adverse effect on our result of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that we will
                be able to maintain or lower our current effective tax rate in the future.


                In addition, our PRC subsidiaries have received various financial subsidies from PRC local government
                authorities. The financial subsidies result from discretionary incentives and policies adopted by PRC
                local government authorities. Local governments may decide to change or discontinue such financial
                subsidies at any time. The discontinuation of such financial subsidies or imposition of any additional
                taxes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.




98   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


If we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification
could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established
outside of the PRC with a “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a PRC resident
enterprise. The implementation rules define the term “de facto management body” as the body that
exercises full and substantial control over and overall management of the business, productions,
personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In 2009, the State Taxation Administration
issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining
whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore
is located in China. Although Circular 82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC
enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners like us,
the criteria set forth in the circular may reflect the State Taxation Administration’s general position
on how the “de facto management body” test should be applied in determining the tax resident status
of all offshore enterprises. According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by
a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having
its “de facto management body” in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its
global income only if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day
operational management is in the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial and human
resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC;
(iii) the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and
shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50% of voting board
members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.


We believe that none of our entities outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax
purposes. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC
tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto
management body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a PRC resident enterprise for
enterprise income tax purposes, we will be subject to the enterprise income tax on our global income
at the rate of 25% and we will be required to comply with PRC enterprise income tax reporting
obligations. In addition, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax from interest or
dividends we pay to our shareholders that are non-PRC resident enterprises, including the holders
of our ADSs. In addition, non-PRC resident enterprise shareholders (including our ADS holders) may
be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 10% on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of our ADSs
or ordinary shares, if such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC. Furthermore, if PRC
tax authorities determine that we are a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes,
interest or dividends paid to our non-PRC individual shareholders (including our ADS holders) and any
gain realized on the transfer of the ADSs or ordinary shares by such holders may be subject to PRC
tax at a rate of 20% (which, in the case of interest or dividends, we may withhold at source), if such
gains are deemed to be from PRC sources. These rates may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty,
but it is unclear whether our non-PRC shareholders would be able to claim the benefits of any tax
treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated as a PRC
resident enterprise.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      99
      PART I


                 We may not be able to obtain certain benefits under tax arrangements on dividends paid by our
                 PRC subsidiaries to us through our Hong Kong subsidiary.

                 We are a holding company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and as such rely on
                 dividends and other distributions on equity from our PRC subsidiaries to satisfy part of our liquidity
                 requirements. Pursuant to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, a withholding tax rate of 10% currently
                 applies to dividends paid by a PRC “resident enterprise” to a foreign enterprise investor, unless any
                 such foreign investor’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for
                 preferential tax treatment. Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong
                 Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income, such
                 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5% if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no less than 25%
                 of a PRC enterprise. Furthermore, the Administrative Measures for Non-Resident Enterprises to Enjoy
                 Treatments under Treaties, which took effect in January 2020, require non-resident enterprises to
                 determine whether they are qualified to enjoy the preferential tax treatment under the tax treaties
                 and file report and materials with the tax authorities. There are also other conditions for enjoying the
                 reduced withholding tax rate according to other tax rules and regulations. See “Item 5. Operating and
                 Financial Review and Prospects – A. Operating Results – Taxation – PRC.” As of December 31, 2023,
                 most of our subsidiaries and the VIEs located in the PRC reported accumulated loss and therefore
                 they had no retained earnings for offshore distribution. In the future, we intend to re-invest all
                 earnings, if any, generated from our PRC subsidiaries for the operation and expansion of our business
                 in China. Should our tax policy change to allow for offshore distribution of our earnings, we would
                 be subject to a significant withholding tax. Our determination regarding our qualification to enjoy
                 the preferential tax treatment could be challenged by the tax authority and we may not be able to
                 complete the necessary filings with the tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of
                 5% under the arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by our PRC subsidiaries to our Hong
                 Kong subsidiary.


                 We face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident
                 enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies.

                 In February 2015, the State Taxation Administration issued the Circular on Issues of Enterprise
                 Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Circular 7. Circular
                 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect transfers but also transactions involving transfer
                 of other taxable assets, through the offshore transfer of a foreign intermediate holding company. In
                 addition, Circular 7 provides certain criteria on how to assess reasonable commercial purposes and
                 has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity
                 through a public securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor
                 and transferee (or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where
                 a non-resident enterprise conducts an “indirect transfer” by transferring the taxable assets indirectly
                 by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise
                 being the transferor, or the transferee, or the PRC entity which directly owned the taxable assets may
                 report to the tax authority such indirect transfer. Using a “substance over form” principle, the PRC
                 tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable
                 commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax.
                 As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax,
                 and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold



100   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of 10% for the transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise. On October 17, 2017, the State Taxation Administration issued Circular on Issues of Tax
Withholding regarding Non-PRC Resident Enterprise Income Tax, or Circular 37, which took effect on
December 1, 2017 and was amended on June 15, 2018. Circular 37 further clarifies the practice and
procedure of the withholding of nonresident enterprise income tax.


We face uncertainties on the reporting and consequences of future private equity financing
transactions, share exchanges or other transactions involving the transfer of shares in our company
by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises. The PRC tax authorities may pursue such non-
PRC resident enterprises with respect to a filing or the transferees with respect to withholding
obligations, and request our PRC subsidiaries to assist in the filing. As a result, we and non-PRC
resident enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject to filing obligations or
being taxed under Circular 7 and Circular 37, and may be required to expend valuable resources to
comply with them or to establish that we and our non-PRC resident enterprises should not be taxed
under these regulations, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.


If the authorized users of our non-tangible assets, including our corporate chops and seals, fail to
fulfill their responsibilities, or misuse these assets, our business could be materially and adversely
affected.

Under PRC law, legal documents for corporate transactions are executed using the chops or seal of
the signing entity or with the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and
filed with the branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation.


Although we usually utilize chops to enter into contracts, the designated legal representatives of each
of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs have the apparent authority to enter into contracts on behalf of
such entities without chops and bind such entities. All designated legal representatives of our PRC
subsidiaries and the VIEs are members of our senior management team who have signed employment
agreements with us or our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs under which they agree to abide by various
duties they owe to us. In order to maintain the physical security of our chops and chops of our PRC
entities, we generally store these items in secured locations accessible only by the authorized
personnel in the legal or finance department of each of our subsidiaries and the VIEs. Although we
monitor such authorized personnel, there is no assurance such procedures will prevent all instances
of abuse or negligence. Accordingly, if any of our authorized personnel misuse or misappropriate
our corporate chops or seals, we could encounter difficulties in maintaining control over the entities
and experience significant disruption to our operations. If a designated legal representative obtains
control of the chops in an effort to obtain control over any of our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs, we
or our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs would need to pass a new shareholders or board resolution to
designate a new legal representative and we would need to take legal action to seek the return of
the chops, apply for new chops with the authorities, or otherwise seek legal redress for the violation
of the representative’s fiduciary duties to us, which could involve significant time and resources and
divert management attention away from our regular business. In addition, the affected entity may not
be able to recover corporate assets that are sold or transferred out of our control in the event of such
a misappropriation if a transferee relies on the apparent authority of the representative and acts in
good faith.


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      101
      PART I


                 Our interest in leased property may be defective or subject to lien and our right to lease, own or
                 use the properties may be therefore challenged, which could cause significant disruption to our
                 business.

                 Under PRC laws, all lease agreements are required to be registered with the local housing authorities.
                 We presently lease several premises in China, some of which have not completed the registration of
                 the ownership rights or the registration of our leases with the authorities. Failure to complete these
                 required registrations may expose our landlords, lessors and us to potential monetary fines. If these
                 registrations are not obtained in a timely manner or at all, we may be subject to monetary fines or
                 may have to relocate our offices and incur the associated losses.


                 Some of the ownership certificates or other similar proof of certain leased properties have not been
                 provided to us by the lessors. Therefore, we cannot assure you that such lessors are entitled to lease
                 the real properties to us. If the lessors are not entitled to lease the real properties to us and the
                 owners of such real properties decline to ratify the lease agreements between us and the respective
                 lessors, we may not be able to enforce our rights to lease such properties under the respective lease
                 agreements against the owners. If our lease agreements are claimed as null and void by third parties
                 who are the real owners of such leased real properties, we could be required to vacate the properties,
                 in the event of which we could only initiate the claim against the lessors under lease agreements for
                 indemnities for their breach of the leasing agreements. In addition, we may not be able to renew our
                 existing lease agreements before their expiration dates, in which case we may be required to vacate
                 the properties. We cannot assure you that suitable alternative locations are readily available on
                 commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and if we are unable to relocate our operations in a timely
                 manner, our operations may be adversely affected.


                 Some of our PRC subsidiaries have incurred or will incur indebtedness and may, in connection
                 therewith, create mortgage, pledge or other lien over substantive operating assets, facilities or equity
                 interests of certain PRC subsidiaries as guarantee to their repayment of indebtedness or as counter
                 guarantee to third-party guarantors which provide guarantee to our PRC subsidiaries’ repayment
                 of indebtedness. In the event that the PRC subsidiaries fail to perform their repayment obligations,
                 or such guarantors perform their guarantee obligations, claims may be raised to our substantive
                 operating assets, facilities or equity interests of the PRC subsidiaries in question. If we cannot
                 continue to own or use such assets, facilities or equity interests, our operation may be adversely
                 affected.




102   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


RISKS RELATED TO OUR ADSS AND CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES
We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

The trading of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on March
10, 2022 under the stock code “9866.” As a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we are not subject to certain provisions of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 19C.11, including, among others, rules on notifiable
transactions, connected transactions, share option schemes, content of financial statements as
well as certain other continuing obligations. In addition, in connection with the listing of our Class
A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have applied for a number of waivers and/
or exemptions from strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Codes on Takeovers and
Mergers and Shares Buy-backs issued by the Securities and Futures Commission, and the Securities
and Futures Ordinance. As a result, we will adopt different practices as to those matters as compared
with other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those exemptions or
waivers.


Our articles of association are specific to us and include certain provisions that may be different
from the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and common practices in Hong Kong.
In particular, in our amended articles of associations put forth in the first annual general meeting
after the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, or the First AGM,
we refer to the Relevant Period as the period commencing from the date on which any of our Class
A ordinary shares first become secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to and including
the date immediately before the day which the secondary listing is withdrawn from the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange. For example, in order to comply with applicable Hong Kong Listing Rules, during
the Relevant Period, (i) NIO Users Trust will not have any director nomination right; (ii) our company
shall have only one class of shares with enhanced or weighted voting rights; (iii) our directors shall
not have the power to, amongst others, authorize share split or designate a new share class with
enhanced or weighted voting rights; and (iv) certain restrictions on the weighted voting right structure
of our company under Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules shall be applicable, such as,
amongst others, no further increase in the proportion of WVR shares, that only a director or a director
holding vehicle is permitted to hold WVR shares and automatic conversion of WVR shares into Class A
ordinary shares under certain circumstances.


Notwithstanding the above and at any time after the Relevant Period, the provisions which are subject
to the Relevant Period will continue to apply in the circumstances where the Company has a change
of listing status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange other than in the case where the secondary listing
of the Company is withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the applicable Hong
Kong Listing Rules.


Given certain shareholder protection under the Hong Kong Listing Rules will only be applicable during
the Relevant Period, our investors may be afforded less protection after the Relevant Period under
our amended articles of association adopted in the First AGM as compared with other companies
secondarily listed in Hong Kong.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      103
      PART I


                 We may only cease to be secondary listed under Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules under
                 one of the following situations:


                 •   withdrawal, in the case where we are primary listed on another stock exchange and voluntarily
                     withdraw our secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;


                 •   migration of the majority of trading to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets, in the case where
                     the majority of trading in our listed shares migrates to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets
                     on a permanent basis;


                 •   primary conversion, i.e., our voluntary conversion to a dual-primary listing on the Hong Kong Stock
                     Exchange;


                 •   overseas de-listing, where our shares or depositary receipts issued on our shares cease to be
                     listed on the stock exchange which we are primary listed;


                 •   if the Hong Kong Stock Exchange cancels the listing of our securities; and


                 •   if the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong directs the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to
                     cancel the listing of our securities.


                 The scenarios under which we may cease to be secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                 are subject to the changing market conditions, our listing or de-listing in other jurisdictions, our
                 compliance with the listing rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and other factors beyond our
                 control. As a result, there are substantial uncertainties relating to applicability of the shareholders’
                 rights and protection under the aforementioned provisions of our amended articles of association put
                 forth in the First AGM particularly in the case where the Company de-lists from the Hong Kong Stock
                 Exchange.


                 As we are listed as a Non-Grandfathered Greater China Issuer pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong
                 Kong Listing Rules, our articles of association must comply with the requirements of the Hong Kong
                 Listing Rules unless waived by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We have put forth resolutions to our
                 shareholders at our first general meeting convened on August 25, 2022 to amend certain provisions of
                 our articles in order to comply with the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


                 Furthermore, if 55% or more of the total worldwide trading volume, by dollar value, of our Class
                 A ordinary shares and ADSs over our most recent fiscal year takes place on the Hong Kong Stock
                 Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will regard us as having a dual primary listing in Hong
                 Kong and we will no longer enjoy certain exemptions or waivers from strict compliance with the
                 requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Shares
                 Buy-backs and the Securities and Futures Ordinance, which could result in us having to amend our
                 corporate structure and articles of association and we may incur of incremental compliance costs.




104   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


If we change the listing venue of our securities, you may lose the shareholder protection
mechanisms afforded under the regulatory regimes of the applicable securities exchange.

As a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
Singapore Exchange, we are subject to various listing standards and requirements that are aimed
at protecting your rights as shareholders of our company, subject to certain permitted exceptions
applicable to foreign companies. For example, after our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, our
thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires that there should
only be one class of shares with enhanced voting rights, and that certain reserved matters under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules are required to be voted on a one vote per share basis at the general
meetings. In the event that we reduce the number of shares in issue, the holders of WVR shares shall
reduce their voting rights in the Company proportionately through a conversion of a portion of their
Class C shares or otherwise. If we choose to change the listing venue of our securities, including
delisting from either exchanges, you may lose the shareholder protection mechanisms afforded
under the regulatory regimes of the applicable securities exchange. In particular, various factors will
be taken into consideration by the Company in relation to the circumstances under which it may be
considered not desirable or viable for the shares to remain listed on a certain stock exchange, such
as the then regulatory environment of the listing venue, whether the additional compliance burden
arisen by remaining listed in a particular stock exchange will be unduly burdensome for the Company
to further its interest, realize its vision or implementing certain business plans.


The trading prices of our listed securities have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which
could result in substantial losses to investors.

The trading prices of our listed securities have been and are likely to continue to be volatile and
could fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For
example, in 2023, the trading price of our ADSs ranged from a low of US$7.15 to a high of US$15.46;
the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ranged from
a low of HK$55.35 to a high of HK$122.60; the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares listed on
the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange ranged from a low of US$7.07 to a high of US$15.78. The
market price for our listed securities may continue to be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in
response to factors including, but not limited to, the following:


•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and cash flows;


•   changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;


•   conditions in automotive markets;




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   105
      PART I


                 •   changes in the operating performance or market valuations of other automotive companies;


                 •   announcements we or our competitors made of new products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
                     joint ventures or capital commitments;


                 •   addition or departure of key personnel;


                 •   fluctuations of exchange rates between RMB and the U.S. dollar;


                 •   litigation, government investigation or other legal or regulatory proceeding;


                 •   release of lock-up and other transfer restrictions on our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs, issuance
                     of ADSs or ordinary shares upon conversion of the convertible notes we issued, or any ordinary
                     shares or sales of additional ADSs;


                 •   any actual or alleged illegal acts of our shareholders or management;


                 •   any share repurchase program; and


                 •   general economic or political conditions in China or elsewhere in the world.


                 Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our
                 Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will trade.


                 In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for companies with operations in China
                 in particular, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance
                 of such companies. The securities of some China-based companies that have listed their securities
                 in the United States have experienced significant volatility since their initial public offerings in recent
                 years, including, in some cases, substantial declines in the trading prices of their securities. The
                 trading performances of these companies’ securities after their offerings may affect the attitudes of
                 investors towards Chinese companies listed in the United States in general, which consequently may
                 impact the trading performance of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, regardless of our actual
                 operating performance. In addition, any negative news or perceptions about inadequate corporate
                 governance practices or fraudulent accounting, corporate structure or other matters of other
                 Chinese companies may also negatively affect the attitudes of investors towards Chinese companies
                 in general, including us, regardless of whether we have engaged in any inappropriate activities. In
                 particular, the global financial crisis and the ensuing economic recessions in many countries have
                 contributed and may continue to contribute to extreme volatility in the global stock markets. These
                 broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary
                 shares and/or ADSs. Volatility or a lack of positive performance in our Class A ordinary shares and/
                 or ADSs price may also adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, most of whom have been
                 granted options or other equity incentives.




106   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they
adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, the
market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will be influenced by research or
reports that industry or securities analysts publish about our business. If one or more analysts
who cover us downgrade our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, the market price for our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover us
or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in
turn could cause the market price or trading volume for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to
decline.


Our dual-class voting structure will limit the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs to
influence corporate matters, provide certain shareholders of ours with substantial influence and
could discourage others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class
A ordinary shares and ADSs may view as beneficial.

We had historically adopted a triple-class voting structure such that our ordinary shares consisted
of Class A ordinary shares, Class B ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares. Upon the listing of
our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, all of our Class B ordinary shares,
which used to be beneficially owned by Tencent entities, namely, Image Frame Investment (HK)
Limited and Mount Putuo Investment Limited, were converted to Class A ordinary shares pursuant to
the conversion notice delivered by the shareholders. The shareholding structure of Class B ordinary
shares and provisions related to Class B ordinary shares have been removed in our thirteenth
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, approved by our shareholders at
the annual general meeting held on August 25, 2022. Currently, our ordinary shares consist of Class A
ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary
shares have the same rights other than voting and conversion rights. Each holder of our Class A
ordinary shares is entitled to one vote per share, and each holder of our Class C ordinary shares is
entitled to eight votes per share on all matters submitted to them for a vote. Our Class A ordinary
shares and Class C ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote
of our shareholders, except as may otherwise be required by law. Each Class C ordinary share is
convertible into one Class A ordinary share, whereas Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into
Class C ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any transfer of Class C ordinary shares by a
holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder, such Class C ordinary
shares are automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class A ordinary
shares.


As of the date of this annual report, Mr. Bin Li, our founder, chairman and chief executive officer,
together with his affiliates, beneficially own all of our issued Class C ordinary shares. Due to the
disparate voting powers associated with our multi classes of ordinary shares, Mr. Li has considerable
influence over important corporate matters. As of March 31, 2024, Mr. Li beneficially owned
approximately 38.5% of the aggregate voting power of our company through mobike Global Ltd.
and Originalwish Limited, companies wholly owned by Mr. Li, through NIO Users Limited, a holding
company ultimately controlled by Mr. Li and through NIO Users Community Limited, a company wholly
owned by NIO Users Limited. Mr. Li has considerable influence over matters requiring shareholder



                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      107
      PART I


                 approval, including electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
                 combination transactions. This concentrated control will limit the ability of the holders of our Class
                 A ordinary shares and ADSs to influence corporate matters and could also discourage others from
                 pursuing any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction, which could have
                 the effect of depriving the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs of the opportunity to
                 sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price. Moreover, Mr. Li may increase the
                 concentration of his voting power and/or share ownership in the future, which may, among other
                 consequences, decrease the liquidity in our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs.


                 Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market price of our ADSs.

                 Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed
                 from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to
                 the lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the
                 sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller
                 expects to pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is in the short seller’s interest
                 for the price of the security to decline, many short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of,
                 negative opinions regarding the issuer and its business prospects in order to create negative market
                 momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a security short. These short attacks
                 have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market.


                 Public companies listed in the United States that have a substantial majority of their operations
                 in China have been the subject of short selling. Much of the scrutiny and negative publicity have
                 centered on allegations of a lack of effective internal control over financial reporting resulting in
                 financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes, inadequate corporate governance policies
                 or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result, many of these
                 companies are now conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations and, in the
                 interim, are subject to shareholder lawsuits and/or SEC enforcement actions.


                 On June 28, 2022, Grizzly Research LLC issued a short seller report that made certain allegations
                 against us. On June 29, 2022, we announced that our board of directors, including the audit
                 committee, was reviewing the allegations and considering the appropriate course of action to
                 protect the interests of all shareholders. On July 11, 2022, our board of directors, including the audit
                 committee of our board, decided to form an independent committee, consisting of independent
                 directors Mr. Denny Ting Bun Lee, Mr. Hai Wu, and Ms. Yu Long, to oversee an independent internal
                 review regarding the key allegations made in the short seller report. The internal review was
                 performed by the independent committee with the assistance of third-party professional advisors
                 including an international law firm and forensic accounting experts from a well-regarded forensic
                 accounting firm that is not our auditor. On August 26, 2022, we announced that the internal review
                 was substantially completed. Based on findings of the internal review, the independent committee
                 has concluded that the allegations in the short seller report were not substantiated.




108   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


We may be the subject of unfavorable allegations made by short sellers again in the future. Any such
allegations may be followed by periods of instability in the market price of our ordinary shares and
ADSs and negative publicity. If and when we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations,
whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue, we would have to expend a significant
amount of resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend ourselves. While we would strongly
defend against any meritless short seller attacks, we may be constrained in the manner in which we
can proceed against the short seller by principles of freedom of speech, applicable federal or state
law or issues of commercial confidentiality. Moreover, while an internal investigation is ongoing
and to ensure that its findings are reached independently without undue influence, we may also
be constrained in our ability to offer a public rebuttal immediately even if the allegation can, in our
view, be readily rebutted. Such a situation could be costly and time-consuming and could distract
our management from growing our business. Even if such allegations are ultimately proven to be
groundless, allegations against us could severely impact our business operations and shareholders’
equity, and the value of any investment in our ADSs could be greatly reduced or rendered worthless.


The sale or availability for sale of substantial amounts of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs
could adversely affect their market price.

Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the public market, or
the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs and could materially impair our ability to raise capital through equity
offerings in the future. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of securities held by our
significant shareholders or any other shareholder or the availability of these securities for future
sale will have on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. In addition, certain
holders of our existing shareholders are entitled to certain registration rights, including demand
registration rights, piggyback registration rights, and Form F-3 or Form S-3 registration rights.
Registration of these shares under the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, would result in
these shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon
the effectiveness of the registration. Sales of these registered shares in the public market, or the
perception that such sales could occur, could cause the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or
ADSs to decline.


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, the holders of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs must rely on price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares and/or
ADSs for return on their investment.

We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to fund
the development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in our Class A ordinary
shares and/or ADSs as a source for any future dividend income.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      109
      PART I


                 Our board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board
                 of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends,
                 if any, will depend on our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and
                 surplus, the amount of distributions, if any, that we received from our subsidiaries, our financial
                 condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.
                 Accordingly, the return to ADS holders will likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of
                 our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. There is no guarantee that our Class A ordinary shares and/
                 or ADSs will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which Class A ordinary shares and/or
                 ADS holders purchased the Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. Our Class A ordinary shares and/or
                 ADS holders may not realize a return on their investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs
                 and they may even lose their entire investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


                 There can be no assurance that we will not be classified as a passive foreign investment company,
                 or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year, which could result in adverse
                 U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.

                 A non-U.S. corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a passive foreign investment
                 company, or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year if either (i) 75% or more
                 of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of “passive” income; or (ii) 50% or more of
                 the value of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is
                 attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income.


                 Although the law in this regard is not entirely clear, we treat the VIEs as being owned by us for U.S.
                 federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions and are entitled
                 to substantially all of the economic benefits associated with these entities, and as a result, we
                 consolidate their results of operations in our consolidated U.S. GAAP financial statements. If it were
                 determined, however, that we do not own the VIEs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be
                 treated as a PFIC for the current taxable year and any subsequent taxable year.


                 Assuming that we are the owner of the VIEs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and based upon
                 our current and expected income and assets, we do not believe that we were a PFIC for the taxable
                 year ended December 31, 2023. However, no assurance can be given that we will not be or become
                 a PFIC in the current or future taxable years because the determination of whether we will be or
                 become a PFIC is a factual determination made annually that will depend, in part, upon the nature
                 and composition of our income and assets (in particular, the retention of substantial amounts of
                 cash and investments). Fluctuations in the market price of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares
                 may cause us to be classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years because the value of
                 our assets for purposes of the asset test, including the value of our goodwill and other unbooked
                 intangibles, may be determined by reference to the market price of our ADSs or Class A ordinary
                 shares, which may be volatile. In particular, recent declines in the market price of the ADSs and Class
                 A ordinary shares increased our risk of becoming a PFIC. The market price of the ADSs and Class A
                 ordinary shares may continue to fluctuate considerably and, consequently, we cannot assure you of
                 our PFIC status for any taxable year. Furthermore, the composition of our income and assets may
                 also be affected by how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets. Under circumstances where our




110   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


passive income significantly increases relative to our non-passive income, or where we determine
not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of becoming classified as a
PFIC may substantially increase. If we were to be or become a PFIC for any taxable year during which
a U.S. holder holds our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax
consequences could apply to such U.S. holders.


Our memorandum and articles of association contain anti-takeover provisions that could have a
material adverse effect on the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs.

Our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions
that have the potential to limit the ability of others to acquire control of our company or cause us to
engage in change-of-control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our
shareholders of an opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by
discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar
transaction. Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders,
to issue preferred shares in one or more series and to fix their designations, powers, preferences,
privileges, and relative participating, optional or special rights and the qualifications, limitations or
restrictions, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption
and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights associated with our
ordinary shares, in the form of ADS or otherwise. Preferred shares could be issued quickly with terms
calculated to delay or prevent a change in control of our company or make removal of management
more difficult. If our board of directors decides to issue preferred shares, the price of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall and the voting and other rights of the holders of our Class A
ordinary shares and ADSs may be materially and adversely affected.


Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and ability to protect their
rights through U.S. courts may be limited, because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Our corporate
affairs are governed by our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, or the Companies Act, and the
common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors,
actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The
common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent
in the Cayman Islands as well as from the common law of England, the decisions of whose courts
are of persuasive authority, but are not binding, on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our
shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not
as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions
in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities laws
than the United States. Some U.S. states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially
interpreted bodies of corporate law than the Cayman Islands. In addition, with respect to Cayman
Islands companies, plaintiffs may face special obstacles, including but not limited to those relating
to jurisdiction and standing, in attempting to assert derivative claims in state or federal courts of the
United States.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      111
      PART I


                 Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like us have no general rights under Cayman
                 Islands law to inspect corporate records (except for our memorandum and articles of association and
                 our register of mortgages and charges) or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders of these companies.
                 Our directors have discretion under our articles of association to determine whether or not, and under
                 what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged
                 to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for our shareholders to
                 obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit
                 proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest.


                 As a Cayman Islands company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, we are subject to the NYSE
                 corporate governance listing standards. However, the NYSE corporate governance listing standards
                 permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate governance practices of its home
                 country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home country,
                 may differ significantly from the NYSE corporate governance listing standards.


                 Pursuant to Sections 303A.01, 303A.04, 303A.05, 303A.07 and 302.00 of the New York Stock Exchange
                 Listed Company Manual, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange must have a majority
                 of independent directors, a nominating and corporate governance committee composed entirely of
                 independent directors, a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and an
                 audit committee with a minimum of three members, and must hold an annual shareholders’ meeting
                 during each fiscal year. We currently follow our home country practice in lieu of these requirements.
                 We may also continue to rely on these and other exemptions available to foreign private issuers in
                 the future, and to the extent that we choose to do so in the future, our shareholders may be afforded
                 less protection than they otherwise would under the NYSE corporate governance listing standards
                 applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. As a result, you may not be afforded the same protections or
                 information, which would be made available to you, were you investing in a United States domestic
                 issuer.


                 It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within
                 China and it may also be challenging to export evidence from China for use in litigation.

                 Shareholder claims or regulatory investigations that are common in the United States generally
                 are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are
                 significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations
                 or litigation initiated outside China. With respect to foreign regulatory investigations, although the
                 authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory
                 authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration,
                 such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the United States may not be efficient in
                 the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of
                 the PRC Securities Law, which took effect in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed
                 to directly conduct investigations or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While
                 detailed interpretation of or implementation rules under this article have yet to be promulgated, the
                 inability of an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigations or evidence collection
                 activities within China may further increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests.
                 With respect to both foreign regulatory investigations and foreign litigation, Article 36 of the PRC




112   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                  PART I


Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021, provides that any organization or individual
within the territory of the PRC shall not provide any foreign judicial authority and law enforcement
with any data stored within the territory of the PRC without the approval of the competent authority
of the PRC. Since detailed interpretation of or implementation rules under this article have yet to be
promulgated, the ambiguity of “competent authority” for approving data exportation and its relations
with other applicable legal provisions including Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law may further
increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests.


ADS holders may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect to claims arising under the deposit
agreements, which could result in less favorable outcomes to the plaintiff(s) in any such action.

The deposit agreement governing the ADSs representing our Class A ordinary shares provides that,
subject to the depositary’s right to require a claim to be submitted to arbitration, the federal or
state courts in the City of New York have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine claims arising
under the deposit agreement and in that regard, to the fullest extent permitted by law, ADS holders
waive the right to a jury trial of any claim they may have against us or the depositary arising out of or
relating to our Class A ordinary shares, the ADSs or the deposit agreement, including any claim under
the U.S. federal securities laws.


If we or the depositary opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine
whether the waiver was enforceable based on the facts and circumstances of that case in accordance
with the applicable state and federal law. To our knowledge, the enforceability of a contractual pre-
dispute jury trial waiver in connection with claims arising under the federal securities laws has not
been finally adjudicated by the United States Supreme Court. However, we believe that a contractual
pre-dispute jury trial waiver provision is generally enforceable, including under the laws of the State
of New York, which govern the deposit agreement. In determining whether to enforce a contractual
pre-dispute jury trial waiver provision, courts will generally consider whether a party knowingly,
intelligently and voluntarily waived the right to a jury trial. We believe that this is the case with respect
to the deposit agreement and the ADSs. It is advisable that you consult legal counsel regarding the
jury waiver provision before investing in the ADSs.


If any of the holders or beneficial owners of ADSs bring a claim against us or the depositary in
connection with matters arising under the deposit agreement or the ADSs, including claims under
federal securities laws, such holder or beneficial owner may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect
to such claims, which may have the effect of limiting and discouraging lawsuits against us and/
or the depositary, lead to increased costs to bring a claim, limited access to information and other
imbalances of resources between such holder and us, or limit such holder’s ability to bring a claim
in a judicial forum that such holder finds favorable. If a lawsuit is brought against us and/or the
depositary under the deposit agreement, it may be heard only by a judge or justice of the applicable
trial court, which would be conducted according to different civil procedures and may result in
different outcomes than a trial by jury would have had, including results that could be less favorable
to the plaintiff(s) in any such action.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       113
      PART I


                 Nevertheless, if this jury trial waiver provision is not enforced, to the extent a court action proceeds,
                 it would proceed under the terms of the deposit agreement with a jury trial. No condition, stipulation
                 or provision of the deposit agreement or ADSs shall relieve us or the depositary from our respective
                 obligations to comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act nor serve as a waiver by any
                 holder or beneficial owner of ADSs of compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules
                 and regulations promulgated thereunder.


                 Certain judgments obtained against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable.

                 We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and the majority of our assets are located outside of
                 the United States. The most significant portion of our operations are conducted in China. In addition,
                 a majority of our current directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than
                 the United States. Substantially all of the assets of these persons may be located outside the United
                 States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for our shareholders to bring an action against
                 us or against these individuals in the United States in the event that such shareholders believe that
                 their rights have been infringed under the U.S. federal securities laws or otherwise. Even if such
                 shareholders are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands and of
                 China may render them unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors
                 and officers.


                 We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Exchange Act, and as such
                 we are exempt from certain provisions applicable to United States domestic public companies.

                 Because we are a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain
                 provisions of the securities rules and regulations in the United States that are applicable to U.S.
                 domestic issuers, including:


                 •   the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or current
                     reports on Form 8-K with the SEC;


                 •   the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents, or authorizations
                     in respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act;


                 •   the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their stock ownership
                     and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of
                     time; and


                 •   the selective disclosure rules by issuers of material nonpublic information under Regulation FD.




114   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We are required to file an annual report on Form 20-F within four months of the end of each fiscal
year. In addition, we intend to publish our results on a quarterly basis through press releases,
distributed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange. Press releases
relating to financial results and material events will also be furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K.
However, the information we are required to file with or furnish to the SEC will be less extensive and
less timely than that required to be filed with the SEC by U.S. domestic issuers. As a result, you may
not be afforded the same protections or information that would be made available to you were you
investing in a U.S. domestic issuer.


The voting rights of holders of ADSs are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement, and they
may not be able to exercise their right to vote their Class A ordinary shares.

Holders of our ADSs will only be able to exercise the voting rights with respect to the underlying Class
A ordinary shares in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement, dated as of September
11, 2018 by and among NIO Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as ADS depositary, and the
holders and beneficial owners of the ADSs issued thereunder and the deposit agreement for restricted
securities, dated as of February 4, 2019 by and among NIO Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as depositary, and the holders and beneficial owners of the restricted ADSs issued
thereunder (each, as the context requires and applicable to a particular ADS holder, the “deposit
agreement”). Under the deposit agreement, ADS holders must vote by giving voting instructions to the
depositary. If we ask for instructions of ADS holders, then upon receipt of such voting instructions,
the depositary will try to vote the underlying Class A ordinary shares in accordance with these
instructions. If we do not instruct the depositary to ask for instructions of ADS holders, the depositary
may still vote in accordance with instructions given by holders of ADSs, but it is not required to do
so. ADS holders will not be able to directly exercise their right to vote with respect to the underlying
shares unless they withdraw the shares. When a general meeting is convened, an ADS holder may
not receive sufficient advance notice to withdraw the shares underlying his or her ADSs to allow
such holder to vote with respect to any specific matter. If we ask for instructions of holders of ADSs,
the depositary will notify ADS holders of the upcoming vote and will arrange to deliver our voting
materials to ADS holders. We have agreed to give the depositary at least 30 days’ prior notice of
shareholders’ meetings. Nevertheless, we cannot assure you that ADS holders will receive the voting
materials in time to ensure that ADS holders can instruct the depositary to vote their shares. In
addition, the depositary and its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions
or for their manner of carrying out ADS holders’ voting instructions. This means that an ADS holder
may not be able to exercise the right to vote and may have no legal remedy if the shares underlying
his or her ADSs are not voted as such holder requested.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      115
      PART I


                 The depositary for our ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our Class A ordinary shares
                 underlying the ADSs if the holders of such ADSs do not vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in
                 limited circumstances, which could adversely affect the interests of our ADS holders.

                 Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, if any holder of the ADSs does not vote, the depositary
                 will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our Class A ordinary shares underlying such ADSs at
                 shareholders’ meetings unless:


                 •   we have failed to timely provide the depositary with notice of meeting and related voting materials;


                 •   we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


                 •   we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on
                     at the meeting;


                 •   a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders; or


                 •   the voting at the meeting is to be made on a show of hands.


                 The effect of this discretionary proxy is that if any such holder of the ADSs does not vote at
                 shareholders’ meetings, such holder cannot prevent our Class A ordinary shares underlying such
                 ADSs from being voted, except under the circumstances described above. This may make it more
                 difficult for shareholders to influence the management of our company. Holders of our Class A
                 ordinary shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.


                 An ADS holder’s right to pursue claims against the depositary is limited by the terms of the deposit
                 agreement.

                 Under the deposit agreement, any action or proceeding against or involving the depositary, arising
                 out of or based upon the deposit agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby or by virtue of
                 owning the ADSs may only be instituted in a state or federal court in New York, New York, and a holder
                 of our ADSs, will have irrevocably waived any objection which such holder may have to the laying of
                 venue of any such proceeding, and irrevocably submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts
                 in any such action or proceeding. However, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce
                 this exclusive jurisdiction provision. Furthermore, investors cannot waive compliance with the U.S.
                 federal securities laws and rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.


                 The depositary may, in its sole discretion, require that any dispute or difference arising from the
                 relationship created by the deposit agreement be referred to and finally settled by an arbitration
                 conducted under the terms described in the deposit agreement, although the arbitration provisions
                 do not preclude an ADS holder from pursuing claims under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act in
                 state or federal courts. Furthermore, if an ADS holder is unsuccessful in such arbitration, such holder
                 may be responsible for the fees of the arbitrator and other costs incurred by the parties in connection
                 with such arbitration pursuant to the deposit agreement. Also, we may amend or terminate the
                 deposit agreement without the consent of any ADS holder. If an ADS holder continues to hold its
                 ADSs after an amendment to the deposit agreement, such holder agrees to be bound by the deposit
                 agreement as amended.


116   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Our ADS holders may not receive dividends or other distributions on our Class A ordinary shares
and the ADS holders may not receive any value for them, if it is illegal or impractical to make them
available to the ADS holders.

The depositary of our ADSs has agreed to pay the ADS holders the cash dividends or other
distributions it or the custodian receives on Class A ordinary shares or other deposited securities
underlying our ADSs, after deducting its fees and expenses. Our ADS holders will receive these
distributions in proportion to the number of Class A ordinary shares the underlying ADSs represent.
However, the depositary is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impractical to make a
distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution
to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act but
that are not properly registered or distributed under an applicable exemption from registration.
The depositary may also determine that it is not feasible to distribute certain property through the
mail. Additionally, the value of certain distributions may be less than the cost of mailing them. In
these cases, the depositary may determine not to distribute such property. We have no obligation
to register under U.S. securities laws any ADSs, Class A ordinary shares, rights or other securities
received through such distributions. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the
distribution of ADSs, Class A ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of ADSs. This means
that our ADS holders may not receive distributions we make on our Class A ordinary shares or any
value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to the ADS holders. These
restrictions may cause a material decline in the value of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.


Our ADS holders may experience dilution of their holdings due to inability to participate in rights
offerings.

We may, from time to time, distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities.
Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the
distribution and sale of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from
registration under the Securities Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the
provisions of the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not required to, attempt to sell these
undistributed rights to third parties, and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be unable to establish
an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to endeavor to have a
registration statement declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate
in our rights offerings and may experience dilution of their holdings as a result.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023     117
      PART I


                 We may need additional capital, and the sale of additional Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs or
                 other equity securities could result in additional dilution to our shareholders, and the incurrence of
                 additional indebtedness could increase our debt service obligations.

                 We may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, strategic acquisitions
                 or other future developments. If these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we
                 may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit facilities. The sale of
                 additional equity and equity-linked securities could result in additional dilution to our shareholders.
                 The sale of substantial amounts of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs (including upon
                 conversion of our convertible notes) could dilute the interests of our shareholders and ADS holders
                 and adversely impact the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. The incurrence
                 of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and
                 financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that financing will be
                 available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.


                 Future sales or issuances, or perceived future sales or issuances, of substantial amounts of our
                 ordinary shares or ADSs could adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADS.

                 If our existing shareholders sell, or are perceived as intending to sell, substantial amounts of our
                 ordinary shares or ADSs, including those issued upon the exercise of our outstanding stock options,
                 the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs could fall. Such sales, or perceived
                 potential sales, by our existing shareholders might make it more difficult for us to issue new equity or
                 equity-related securities in the future at a time and place we deem appropriate. Ordinary shares held
                 by our existing shareholders may be sold in the public market in the future subject to the restrictions
                 contained in Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act and the applicable lock-up agreements.
                 If any existing shareholder or shareholders sell a substantial amount of ordinary shares after the
                 expiration of the applicable lock-up periods, the prevailing market price for our Class A ordinary
                 shares and/or ADSs could be adversely affected.


                 In addition, certain of our shareholders or their transferees and assignees will have the right
                 to cause us to register the sale of their shares under the Securities Act upon the occurrence of
                 certain circumstances. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these
                 shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the
                 effectiveness of the registration.


                 Our ADS holders may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.

                 Our ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its
                 books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance
                 of its duties. The depositary may close its books from time to time for a number of reasons, including
                 in connection with corporate events such as a rights offering, during which time the depositary needs
                 to maintain an exact number of ADS holders on its books for a specified period. The depositary may
                 also close its books in emergencies, and on weekends and public holidays. The depositary may refuse
                 to deliver, transfer or register transfers of our ADSs generally when our share register or the books of
                 the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary thinks it is advisable to do so because
                 of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the
                 deposit agreement, or for any other reason.



118   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


The different characteristics of the capital markets in the U.S., Hong Kong and Singapore may
negatively affect the trading prices of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.

We are subject to the U.S., Hong Kong and Singapore listing and regulatory requirements
concurrently. The NYSE, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Singapore Exchange have different trading
hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and
investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these
differences, the trading prices of our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs may not be the same, even
allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar
to the U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary
shares, or vice versa. Certain events having significant negative impact specifically on the U.S. capital
markets may result in a decline in the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares notwithstanding
that such event may not impact the trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong and Singapore
generally or to the same extent, or vice versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S.,
Hong Kong and Singapore capital markets, the historical market prices of our ADSs may not be
indicative of the trading performance of our Class A ordinary shares after the listing of our Class A
ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Singapore Exchange.


Exchange between our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs may adversely affect the liquidity
and/or trading price of each other.

Our ADSs are currently traded on NYSE. Subject to compliance with U.S. securities law and the terms
of the Deposit Agreement, holders of our Class A ordinary shares may deposit Class A ordinary shares
with the depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may also surrender
ADSs and withdraw the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs pursuant to
the terms of the Deposit Agreement for trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or the Singapore
Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are deposited with the
depositary in exchange for ADSs or vice versa, the liquidity and trading price of our Class A ordinary
shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or the Singapore Exchange and our ADSs on NYSE may be
adversely affected.


The time required for the exchange between Class A ordinary shares and ADSs might be longer than
expected and investor might not be able to settle or effect any sale of their securities during this
period, and the exchange of Class A ordinary shares into ADSs involves costs.

There is no direct trading or settlement between the NYSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or the
Singapore Exchange on which our ADSs and our Class A ordinary shares are respectively traded. In
addition, the time differences between New York and Hong Kong or Singapore, unforeseen market
circumstances or other factors may delay the deposit of Class A ordinary shares in exchange for ADSs
or the withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs. Investors will be prevented from
settling or effecting the sale of their securities during such periods of delay. In addition, there is no
assurance that any exchange for Class A ordinary shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be completed
in accordance with the timelines that investors may anticipate. Furthermore, the depositary for the
ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for the issuance of ADSs upon
deposit of Class A ordinary shares, cancelation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions,
distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. As a result, shareholders who
exchange Class A ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not achieve the level of economic
return the shareholders may anticipate.


                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      119
      PART I


      ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY
                 A. History and Development of the Company

                    We were founded in November 2014, as Nextev Inc., which was changed to our current name NIO
                    Inc. in July 2017. Significant milestones in our development since 2023 include the following:


                    •   In July 2023, we closed the US$738.5 million strategic equity investment from CYVN
                        Investments RSC Ltd, or CYVN Investments, an affiliate of CYVN Holdings L.L.C., which is an
                        investment vehicle based in Abu Dhabi. CYVN Investments invested US$738.5 million in cash
                        to subscribe 84,695,543 newly issued Class A ordinary shares of our company at a per share
                        purchase price of US$8.72. In July 2023, CYVN Investments also acquired 40,137,614 Class
                        A ordinary shares of our company from an affiliate of Tencent for an aggregate consideration
                        of US$350 million. In December 2023, we closed the additional US$2.2 billion strategic equity
                        investment from CYVN Investments. CYVN Investments invested an aggregate of US$2.2 billion
                        in cash to subscribe for 294,000,000 newly issued Class A ordinary shares of our company at
                        a per share purchase price of US$7.50. Following these transactions, CYVN Investments in
                        aggregate beneficially owns approximately 20.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares.


                    •   In September and October 2023, we issued US$575 million aggregate principal amount
                        of 3.875% convertible senior notes due 2029, or the 2029 Notes, and US$575 million
                        aggregate principal amount of 4.625% convertible senior notes due 2030, or the 2030 Notes.
                        Shortly after the pricing of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes, we purchased, in separate
                        privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the initial purchasers and its
                        affiliates, approximately US$256 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes and
                        approximately US$244 million aggregate principal amount the 2027 Notes for cash using the
                        net proceeds from the offering of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes.


                    •   In February 2024, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to the 2026 Notes.
                        US$300.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were validly surrendered
                        and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the repurchase right offer. Following settlement
                        of the repurchase, US$912,000.00 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes remained
                        outstanding and continue to be subject to the existing terms of the indenture and the 2026
                        Notes.


                    Our principal executive offices are located at Building 19, No. 1355, Caobao Road, Minhang
                    District, Shanghai, PRC. Our telephone number at this address is +86-21-6908-2018. Our
                    registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Maples Corporate Services
                    Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. Our agent for
                    service of process in the United States is Puglisi & Associates, located at 850 Library Avenue, Suite
                    204, Newark, Delaware 19711. We maintain our website at http://ir.nio.com/. The information
                    contained on, or linked from, our website is not a part of this annual report.


                    The SEC maintains a web site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information
                    statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC using its
                    EDGAR system.


                    See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – B. Liquidity and Capital Resources –
                    Capital Expenditures” for a discussion of our capital expenditures.

120   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


B. Business Overview

   Our Chinese name, Weilai (蔚來), which means Blue Sky Coming, reflects our commitment to a
   more environmentally friendly future.


   We are a pioneer and a leading company in the premium smart electric vehicle market. We
   design, develop, manufacture, and sell premium smart electric vehicles, driving innovations in
   next-generation technologies in assisted and intelligent driving, digital technologies, electric
   powertrains and batteries. We differentiate ourselves through our continuous technological
   breakthroughs and innovations, such as our industry-leading battery swapping technologies,
   Battery as a Service, or BaaS, as well as our proprietary NIO assisted and intelligent driving and its
   subscription services.


  Our Vehicles

   We design, develop, manufacture and sell our vehicles in the premium smart electric vehicle
   market. We currently offer our products and services in China, Norway, Germany, the Netherlands,
   Denmark and Sweden and plan to expand into more global markets to capture the fast-growing EV
   demand.


   We introduced the EP9 supercar in 2016, which was the then fastest electric vehicle, setting
   the Nurburgring Nordschleife all-electric vehicle lap record. Starting from December 2017, we
   launched a succession of well-positioned vehicle models and established a competitive product
   portfolio, including the ES8, a six-seater smart electric flagship SUV, the ES7 (or the EL7), a mid-
   large five-seater smart electric SUV, the ES6 (or the EL6), a five-seater all-round smart electric
   SUV, the EC7, a five-seater smart electric flagship coupe SUV, the EC6, a five-seater smart electric
   coupe SUV, the ET9, a smart electric executive flagship, the ET7, a smart electric flagship sedan,
   the ET5, a mid-size smart electric sedan, and the ET5T, a smart electric tourer.


   In 2023, we completed our product lineup on the NIO Technology 2.0 (NT2.0) by starting deliveries
   of the EC7, All-New ES6, All-New ES8, ET5T, and All-New EC6. With enhanced driving and
   riding experiences with exquisite design, high performance, superior comfort, and advanced
   digital systems, our product portfolio caters to wide-ranging journeys of users for their family,
   business and leisure needs. In December 2023, we launched the ET9, a smart electric executive
   flagship. The ET9 embodies our latest advancements in technological research and development,
   presenting a combination of flagship-style exterior, innovative executive space, leading driving
   and riding experience, intelligent technologies, efficient power solutions, and comprehensive
   safety standards. We expect to start deliveries of the ET9 in the first quarter of 2025.


   Inheriting our high-performance DNA marked by dual-motor intelligent All-Wheel-Drive system,
   all NIO models are able to achieve outstanding performances in 0-100 km/h and braking distance.
   Enabled by battery swapping technology, all our models are compatible with different battery
   packs including Standard Range Battery, Long Range Battery and Ultra-Long Range Battery,
   supporting different driving ranges and providing an upgradable and flexible user experience. We
   aim to deliver products with the highest safety and quality standards to our users in line with our
   core values and commitments.



                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      121
      PART I


                               We believe our vehicles are well-positioned in the premium smart electric vehicle market. We
                               delivered 160,038 vehicles, including 92,186 premium smart electric SUVs and 67,852 premium
                               smart electric sedans in 2023. In 2024, we expect to launch our new brand and commence
                               deliveries of its first product, complementing our product portfolio and contributing to our vehicle
                               sales. We are also developing more products to expand our addressable market segments.




       Model                             ES8                ES7                 ES6                EC7                 EC6              ET7            ET5           ET5T

                                   Mid-large 6-seater Mid-large 5-seater Mid-size 5-seater   Mid-large 5-seater Mid-size 5-seater    Mid-large       Mid-size       Mid-size
       Segment†
                                          SUV                SUV               SUV              coupe SUV          coupe SUV          sedan           sedan          sedan

       Wheelbase (mm)                   3,070               2,960              2,915              2,960               2,915            3,060          2,888          2,888

       Driving range* (km)
       (with 75/100/150kWh           465/605/900         485/620/930        500/625/930        490/635/940         505/630/935      550/705/1050   560/710/1055   530/680/1010
       battery pack)**

       Acceleration time
                                         4.1                 3.9                4.5                 3.8                4.4              3.8            4.0            4.0
       from 0 to 100km/h (s)

       Peak Power (kW)                   480                 480                360                480                 360              480            360            360

       Maximum Torque
                                         850                 850                700                850                 700              850            700            700
       (NM)

       MSRP starting from
                                       498,000             438,000            338,000            458,000             358,000          428,000        298,000        298,000
       (RMB) ***


                               Notes:

                               †     Represent currently available models for sale.

                               *     Represent China Light-Duty Vehicle Test Cycle, or the CLTC, range. The driving ranges are based on the officially filed
                                     documents or engineering test results, which may vary due to different road types, weather and road conditions, battery
                                     level, loading and tires.

                               ** 150 kWh battery is expected to be available in the near future.

                               *** Represent starting manufacturer’s suggested retail price, or the MSRP, in China as of the date of this annual report.




122   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Our Key Technological Breakthroughs and Innovations

Since our inception, we have remained committed to innovation and dedicated to investing in
research and development of core technologies. Our technological breakthroughs and innovations
differentiate us from our peers, creating better user experiences and enhancing our users’
confidence in us. We have strategically focused on building in-house capabilities including battery
swapping, assisted and intelligent driving, digital technologies, electric powertrain and battery,
vehicle engineering and design, among others, to control the design and development of the
vehicle software and hardware architecture and the critical components that go into our products.
Our capabilities have given us greater flexibility to continually improve our current products and
allow us to launch new products. By integrating these industry-leading technologies, all of our
vehicles can create a relaxing, interactive, intelligent and immersive experience for our users.


We have strategically located our research and development offices in locations where we believe
give us access to the best talent. Our global research and development center for production
models is located in Shanghai. Our advanced vehicle manufacturing center is located in Hefei. Our
global research and development center for software is located in Beijing. Our global research and
development center for assisted and intelligent driving is located in San Jose. Our global design
center is located in Munich. Our global research and development center for advanced engineering
is located in Oxford.


Battery Swapping and BaaS

All of our smart electric vehicles are equipped with proprietary battery swapping technologies,
providing our users with a “chargeable, swappable, upgradable” experience. We also offer Battery
as a Service, or BaaS, an industry-first innovative model which allows users to purchase electric
vehicles and subscribe for the usage of batteries separately. BaaS enables our users to benefit
from lower vehicle purchase prices, flexible battery upgrade options and assurance of battery
performance.


•   Battery Swapping. Supported by over 1,600 patented technologies as of December 31, 2023,
    all of our vehicles support battery swapping. It provides our users with convenient “recharging”
    experiences by simply swapping the user’s battery for another one within minutes. Moreover, it
    enables users to enjoy the benefits of battery technology advancements with upgrade options.
    Additionally, during each battery swap, a comprehensive health assessment on the battery
    and electric drive system is performed to ensure optimal condition of the vehicle. In December
    2023, we introduced Power Swap Station 4.0, which boasts enhanced efficiency improvements
    and can reach a service capacity of up to 480 swaps per day. Equipped with Lidars and NVIDIA
    DRIVE Orin X chips, it possesses the capability to conduct fully automatic swap and handle
    complex environments for more intelligent vehicle-station connectivity. Power Swap Station 4.0
    is compatible with multiple vehicle brands.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     123
      PART I


                 •   BaaS. Enabled by vehicle-battery separation and battery subscription, BaaS decouples the
                     battery price from the purchase price of a vehicle and allows users to subscribe for battery
                     usage separately. For each user under the BaaS model, we sell a battery to the Battery
                     Asset Company, and the user subscribes for the usage of the battery from the Battery Asset
                     Company. If users opt to purchase a NIO vehicle and subscribe for the battery under BaaS,
                     they can enjoy a deduction off the original vehicle purchase price while paying a monthly
                     subscription fee for the battery. NIO users are able to enjoy permanent or flexible upgrades to
                     batteries with higher capacities or other future battery options with an additional fee as the
                     battery technologies evolve.


                 Assisted and Intelligent Driving and Subscription

                 We believe that assisted and intelligent driving is the core of smart electric vehicles, and it has
                 been our focus from day one. We are one of the first companies in China to offer enhanced ADAS
                 capabilities and we have been dedicated to developing our proprietary full-stack assisted and
                 intelligent driving capabilities.


                 NIO assisted and intelligent driving, or NAD, our full-stack in-house developed assisted and
                 intelligent driving capabilities, is equipped with our proprietary perception algorithms, localization,
                 control strategy and platform software. The technology comprises NIO Adam, a super computing
                 platform with outstanding computing power, and NIO Aquila, a super sensing system equipped
                 with high-performance sensors including LiDAR. With the gradual release of certain features of the
                 NAD through Navigate on Pilot Plus, or NOP+, a driving assist feature based on NT2.0 to users, our
                 generalization capability and collective intelligence capability have seen rapid growth. Currently,
                 NOP+ has been made available for expressways, urban areas, parking and battery swapping and
                 we expect to release it to all NT2.0 users in the future to deliver a safer and more relaxing assisted
                 and intelligent driving experience for our users. Our NOP+ is available for user subscription.


                 In addition, we have commenced our in-house research and development of the intelligent driving
                 chipset to maximize the assisted and intelligent driving algorithm efficiency. In December 2023,
                 we unveiled our first proprietary automotive-grade chip for assisted and intelligent driving, the
                 NX9031. We intend to integrate this chip into our future products to enhance the intelligent driving
                 experience for our users.




124   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


Digital Technologies

Digital System

Digital system is the foundation for us to achieve continuous upgrades through over-the-air
updates, the digital platform for building our own proprietary software and algorithms and the
security system for deep reassurance.


On top of our proprietary software architecture and cloud data platform, SkyOS, our all-domain
vehicle operating system, has what we believe to be the industry-leading connectivity and
remote service capabilities with an end-to-end security framework. By seamlessly integrating
and efficiently collaborating various systems, including intelligent driving, vehicle control, digital
cockpit, and connectivity, SkyOS provides a secure, intelligent and smooth driving experience to
users.


Digital Cockpit

Our digital cockpit has an AI-driven, scalable and flexible architecture that presents users with
an intelligent and immersive digital experience. We have built flexibility into the digital cockpit, so
that we can continue to update the cockpit’s operating system with new features and applications.


Inspired by the concept of creating a mobile living space, providing a caring emotion companion
while connecting products, services and community, we have launched PanoCinema, a panoramic
digital cockpit with AR and VR capabilities, to bring immersive audio and visual experiences to our
users. Inside our digital cockpit, NOMI, our in-car AI companion, can listen to, communicate and
interact with users to build a strong emotional connection between vehicles and users. In addition,
we expect to release our NOMI GPT, a multimodal large vision model, in the near future.


Electric Powertrain and Battery

Electric Powertrain

Starting from our first product, we have designed, developed and manufactured our own
proprietary electric powertrains in-house. We possess in-house research and development
capabilities across motors, electric controls, reducers, and high voltage charging and distribution
systems.


Our electric powertrains are designed specifically for NIO’s vehicles, and through firmware
over-the-air, we are able to continue to improve and update, and adjust according to our users’
driving behavior. Enabled by in-house research and development capabilities, our dual-motor
configuration offers a variety of electric motors, including 150-300kW induction motor and 160-
210 kW permanent magnet motor. We are in the process of developing our next generation electric
powertrains based on the high-voltage architecture.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      125
      PART I


                 Battery

                 We are committed to the research, development and innovations in battery technologies and have
                 built up the research and development capabilities throughout the lifecycle of uni-pack battery.
                 Our batteries are based on advanced battery pack design, battery management system and
                 proprietary swapping mechanism.


                 Currently, we offer two battery options: Standard Range Battery and Long Range Battery. The
                 Standard Range Battery currently on offer is a 75 kWh battery with lithium iron phosphate cells.
                 With certain proprietary patents, the 100 kWh Long Range cell-to-pack battery features thermal
                 propagation prevention, highly integrated design, all-climate thermal management and bi-
                 directional cloud battery management system. We expect to commence the delivery of our 150
                 kWh battery, or the Ultra-long Range Battery with the next generation battery technology in
                 the near future. In addition, we expect to collaborate with our partners in developing long-life
                 batteries.


                 Vehicle Engineering and Design Capabilities

                 We have significant in-house vehicle engineering and design capabilities, covering all major areas
                 of vehicle development starting from inception to completion, with a particular emphasis on
                 software-driven technologies and fast iteration. For example, our in-house developed intelligent
                 chassis controller enables redundancy control, electronic parking brake control, damper control,
                 air spring leveling control, while achieving functional safety, cyber security and OTA updates. In
                 addition, we have implemented integrated die casting to minimize the number of vehicle parts,
                 reduce process steps, shorten production line length, and enhance overall efficiency.


                 Our global design team has comprehensive design capabilities across the board, from brand,
                 vehicles, user interface/user experience, lifestyle products to accessories.


                 User Development and User Community

                 We reach out to and engage with our users directly through our own offline and online platforms,
                 including NIO Houses, NIO Spaces and NIO app, and aim to build a community where we share joy
                 and grow together with our users.


                 NIO House and NIO Space

                 NIO Houses and NIO Spaces serve as the offline channels for us to reach out to and serve our
                 users, as well as the offline platforms for NIO user community.


                 NIO Houses have showroom functions while serving as a clubhouse for our users and their friends.
                 Since we opened our first NIO House in Beijing in November 2017, we continue to expand our
                 network of NIO Houses globally. As of December 31, 2023, we had 145 NIO Houses in total globally.


                 NIO Spaces are mainly showrooms for our brand, vehicles and services. Compared with NIO
                 Houses, NIO Spaces are generally smaller in scale, more delicate and sales-focused. As of
                 December 31, 2023, we had 335 NIO Spaces in total globally.




126   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


NIO App

NIO app, our mobile application, is designed to serve as a comprehensive portal. It allows users to
not only place orders for and configure all NIO vehicles, but also to access vehicle control, power
and other service, as well as purchase NIO Life product. Most importantly, it functions as an online
platform for our user community.


NIO Day and NIO Events

Our annual NIO Day is an event jointly hosted by NIO and our users where we launch our new
products and technologies and celebrate the user community. In December 2017 in Beijing, China,
we held our first NIO Day and launched the ES8. We had since then held multiple NIO Days to
launch new products and interact with our users and industry participants in the subsequent
years. Most recently, in December 2023, we held the seventh NIO Day in Xi’an, China, with the
official debut of ET9.


In 2021, we held the Norway strategy conference, where we announced our entry into the
Norwegian market. In 2022, we held NIO Berlin 2022, marking our expansion into Germany, the
Netherlands, Denmark and Sweden. Currently, we offer ES8, EL7, EL6, ET7, ET5 and ET5T in
European markets. We offer our products in Europe through direct sales, leasing programs, and
subscription programs.


NIO Life

We have established our lifestyle brand NIO Life, which has an online store on NIO app where users
can purchase NIO lifestyle products. The product categories include clothing and accessories,
home and living, consumer electronics, food and beverages. Since we launched our online store
in December 2016, over 13 million NIO Life items have been delivered to our users through online
and offline channels as of December 31, 2023.


NIO Points

We provide users with NIO Points to encourage user engagement and positive user behavior, such
as to keep a safe driving record. NIO Points are earned, among other things, through the welcome
packages upon the purchase of NIO vehicles, referrals for test drives and vehicle purchases, and
active engagement in the user community. NIO Points can be used, both at our online store and at
our NIO Houses and some of the NIO Spaces.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      127
      PART I


                 NIO Users Trust

                 In conjunction with our pursuit of being a user enterprise and with the goal of building a deeper
                 connection between NIO and our users, Mr. Bin Li, our chairman of the board of directors and
                 chief executive officer, transferred a certain amount of his ordinary shares to NIO User Trust in
                 January 2019. Our users have the opportunity to discuss and propose the use of the economic
                 benefits from the shares in NIO User Trust through a User Council consisting of members of our
                 user community elected by our users. The User Council helps coordinate user activities in our
                 community. According to the articles of association of NIO Users Trust, incomes and proceeds
                 derived from the trust assets shall be mainly used for the following purposes: (i) environmental
                 protection and sustainable development, (ii) NIO Users community care projects, (iii) community
                 activities promoting common growth of users and other necessary projects, and (iv) operational
                 expenses of the Users Trust.


                 Our Power Solutions

                 We offer a comprehensive and innovative suite of power solutions to address the charging and
                 swapping needs of our users. Our power solutions include home charger called Power Home,
                 battery swapping called Power Swap, supercharging piles called Power Charger, destination
                 charging piles called Destination Charger, and mobile charging called Power Mobile, all of which
                 are connected to cloud-enabled Power Cloud, which synchronizes users’ power consumption
                 information and our power network, and intelligently suggests the appropriate services, according
                 to the users’ locations and power consumption patterns. Our users not only get to check the
                 availability of charging and swapping resources of NIO’s own network, but also have access to a
                 network of public chargers and their real-time information through the Power Map on our NIO app.
                 In addition, we offer our users our One Click for Power valet service where we pick up, charge and
                 then return the vehicle. Our goal is to provide the most convenient power solutions to our users.


                 Power Home

                 Through Power Home, we install home chargers at our users’ homes upon our users’ requests if
                 the installation is feasible. Currently we are offering our users standard home chargers and high-
                 speed home chargers.


                 Power Swap

                 All of our vehicles support battery swapping. Once a vehicle is parked in the swap station and the
                 swap function is activated, battery swapping will take place within minutes. Automatic battery
                 and electric system checks are performed during each swap to enhance the safety and security of
                 the vehicle and battery.




128   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


In December 2023, we introduced Power Swap Station 4.0, which boasts enhanced efficiency
improvements and can reach a service capacity of up to 480 swaps per day. Equipped with Lidars
and NVIDIA DRIVE Orin X chips, it possesses the capability to conduct fully automatic swap and
handle complex environments for more intelligent vehicle-station connectivity. Power Swap
Station 4.0 is compatible with multiple vehicle brands. We have opened our Power Swap network
to the entire industry and signed strategic partnership agreements with Changan Automobile,
Geely Group, JAC Group and Chery Automobile on battery swapping. As of December 31, 2023, we
had 2,350 Power Swap Stations covering urban areas and expressways globally, through which we
had completed over 35 million battery swaps cumulatively.


We plan to strategically deploy more Power Swap Stations in selected geographical areas to
ensure optimal battery swap experience for our growing user base and boost sales. We have
partnered with multiple energy companies, including, among others, Anhui Province Energy Group
Co., Ltd. and China Southern Power Grid Peak Load and Frequency Modulation (Guangdong)
Energy Storage Technology Co., Ltd., and expect to join hands with more partners to collectively
contribute towards the development of power network and the wider adoption of battery
swapping.


Power Charger and Destination Charger

Through Power Charger, our supercharging piles, we provide our users a fast and reliable power
solution. Users are able to locate, use and pay for the charging through our NIO app. Our Power
Chargers are of a slim design and are located in parking lots and other locations easily accessible
to our users. We currently offer up to 640kW Power Charger.


We also deploy chargers in tourist attractions, shopping malls, office buildings, and other types of
destinations to expand the charging network for convenience and flexibility.


As of December 31, 2023, we had 21,091 Power Chargers and Destination Chargers in operation.
We plan to further enhance the efficiency and expand the deployment of our chargers to cater to
the growing user demand.


Power Mobile

Through Power Mobile, we provide charging services through fast charging vans with our
proprietary fast-charging technologies, supplementing our swapping and charging network. Users
are able to book Power Mobile services in advance through our NIO app.


We have a fleet of Power Mobile vans in operation in China. We regularly adjust the deployment of
Power Mobile vans in China based on our user distribution and user needs and plan to improve the
efficiency of these NIO Power Mobile vans to create better experiences for users.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      129
      PART I


                 Power Map

                 In addition to our own swapping and charging network, our users have access to a network of
                 public chargers and their real-time information through the Power Map on our NIO app, which
                 consisted of over 1,460,000 publicly accessible charging piles globally as of December 31, 2023.
                 In order to further improve user experience, we have been working to increase the number of
                 chargers with data synchronized to our Power Cloud.


                 One Click for Power

                 We offer our users our One Click for Power valet service. Through our NIO app, a user can have our
                 team pick up his or her vehicle at the user’s designated parking location for valet charging, battery
                 swapping or power mobile. We aim to provide users with the most convenient charging experience
                 by identifying the most appropriate power solution based on the user’s travel habits through
                 cloud-based smart scheduling.


                 Service and Warranty

                 Our users can access a full suite of innovative services on our NIO app, as part of our strategy
                 of redefining the user experience. NIO Service, our one-stop service ecosystem marked by
                 the innovative worry-free service plan, provides NIO users with a holistic end-to-end service
                 experience. We believe our service capability is among the core competitiveness we possess.


                 Service

                 Service Network

                 We currently provide servicing both through NIO service centers and authorized third-party service
                 centers, both of which provide repair, maintenance and bodywork services.


                 For our NIO service centers, we have dedicated qualified technicians who receive regular
                 professional trainings and skill tests, which ensures high-quality user services. As of December
                 31, 2023, we had 82 NIO service centers worldwide. For authorized third-party service centers, we
                 have a devoted management team to carefully select and bring authorized service centers into our
                 network, most with experience servicing high-end branded vehicles. As of December 31, 2023, we
                 had 228 authorized service centers worldwide.


                 We also provide high-quality delivery service through NIO delivery centers, which serve as vital
                 hubs in the user experience journey. At our NIO delivery centers, we offer users a full-service
                 support package, including vehicle transportation and delivery, pre-delivery inspection (PDI)
                 services, assistance with vehicle inspection, guidance and orientation on vehicle features,
                 assistance with vehicle registration and insurance processing.




130   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Service Plan

We offer our users worry-free service plans on an annual fee basis in certain regions. The worry-
free service plans provide a combination of insurance and a series of service options. The
insurance offered in the plan covers statutory third-party liability and vehicle damage insurance,
which are provided through third-party insurers. Our service offerings include vehicle repair and
maintenance services, courtesy vehicles, roadside assistances, optional value-added services,
and enhanced data packages, among other services.


Users are able to arrange for vehicle services using our NIO app. We also provide worry-free
services such as repair, maintenance and charging at users’ doorstep through Service Mobile, our
service centers on wheels.


Auto Financing

We currently have agreements with several commercial banks in China, pursuant to which we
assist users across China in acquiring financing when they purchase our vehicles. We also offer
auto financing arrangements to users directly through our subsidiaries.


NIO Certified (Used Vehicle Service)

In January 2021, we launched NIO Certified, our used vehicle service, to provide high-quality
services for used NIO vehicle transactions. We have developed the capabilities in the major cities
in China to cover services including used vehicle inspection, evaluation, acquisition and sales. We
also partner with various used car dealers through our NIO app to assist users in completing their
used car transactions more efficiently and conveniently.


Warranty Policy

For an initial retail purchaser of a new NIO vehicle in China, in addition to the warranty required
under the PRC laws, including (i) a bumper-to-bumper three-year or 120,000-km warranty, (ii) for
critical EV components (batteries, electric motors, power electric units and vehicle control units),
an eight-year or 120,000-km warranty, and (iii) a two-year or 50,000-km warranty covering vehicle
repair, replacement and refund, we also provide an extended warranty in China subject to certain
conditions. For the owners of our vehicles in Europe, in addition to the warranty required under
the applicable laws and regulations, we also provide an extended warranty subject to certain
conditions. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business and
Industry – Our warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could
adversely affect our financial performance.”


Supply Chain, Manufacturing and Quality Assurance

We view the suppliers and manufacturers we work with as key partners in our vehicle development
process. We aim to leverage our partners’ industry expertise to ensure that each vehicle we
produce meets our strict quality standards.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      131
      PART I


                 Supply Chain

                 We work with global and local supply chain partners while the majority of our supply base is
                 located in China, which enables us to acquire supplies more quickly and reduces the overall
                 logistics-related cost.

                 We obtain systems, components, raw materials, parts, manufacturing equipment and other
                 supplies and services from suppliers which we believe to be reputable and reliable. We follow our
                 internal process to source suppliers taking into account quality, cost and timing. We continually
                 innovate our supply chain in order to establish a more effective and diverse supply chain system.
                 We actively cultivate partnerships with suppliers that have innovative technological capabilities
                 and cost advantages, thereby increasing the competitiveness and innovativeness of our supply
                 chain. While we obtain components from multiple sources whenever possible, many of the
                 components used in our vehicles are purchased from a single source. Eventually we plan to
                 implement a multi-source volume purchasing strategy in order to reduce our reliance on sole
                 source suppliers.

                 We usually enter into our standard form of agreements with our suppliers. Suppliers shall
                 provide to us the goods and services at terms and conditions as provided under the agreements
                 according to the pre-determined schedule. We typically pay suppliers with respect to the goods
                 provided after receipt of goods and within 30-90 days upon receipt of invoices issued by suppliers.
                 The suppliers provide quality warranty for the goods sold to us. Neither we nor the suppliers
                 are allowed to subcontract or assign any obligations under the agreements. We typically have
                 the right to terminate the agreement with suppliers due to our strategy or business concern
                 by giving a six-month prior written notice to supplier. In addition, either party has the right to
                 terminate the agreement upon a material default by the other party. We hold our suppliers to high
                 ethical standards of code of conducts in areas such as human rights, labor conventions such as
                 prohibition of forced labor and child labor, environmental protection and anti-corruption, and
                 incorporate these standards in our cooperation agreements with our suppliers.

                 Manufacturing

                 Vehicle Manufacturing

                 In the past, we partnered with JAC for the joint manufacturing of our vehicles in the F1 Plant and
                 the F2 Plant in Hefei, China.

                 We entered into definitive agreements with JAC in December 2023, pursuant to which we
                 agreed to acquire the manufacturing equipment and assets of the F1 Plant and the F2 Plant
                 from JAC for a total consideration of approximately RMB3.16 billion, excluding tax. The asset
                 transfer was completed in December 2023. In addition, we have completed the filing process
                 for our electric passenger vehicle investment project with the authorities in Anhui province
                 and have been included in the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology’s catalogue of
                 approved manufacturers. Our manufacturing model has transitioned from joint manufacturing to
                 independent manufacturing. We have commenced independent manufacturing of all our current
                 vehicles models in the F1 Plant and the F2 Plant.




132   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Other Manufacturing

We have established our manufacturing center in China for the production of electric powertrains,
with highly automated production lines, advanced manufacturing execution systems and
automated guided vehicles. We also manufacture Power Swap Stations and charging piles
independently, as well as in collaboration with our partners.


Quality Assurance

We aim to deliver high-quality products and services to our users in line with our core values and
commitments. We believe that our quality assurance systems are the key to ensuring the delivery
of high-quality products and services, and to minimize waste and to maximize efficiency. We have
established a Quality Committee for the overall quality management of our company. The Quality
Committee is chaired by our executive vice president, and is responsible for formulating the
group-level quality assurance policies, strategies, goals and initiatives and reviewing the progress
of quality goals. We strongly emphasize quality management across all business functions,
including product development, manufacturing, partner quality management, procurement, power
solutions, user experience, service and logistics. Our quality management groups are responsible
for our overall quality strategy, quality systems and processes, quality culture, and general quality
management implementation.


In the research and development stage, we have established a failure mode analysis sub-
committee and a reliability working group to continually improve the awareness, knowledge and
ability of problem prevention in product design, process design, service design and other aspects.
We have built a NIO product development platform to manage the entire product development
process, efficiently integrating the workflows of various business departments, and achieving
high-quality management of vehicles to be delivered.


In the manufacturing stage, we implement end-to-end quality planning based on product and
process characteristics, covering quality issue prevention, incoming material inspection, in-
process inspection, customer review, pre-shipment inspection and rapid problem resolution. In
the meantime, we actively promote the digitalization of manufacturing quality management in
various use cases, including, among others, problem management, change point management,
vehicle management, and personnel management. Through intelligent data monitoring and
analysis, we are able to timely detect abnormalities and make corrections.


In terms of supply chain, we have established the NIO quality premium partner evaluation system,
which comprehensively evaluates our partners from various dimensions to achieve effective
quality control of the supply chain. On top of the regular audit and training of our supply chain
partners, we organize expert resources of different fields and functions to work together with
the supply chain partners in need of capability enhancement to quickly improve their process
assurance and quality control capabilities.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      133
      PART I


                 In addition, we collect users’ feedback through various channels, such as hotline, NIO app, NIO
                 Fellow, user service group, and NOMI in our vehicles, and direct these feedbacks to our product
                 experience, service and quality assurance team so as to drive the fast iteration and improvement
                 in terms of product development, manufacturing and supply chain.


                 Certain Other Cooperation Arrangements

                 Hefei Strategic Investors

                 On April 29, 2020, we entered into an investment agreement, or the initial investment agreement,
                 and a shareholders agreement, or the initial shareholders agreement (collectively, the initial
                 agreements), for investments into NIO Holding Co., Ltd. (previously known as NIO (Anhui) Holding
                 Co., Ltd.), or NIO China, a legal entity that we wholly owned pre-investment, with Hefei City
                 Construction and Investment Holding (Group) Co., Ltd., CMG-SDIC Capital Co., Ltd. and Anhui
                 Provincial Emerging Industry Investment Co., Ltd., or Anhui High-tech Co.


                 Pursuant to the initial agreements, each investor may designate a fund managed by it or a
                 third party, as applicable, to perform the investment obligations and assume other rights and
                 obligations under the initial agreements. Accordingly, on June 5, 2020, we entered into respective
                 supplemental agreements I to the initial agreements with the investors and their respective
                 designated funds, Jianheng New Energy Fund, Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment
                 Fund and New Energy Automobile Fund. Under the supplemental agreements I, (i) Hefei City
                 Construction and Investment Holding (Group) Co., Ltd. designated Jianheng New Energy Fund
                 to assume all of its rights and obligations under the initial agreements, (ii) CMG-SDIC Capital
                 Co., Ltd. designated Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund to assume all of its
                 rights and obligations under the initial agreements, (iii) Anhui High-tech Co. designated New
                 Energy Automobile Fund to perform a portion of its investment obligations under the investment
                 agreement and assume the corresponding rights and obligations under the initial agreements,
                 and (iv) Anhui High-tech Co. will continue to perform the remaining of its investment and other
                 obligations not assigned to New Energy Automobile Fund and enjoy its rights under the initial
                 agreements. On June 5, 2020, NIO China updated its Industrial and Commercial Registration
                 to reflect, among other things, Jianheng New Energy Fund, Advanced Manufacturing Industry
                 Investment Fund, Anhui High-tech Co. and New Energy Automobile Fund as NIO China’s investors.
                 On June 18, 2020, we entered into respective supplemental agreements II with the parties to the
                 supplemental agreements I and Anhui Sanzhong Yichuang, another designated fund of Anhui
                 High-tech Co. Under the supplemental agreements II, Anhui High-tech Co. designated Anhui
                 Sanzhong Yichuang to assume its remaining rights and obligations under the initial agreements
                 that had not been assigned to New Energy Automobile Fund pursuant to the supplemental
                 agreements I.




134   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


The initial investment agreement, as amended and supplemented, is referred to as the Hefei
Investment Agreement, and the initial shareholders agreement, as amended and supplemented,
is referred to as the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement in this annual report. The Hefei
Investment Agreement and the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement are collectively referred to
as the Previous Hefei Agreements in this annual report.


On March 30, 2024, we entered into the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement with Jianheng
New Energy Fund, Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund, New Energy Automobile
Fund and Anhui Sanzhong Yichuang. The 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement amends certain
shareholders’ rights in NIO China and supersedes the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement.


Under the Hefei Investment Agreement, the Hefei Strategic Investors agreed to invest an aggregate
of RMB7 billion in cash into NIO China. We agreed to inject our core businesses and assets in
China, including vehicle research and development, supply chain, sales and services and NIO
Power, collectively referred to as the Asset Consideration, into NIO China. The Asset Consideration
is valued at RMB17.77 billion, as calculated based on 85% of the market value of our company
(calculated based on our average ADS trading price over the thirty public trading days preceding
April 21, 2020). As of the date of this annual report, the injection of our core businesses and
assets into NIO China has been completed. Further, we agreed to invest RMB4.26 billion in cash
into NIO China. Upon the completion of the investments, we held 75.885% of controlling equity
interests in NIO China, and the Hefei Strategic Investors collectively held the remaining 24.115%.
In September 2020, February 2021 and September 2021, we, through one of our wholly-owned
subsidiaries, purchased from certain Hefei Strategic Investors equity interests in NIO China and
subscribed for newly increased registered capital of NIO China to increase our shareholding.
After the completion of these transactions, as of the date of this annual report, we hold 92.114%
controlling equity interests in NIO China.


Pursuant to the Previous Hefei Agreements, NIO China establishes its headquarters in the
Hefei Economic and Technological Development Area for its business operation, research and
development, sales and services, supply chain and manufacturing functions. We collaborate with
the Hefei Strategic Investors and Hefei Economic and Technological Development Area to develop
NIO China’s business and to support the accelerated development of the smart electric vehicle
sectors in Hefei. In addition, NIO China could enjoy a series of subsidies and support from Hefei
Economic and Technological Development Area, including rent subsidies, financial support and
preferential tax treatment, when NIO China meets certain performance criteria, such as targets
for manufacturing capacity, procurement amount and vehicle sales.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023     135
      PART I


                 Pursuant to the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement, the Hefei Strategic Investors have certain
                 minority shareholder rights, including, among others, the right of first refusal, co-sale right,
                 preemptive right, anti-dilution right, redemption right, liquidation preference and conditional
                 drag-along right. In particular, the following rights, among others, directly relate to obligations of
                 NIO Inc.:


                 •   Redemption right. The Hefei Strategic Investors may require us or our Hong Kong holding
                     vehicles, the immediate holding companies of NIO China, to redeem all or a portion of the
                     equity interests in NIO China held by the Hefei Strategic Investors at a redemption price
                     of the total amount of the investment price equal to the Hefei Strategic Investors plus an
                     investment income calculated at a compound rate of 8.5% per annum upon the occurrence of
                     certain events. In particular, if NIO China fails to complete the listing application or to issue
                     the material assets restructuring plan related to the qualified initial public offering before
                     December 31, 2027, or fails to complete the qualified initial public offering before December
                     31, 2028, the Hefei Strategic Investors may request us to redeem the equity interest in NIO
                     China then held by them.


                 •   Share transfer restriction. Before NIO China completes its potential qualified initial public
                     offering, without the prior written consent of the Hefei Strategic Investors, we may not directly
                     or indirectly transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of NIO China’s shares to a third party
                     that may result in our shareholding in NIO China fall below 60%. A qualified initial public
                     offering refers to NIO China’s shares being directly or indirectly listed on the Shanghai Stock
                     Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, or another overseas stock exchange approved by all
                     shareholders of NIO China, through an initial public offering or a material assets restructuring
                     with a listed company.


                 •   Liquidation preference. In the event that NIO China is liquidated, the Hefei Strategic Investors
                     are guaranteed a minimum investment return equal to the sum of their capital contribution
                     in NIO China by the Hefei Strategic Investors plus an investment income calculated at a
                     compound interest rate of 8.5% per annum on the basis of the total amount of their capital
                     contribution. If the total consideration received by the Hefei Strategic Investors in such
                     liquidation events is not sufficient to realize the guaranteed minimum investment return, we
                     undertake to compensate separately the shortfall to the Hefei Strategic Investors in cash.
                     Therefore, we could potentially be liable for the full amount of the minimum investment return
                     under the Hefei Investment Agreement.




136   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


We maintain effective control over NIO China through our significant shareholdings and
corresponding voting rights in NIO China. As of the date of this annual report, we held 92.114%
controlling equity interests and corresponding voting rights in NIO China. According to the
2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement and NIO China’s articles of association, certain significant
corporate matters requiring shareholders’ approval by law that fall into the protective provisions
at the board of directors level shall be approved by the board of directors of NIO China before
being presented to the shareholders for approval. Resolutions of the shareholders involving such
significant corporate matters may be passed by shareholders holding at least two thirds of all
valid voting power, while resolutions involving other matters may be passed by shareholders
holding at least half of all valid voting power. Considering our 92.114% controlling equity interests
and corresponding voting rights in NIO China, we have the power to approve all corporate matters
that are required to be approved by NIO China’s shareholders.


We also have effective control over the board of directors of NIO China through the majority
representation and corresponding voting rights on its board. According to the 2024 Hefei
Shareholders Agreement, the current board of directors of NIO China consists of seven members,
five of whom are designated by us and serve as directors or executive officers of the Company.
The remaining two directors are designated by Jianheng New Energy Fund and Advanced
Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund. Each of these two directors independently exercises
voting rights on board matters without any act-in-concert arrangements between them or among
the Hefei Strategic Investors. These two directors do not participate in the daily operations and
management of NIO China outside of their board meeting participation. Moreover, if the aggregate
equity holding of the Hefei Strategic Investors in NIO China is lower than 5%, the Hefei Strategic
Investors shall not be entitled to nominate any directors.


In addition, the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors are sufficient to approve most
corporate matters, such as the annual budget, the annual final accounts, and the appointment or
removal of the CEO and CFO, in accordance with the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement. A limited
scope of significant corporate matters, such as changes in NIO China’s corporate structure,
changes to its core business, and amendment to its articles of association, require the affirmative
votes of three-fourths (3/4) of the directors for fundamental investor protection purposes.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      137
      PART I


                 Subsequent to the entry into the Previous Hefei Agreements, the cash contribution obligations of
                 us and the Hefei Strategic Investors have all been fulfilled and we have exercised our redemption
                 right and capital increase right under the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement in September
                 2020. In particular, in connection with our exercise of redemption right, we, through one of our
                 wholly-owned subsidiaries, redeemed from Jianheng New Energy Fund 50% of the equity interests
                 in NIO China then held by the Jianheng New Energy Fund in September 2020, which accounted for
                 8.612% equity interests in NIO China, and the total consideration we paid for such redemption was
                 RMB511.5 million, consisting of the actual capital increase payment Jianheng New Energy Fund
                 had made plus prorated interest accrued at an interest rate of 10% per annum. In addition, we
                 assumed Jianheng New Energy Fund’s remaining cash contribution obligation of RMB2.0 billion.
                 In connection with our exercise of our capital increase right, we, through one of our wholly-owned
                 subsidiaries, subscribed for newly increased registered capital of NIO China at a consideration of
                 US$600 million. In addition, in February 2021, we, through one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries,
                 also purchased from two of the Hefei Strategic Investors an aggregate of 3.305% equity interests
                 in NIO China for a total consideration of RMB5.5 billion and subscribed for newly increased
                 registered capital of NIO China at a subscription price of RMB10.0 billion. In September 2021, we,
                 through one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, purchased from a minority strategic investor of NIO
                 China an aggregate of 1.418% equity interests in NIO China for a total consideration of RMB2.5
                 billion and subscribed for newly increased registered capital of NIO China at a subscription price
                 of RMB7.5 billion.


                 As a result of these transactions, as of the date of this annual report, the registered capital of NIO
                 China was RMB6.429 billion, and we held 92.114% controlling equity interests in NIO China. We
                 have fulfilled all obligations due to be fulfilled under the Previous Hefei Agreements and the 2024
                 Hefei Shareholders Agreement as of the date of this annual report.


                 Battery Asset Company

                 In August 2020, we and the Battery Asset Company Investors jointly established the Battery Asset
                 Company. We and the Initial BaaS Investors each invested RMB200 million and held 25% equity
                 interests in the Battery Asset Company at its establishment. In December 2020, April 2021, August
                 2021 and July 2022, respectively, the Battery Asset Company entered into agreements with new
                 and existing investors for additional financing. As of the date of this annual report, we beneficially
                 own approximately 19.4% of the equity interests in the Battery Asset Company.




138   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Business Collaboration with Forseven

On February 26, 2024, we entered into a technology license agreement, or the Technology License
Agreement, with Forseven, a subsidiary of CYVN Holdings L.L.C. Pursuant to the Technology
License Agreement, we granted a non-exclusive and non-transferrable worldwide license to
Forseven to use certain of our technical information, technical solutions, software and intellectual
property rights related to or subsisting in our existing and future smart electric vehicle platforms
within certain period, which we collectively refer to as the Licensed Technologies, for (i) the
research and development, manufacturing, offering to sell, sales, import and export of vehicle
models sold or marketed under Forseven brand(s) meeting pre-agreed manufacturer’s suggested
retail price thresholds (excluding tax) under the Technology License Agreement, which we
collectively refer to as the Licensed Products, and (ii) the provision or procurement of certain
after-sales services for the Licensed Products to its users or technical services from us. We will
also provide Forseven with information and reasonable assistance to the extent necessary for
Forseven to utilize the Licensed Technologies in accordance with general industry practices.


Under the Technology License Agreement, we will receive technology license fees comprising a
non-refundable, fixed upfront license fee plus royalties determined based on the future sales of
Licensed Products by Forseven. In addition, Forseven agrees to indemnify us against any losses
incurred in connection with breach of its confidentiality obligations under the Technology License
Agreement up to a specified liability cap. Subject to certain exceptions, we agree to indemnify
Forseven against losses incurred in connection with any third-party intellectual property
rights infringement claims resulting from Forseven’s or its sublicensee’s use of the Licensed
Technologies in accordance with the Technology License Agreement in an amount of up to twice
the amount of the technology license fees paid or payable to us and up to a specified liability cap.
Subject to certain limitations, each party’s aggregate liabilities under the Technology License
Agreement are capped at a specified liability cap, provided that Forseven’s intentional breach of
the confidentiality obligation is uncapped.


Unless terminated in accordance with provisions provided therein, the Technology License
Agreement will remain valid until the end of production of the Licensed Products (if the license
is used for researching, developing, manufacturing, selling, importing and exporting Licensed
Products) or the expiration of Forseven’s obligation to provide after-sales services to its
users (if the license is used for providing after-sales services). Either party may terminate the
Technology License Agreement if the other party: (i) voluntarily applies for insolvency, liquidation,
receivership, bankruptcy, or any other similar procedure for the purpose of debt settlement (other
than solvent mergers or reorganizations); (ii) involuntarily applies for insolvency, liquidation,
receivership, bankruptcy, or any other similar procedure, and such procedures are not revoked
or reversed within 60 days; (iii) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (iv)
dissolves; (v) suspends or threatens to suspend payment of its debts, or is unable to pay debts as
they fall due, or admits inability to pay its debts; (vi) commits a material breach of the Technology
License Agreement and (a) such breach is irremediable or (b) fails to rectify the breach within 60
days after receiving a notice from the non-breaching party detailing the breach and requesting a
remedy; and (vii) violates applicable laws relating to export control, sanctions, anti-corruption and
anti-bribery.


We may also terminate the Technology License Agreement under certain conditions, including if a
company that owns one or more automotive brands and sells vehicles under such brand(s) to the
market obtains control of Forseven.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      139
      PART I


                 Competition

                 The automotive market is highly competitive, and we compete with both NEV and ICE vehicles
                 targeting the mid – to high-end segment. The electric vehicle market is constantly evolving due to
                 shifting user needs and expectations, favorable policies towards new energy vehicles, expanding
                 charging infrastructure, and technological advances in electric components. Competition in the
                 industry is expected to intensify in the future as more traditional OEMs and other companies with
                 strong financial, engineering, manufacturing, marketing, or other resources enter the electric
                 vehicle market. We believe the primary competitive factors in our markets include, among others,
                 pricing, technological innovation, product design and performance, product quality and safety,
                 service and charging options, user experience, and manufacturing efficiency. We believe our
                 competitive advantages in this evolving market include our well-positioned products, proprietary
                 software and hardware technological advances, battery swapping and other comprehensive power
                 solutions, as well as the worry-free user experience we offer.


                 Intellectual Property

                 We have developed a number of proprietary systems and technologies. Since our inception, we
                 have remained committed to innovation and have dedicated ourselves to investing in research
                 and development of core technologies. We have strategically focused on building in-house
                 capabilities, including battery swapping, assisted and intelligent driving, digital technologies,
                 electric powertrain and battery, vehicle engineering and design, among others. As a result, our
                 success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual
                 property, including our registered patents for electric powertrain, battery and assisted and
                 intelligent driving technologies, among others. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of
                 patents, patent applications and trade secrets, including, among others, employee and third-party
                 nondisclosure agreements, copyright laws, trademarks, intellectual property licenses to establish
                 and protect our proprietary rights in our technology. We will actively monitor and pursue claims
                 against unauthorized use of our intellectual property.


                 As of December 31, 2023, we had 4,690 issued patents and 3,788 pending patent applications,
                 5,633 registered trademarks and 1,189 pending trademark applications in the United States,
                 China, Europe and other jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2023, we also held or otherwise had
                 the legal right to use 262 registered copyrights for software or works of art and approximately 666
                 registered domain names, including www.nio.io. We intend to continue to file additional patent
                 applications with respect to our technology.


                 Environmental, Social and Governance

                 Since our inception, we have embraced the vision of Blue Sky Coming. We deeply understand
                 that the smart electric vehicle industry plays a crucial role in driving the green and low-carbon
                 transformation of the economy and society. Recognizing the importance of environmental, social,
                 and corporate governance, or ESG, and firmly believing in creating sustainable value, we are
                 committed to leveraging our technologies, products, and services to be a force for good in these
                 areas.




140   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Over the past year, we have continually enhanced our ESG practice with an unwavering dedication
to sustainable development. In 2023, we received the Green Innovation Award at the 2023 Paulson
Prize for Sustainability, which is a recognition of the novelty, scalability, as well as the economic
and environmental benefits of our battery swapping technology and business model. In addition,
we were honored among the “2023 Global 100: The World’s Most Sustainable Companies” by
Corporate Knights. Furthermore, we announced our commitment to join the Science Based
Targets initiative, making us the first NEV company in China to join the initiative for science-
based carbon targets, which further solidifies our commitment to making a positive social impact.
Throughout 2023, we conducted extensive research on ESG topics and actively solicited feedback
from internal and external stakeholders.


We are dedicated to fostering sustainable development through responsible governance. We have
established a robust and efficient corporate governance structure, and have established the
Nominating and ESG Committee under our board of directors, as well as the ESG Steering Team,
to streamline our ESG initiatives. We release ESG reports annually on our website, detailing our
latest ESG policies and sustainability initiatives.


With the guidelines from the United Nation Global Compact, United Nation Sustainable
Development Goals, and Global Reporting Initiative, we have identified the following three pillars
in our ESG initiatives, which have been integrated into our business operations and corporate
governance.


Environmental Sustainability

Focusing on low-carbon development, ecological protection and environmental management, we
make efforts to put the concept of sustainability into practice through the whole lifecycle of the
green industry chain and build a green eco-system with upstream and downstream partners.


At the product design and development stage, based on the philosophy of design for sustainability,
we conduct comprehensive research on the availability and application of low-carbon
technologies and materials, and apply them on our products to reduce the carbon emission and
energy consumption of our product portfolio. During the manufacturing process, we continue to
improve and carry forward its green manufacturing system by carrying out intensive green space
construction, empowering digital management and committing to low-carbon energy utilization.
In addition, we implemented water, aluminum and other scrap material recycling in our plant and
aim to further expand our recycling efforts throughout the product lifecycle.


Moreover, we have initiated a series of activities together with different stakeholders to protect
the environment and support the broader community. We launched Clean Parks, an ecosystem co-
conservation initiative co-initiated with the World Wide Fund for Nature and the United Nations
Development Programme.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      141
      PART I


                 Social Sustainability

                 We are fully committed to being socially responsible and making a positive impact on the society.
                 Driven by user experience, we integrate quality, safety, and innovation into the whole lifecycle
                 management of products and services, which not only covers research and development, supply
                 chain, manufacturing and user service, but also includes innovative business models based on
                 core technologies, aligning user needs with full-lifecycle user experiences. We have formulated a
                 Quality Manual at the corporate level, which defines the quality management requirements for the
                 entire business chain, from product development, supply chain, manufacturing and logistics to
                 user experience and service quality.


                 We have built a user community extending from personal growth to community development and
                 user co-creation. To further understand the demands of users and improve our service quality,
                 NIO has set up a multi-dimensional satisfaction survey mechanism.


                 As a member of the United Nations Global Compact, we are committed to fulfilling the standards
                 and requirements of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Declaration of the
                 International Labor Organization on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and has
                 integrated them into internal systems and polices. We focus on identifying and attracting talent
                 from diverse backgrounds across the globe and aim to facilitate the long-term development of
                 employees through a value-driven mechanism based on NIO value system. We have established
                 a unique career development system, NIO Career Path system, providing different development
                 paths for employees in different positions. On top of our employee stock ownership plan and
                 compulsory benefits and insurances covering all employees, we also offer our employees various
                 supplementary benefits and organize various employee activities to enrich employees’ lives and
                 improve their wellbeing.


                 We have established various corporate social responsibility initiatives to comprehensively give
                 back to the communities and to create value for the society. We are the sponsor of the Formula
                 Student Electric China, a competition event where college students design and race electric
                 racing vehicles, allowing us to nurture the young talent for the future of the automotive industry.
                 In addition, NIO Users Trust has been making continuous contributions to public welfare
                 projects, including rural revitalization, emergency assistant, user care and charity donations, and
                 collaborating with third-party organizations in various projects with the goal to achieve a balance
                 between social benefits and economic development.




142   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


Corporate Governance

We strictly abide by all laws and regulations and aim to protect the rights and interests of
shareholders, enhance corporate value, guide the formulation of business strategies and
policies, and increase corporate transparency. To promote our sustainable development and
strengthen the effectiveness of governance, we appropriately balance the diversity among board
members and management team. As a vital part of our company, our management and board
members contribute their insights into the strategic decision-making process by drawing on their
gender perspective and diversified industry and technical background. We also aim to develop a
pipeline of potential female successors to the Board to increase the percentage of female Board
representatives in the coming years.


As a responsible company, we serve the long-term value of our business and act with integrity
and ethics. We established comprehensive internal ethics and compliance system and polices to
manage our business behavior and prohibit corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud, money laundering,
monopoly and unfair competition, and insider trading. For enabling a comprehensive supervision
of ethics, we set up the reporting mechanism with whistle-blower protection. In addition, we carry
out integrity training for all employees every year, and implement standardized management of
the performance of their duties.


To provide solid support for business development, we have established a comprehensive
information security management system, and has been improving the system constantly in line
with applicable laws and regulations in the countries and regions where we conduct business,
supporting smooth business operations of our company and protecting the security of user
information.


To support our mission and advance our ESG initiatives, Nominating and ESG Committee oversees
and manages our ESG strategies, policies, and performance, and reports to our board of directors
regarding the ESG progress to align the ESG related affairs with the overall strategy of our
company. The ESG steering team under the Nominating and ESG Committee takes charges of the
implementation of ESG initiatives and projects, and leads the ESG coordination team and the ESG
responsible personnel in relevant departments to execute ESG-related specific measures.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023     143
      PART I


                 Seasonality

                 In the past few years, demand for new vehicles in the automotive industry were generally higher
                 in the fourth quarter. Such variation may or may not continue in the future. Our limited operating
                 history makes it difficult for us to judge the exact nature or extent of the seasonality of our
                 business. Also, any unusually severe weather conditions in some markets may impact demand for
                 our vehicles.


                 Insurance

                 We maintain various insurance policies required by PRC laws and regulations to safeguard against
                 risks and unexpected events. We consider that the coverage from the insurance policies that
                 we maintain is in line with the industry norm. We do not have any business liability or disruption
                 insurance to cover our operations. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we
                 have not made, nor been the subject of, any material insurance claim.


                 Regulations

                 This section sets forth a summary of the most significant rules and regulations that affect our
                 business activities in China.


                 Regulations and Approvals Covering the Manufacturing of New Energy Vehicles

                 The NDRC promulgated the Provisions on Administration of Investment in Automobile Industry ,
                 which took effect on January 10, 2019. According to these provisions, enterprises are encouraged
                 to, through equity investment and cooperation in production capacity, enter into strategic
                 cooperation relationship, carry out joint research and development of products, organize
                 manufacturing activities jointly and increase industrial concentration. The advantageous
                 resources in production, high learning, research, application and other areas shall be integrated
                 and core enterprises in automobile industry shall be propelled to form industrial alliance
                 and industrial consortium. The vehicle investment projects shall be filed with the provincial
                 development and reform authorities.




144   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


According to the Regulations on the Administration of Newly Established Pure Electric Passenger
Vehicle Enterprises , which took effect on July 10, 2015, the NDRC and the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology are responsible for supervising and administering investment projects
of newly established enterprises, as well as overseeing the access of vehicle manufacturers
and products within the scope of their respective duties. Before our vehicles can be added to
the Announcement of Vehicle Manufacturers and Products , or the Manufacturers and Products
Announcement, issued by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, a procedure
that is required in order for our vehicles to be approved for manufacture and sale in China, our
vehicles must meet the applicable requirements set forth in laws and regulations. Such laws and
regulations include, among others, the Administrative Rules on the Admission of New Energy
Vehicle Manufacturers and Products , which took effect on July 1, 2017 and was amended on July
24, 2020, and the Administrative Rules on the Admission of Passenger Vehicles Manufacturer and
Products , which took effect on January 1, 2012, and pass the review by the Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology. NEVs that have entered into the Manufacturers and Products
Announcement are required to undergo regular inspection every three years by the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology so that it may determine whether the vehicles remain
qualified to stay in the Manufacturers and Products Announcement.


According to the Administrative Rules on the Admission of New Energy Vehicle Manufacturers and
Products , in order for our vehicles to enter into the Manufacturers and Products Announcement,
our vehicles must satisfy certain conditions, including, among others, meeting certain standards
set out therein, meeting other safety and technical requirements specified by the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology, and passing inspections conducted by a state-recognized
testing institution. Once such conditions for vehicles are met and the application has been
approved by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the qualified vehicles are
published in the Manufacturers and Products Announcement by the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology. Where any new energy vehicle manufacturer manufactures or sells any
model of a new energy vehicle without the prior approval of the competent authorities, including
being published in the Manufacturers and Products Announcement by the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology, it may be subject to penalties, including fines, forfeiture of any illegally
manufactured and sold vehicles and spare parts and revocation of its business licenses.


Regulations on Compulsory Product Certification

Under the Administrative Regulations on Compulsory Product Certification which was
promulgated by the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine,
which has been merged into the State Administration for Market Regulation, on July 3, 2009 and
was latest amended on September 29, 2022 and took effect on November 1, 2022, and the List of
the First Batch of Products Subject to Compulsory Product Certification which was promulgated
in association with the State Certification and Accreditation Administration Committee on
December 3, 2001 and took effect on May 1, 2002, the State Administration for Market Regulation
is responsible for the regulation and quality certification of automobiles. Automobiles and parts
and components must not be sold, exported or used in operating activities until they are certified
by designated certification authorities of the PRC as qualified products and granted certification
marks.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      145
      PART I


                 Regulations Relating to Parallel Credits Policy on Vehicle Manufacturers and Importers

                 On September 27, 2017, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of
                 Finance, the Ministry of Commerce, the General Administration of Customs of PRC and the
                 State Administration for Market Regulation jointly promulgated the Measures for the Parallel
                 Administration of the Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits of Passenger
                 Vehicle Enterprises , which were most recently amended on June 29, 2023 and took effect on
                 August 1, 2023. Under these measures, each of the vehicle manufacturers and vehicle importers
                 above a certain scale is required to, among other things, maintain its new energy vehicles credits,
                 or the NEV credits, and corporate average fuel consumption credits, above zero, regardless of
                 whether NEVs or ICE vehicles are manufactured or imported by it, and NEV credits can be earned
                 only by manufacturing or importing NEVs. Therefore, NEV manufacturers will enjoy preferences in
                 obtaining and calculating NEV credits.


                 NEV credits are equal to the aggregate actual scores of a vehicle manufacturer or a vehicle
                 importer minus its aggregate targeted scores. According to these measures, the actual scores
                 shall be calculated by multiplying the score of each new energy vehicle model, which depends on
                 various metrics such as the driving range, battery energy efficiency and the rated power of fuel cell
                 systems, and is calculated based on formula published by the Ministry of Industry and Information
                 Technology (in the case of a battery electric vehicle, the NEV credit of each vehicle is calculated
                 by multiplying 0.0034 by the vehicle’s mileage, adding 0.2 to the result, and then multiplying the
                 total by the mileage adjustment coefficient, battery energy density adjustment coefficient, and
                 electricity consumption coefficient), by the respective production or import volume, while the
                 targeted scores shall be calculated by multiplying the annual production or import volume of
                 traditional ICEs of a vehicle manufacturer or importer by the NEV credit ratio set by the Ministry of
                 Industry and Information Technology. The NEV credit ratios are 28% and 38% for the years of 2024
                 and 2025, respectively, increasing from 16% and 18% for the years of 2022 and 2023, respectively.


                 Additionally, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will establish an NEV credits
                 pool for passenger vehicle enterprises to store or withdraw positive NEV credits, and decide
                 whether to open such pool before July 30 each year based on the average fuel consumption of
                 passenger vehicle enterprises across the country and the supply and demand of NEV credits. The
                 positive NEV credits stored in the credit pool do not have a carryover ratio requirement and are
                 valid for five years. Excess positive NEV credits, or the automotive regulatory credits, are tradable
                 and may be sold to other enterprises through a credit trading scheme established by the Ministry
                 of Industry and Information Technology while excess positive corporate average fuel consumption
                 credits can only be carried forward or transferred among related parties. Negative NEV credits can
                 be offset by purchasing automotive regulatory credits from other manufacturers or importers.




146   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


According to these measures, the requirements on the NEV credits shall be considered for the
entry approval of passenger vehicle manufacturers and products by the regulators. If a passenger
vehicle enterprise fails to offset its negative credits, its new products, if the fuel consumption of
which does not reach the target fuel consumption value for a certain vehicle models as specified
in the Evaluation Methods and Indicators for the Fuel Consumption of Passenger Vehicles , it
will not be listed in the Announcement of the Vehicle Manufacturers and Products issued by the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or will not be granted the compulsory product
certification, and the vehicle enterprises may be subject to penalties according to the applicable
rules and regulations.


Regulations on Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure

Pursuant to the Guidance Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Accelerating the
Promotion and Application of the New Energy Vehicles, which took effect on July 14, 2014, the
Guidance Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Accelerating the Development
of Charging Infrastructures of the Electric Vehicle, which took effect on September 29, 2015, the
Guidance on the Development of Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure (2015-2020), which took
effect on October 9, 2015, and the Development Plan for the New-energy Vehicle Industry (2021-
2035), which took effect on October 20, 2020, the PRC government encourages the construction
and development of charging infrastructure for electric vehicles, such as charging stations and
battery swap stations, and only centralized charging and battery replacement power stations are
required to obtain approvals for construction, permits from the authorities.


The Circular on Accelerating the Development of Electrical Vehicle Charging Infrastructures in
Residential Areas promulgated on July 25, 2016 provides that the operators of electrical vehicle
charging and battery swap infrastructure are required to be covered under liability insurance
policies to protect the purchasers of electric vehicles, covering the safety of electric vehicle
charging.


Regulations on Automobile Sales

Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Automobile Sales promulgated by the Ministry of
Commerce, April 5, 2017, which took effect on July 1, 2017, automobile suppliers and dealers
are required to file with authorities through the information system for the national automobile
circulation operated by the competent commerce department within 90 days after the receipt of a
business license. Where there is any change to the information concerned, automobile suppliers
and dealers must update such information within 30 days after such change.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      147
      PART I


                 Regulations on the Recall of Defective Automobiles

                 On October 22, 2012, the State Council promulgated the Administrative Provisions on Defective
                 Automotive Product Recalls , which took effect on January 1, 2013 and were amended on March
                 2, 2019. The product quality supervision department of the State Council is responsible for the
                 supervision and administration of recalls of defective automotive products nationwide. Pursuant
                 to the administrative provisions, manufacturers of automobile products are required to take
                 measures to eliminate defects in products they sell. A manufacturer must recall all defective
                 automobile products. Failure to recall such products may result in an order to recall the defective
                 products from the quality supervisory authority of the State Council. If any operator conducting
                 sales, leasing, or repair of vehicles discovers any defect in automobile products, it must cease
                 to sell, lease or use the defective products and must assist manufacturers in the recall of those
                 products. Manufacturers must recall their products through publicly available channels and
                 publicly announce the defects. Manufacturers must take measures to eliminate or cure defects,
                 including rectification, identification, modification, replacement or return of the products.
                 Manufacturers that attempt to conceal defects or do not recall defective automobile products in
                 accordance with regulations will be subject to penalties, including fines, forfeiture of any income
                 earned in violation of law and revocation of licenses.


                 Pursuant to the Implementation Rules on the Administrative Provisions on Defective Automotive
                 Product Recalls , which took effect on January 1, 2016 and was latest amended on October 23,
                 2020, if a manufacturer is aware of any potential defect in its automobiles, it must investigate in a
                 timely manner and report the results of such investigation to the State Administration for Market
                 Regulation. Where any defect is found during the investigations, the manufacturer must cease to
                 manufacture, sell, or import the automobile products and recall such products in accordance with
                 applicable laws and regulations.


                 On November 23, 2020, the State Administration for Market Regulation issued the Circular on
                 Further Improving the Regulation of Recall of Automobile with Over-the-Air (OTA) Technology,
                 pursuant to which automobiles manufacturers that provide technical services through OTA are
                 required to complete filing with the State Administration for Market Regulation and those who
                 have provided such services through OTA must complete such filing before December 31, 2020.
                 In addition, if an automaker uses OTA technology to eliminate defects and recalls its defective
                 products, it must make a recall plan and complete a filing with the State Administration for
                 Market Regulation.




148   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Regulations on Product Liability

Pursuant to the Product Quality Law of the PRC , promulgated on February 22, 1993 and latest
amended on December 29, 2018, a manufacturer is prohibited from producing or selling products
that do not meet applicable standards and requirements for safeguarding human health
and ensuring human and property safety. Products must be free from unreasonable dangers
threatening human and property safety. Where a defective product causes physical injury to a
person or property damage, the aggrieved party may make a claim for compensation from the
producer or the seller of the product. Producers and sellers of non-compliant products may be
ordered to cease the production or sale of the products and could be subject to confiscation of the
products and/or fines. Earnings from sales in contravention of such standards or requirements
may also be confiscated, and in severe cases, an offender’s business license may be revoked.


Favorable Government Policies Relating to New Energy Vehicles in the PRC

On November 2, 2020, the State Council issued the Development Plan for the New-energy Vehicle
Industry (2021-2035) , in order to boost the high-quality development of NEVs from 2021 to 2035.
The development plan is implemented with a view to achieve the following goals: (i) by 2025, the
average power consumption of NEVs will drop to 12.0 kWh per 100 kilometers. The sales volume
of NEVs will reach around 20% of the total sales volume of new vehicles, and highly autonomous
vehicles will achieve commercial applications in limited areas and specific scenarios; (ii) by 2035,
pure electric vehicles shall become the mainstream of new vehicles for sale. Vehicle use in public
areas shall achieve full electrification, fuel cell vehicles shall achieve commercialized application,
and highly autonomous vehicles shall achieve large-scale application, in order to effectively
promote the improvement of energy saving and emission reduction level and social operation
efficiency. On December 27, 2023, the NDRC issued the Guidance Catalog for Industrial Structural
Adjustment (2024 Edition) , which took effect on February 1, 2024, and pursuant to which,
electric vehicle charging facilities and key components of new energy vehicles are categorized as
encouraged projects.


Government Subsidies for Purchases of New Energy Vehicles

On April 22, 2015, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology and the NDRC jointly issued the Circular on the Financial
Support Policies on the Promotion and Application of New Energy Vehicles in 2016-2020 , which
took effect on the same day. This circular provides that those who purchase new energy vehicles
specified in the Catalogue of Recommended New Energy Vehicle Models for Promotion and
Application by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, may obtain subsidies from
the PRC national government. Pursuant to this circular, a purchaser may purchase a new energy
vehicle from a seller by paying the original price minus the subsidy amount, and the seller may
obtain the subsidy amount from the government after such new energy vehicle is sold to the
purchaser. This circular also provided a preliminary phase-out schedule for the provision of
subsidies.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      149
      PART I


                 On December 29, 2016, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the
                 Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the NDRC jointly issued the Circular on
                 Adjusting the Subsidy Policy for the Promotion and Application of New Energy Vehicles , or the
                 Circular on Adjusting the Subsidy Policy, which took effect on January 1, 2017, to adjust the
                 existing subsidy standard for purchases of new energy vehicles. The Circular on Adjusting the
                 Subsidy Policy capped the local subsidies at 50% of the national subsidy amount, and further
                 specified that national subsidies for purchasers purchasing certain new energy vehicles (except
                 for fuel cell vehicles) from 2019 to 2020 would be reduced by 20% as compared to 2017 subsidy
                 standards.


                 The subsidy standard is reviewed and updated on an annual basis. The 2020 subsidy standard,
                 effective from April 23, 2020, was provided in the Circular on Improving the Subsidy Policies for the
                 Promotion and Application of New Energy Vehicles jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance,
                 the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
                 and the NDRC on the same day. The 2020 subsidy standard reduces the base subsidy amount
                 by 10% for each NEV, sets subsidies for 2 million vehicles as the upper limit of annual subsidy
                 scale; and provides that national subsidy shall only apply to an NEV that is either (i) with the sale
                 price under RMB300,000 or (ii) equipped with battery swapping mechanism. Given all our vehicles
                 are equipped with battery swapping mechanism, purchasers of all our vehicles, regardless of
                 sales price, are eligible to enjoy the subsidies provided by the PRC government to purchases of
                 new energy vehicles. The 2021 subsidy standard, effective from January 1, 2021, was provided
                 in the Circular on Further Improving the Subsidy Policies for the Promotion and Application of
                 New Energy Vehicles jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and
                 Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the NDRC on December 31,
                 2020. The 2021 subsidy standard reduces the base subsidy amount by 20% for each NEV based
                 on that for the previous year. Further, the 2022 subsidy standard, effective from January 1, 2022,
                 was provided in the Circular on Financial Subsidy Policies for the Promotion and Application of
                 New Energy Vehicles in Year 2022 jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of
                 Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the NDRC on
                 December 31, 2021. The 2022 subsidy standard reduces the base subsidy amount by 30% for each
                 NEV from that for the previous year. The new energy vehicles subsidy policy was terminated on
                 December 31, 2022.




150   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Exemption of Vehicle Purchase Tax

On December 26, 2017, the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation Administration, the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology and the Ministry of Science and Technology jointly issued the
Announcement on Exemption of Vehicle Purchase Tax for New Energy Vehicle . On June 28, 2019,
the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration jointly issued the Announcement
on Renewal of Preferential Policies on Vehicle Purchase Tax . Pursuant to the two announcements,
from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2020, the vehicle purchase tax which is applicable for ICE
vehicles is not imposed on purchases of qualified new energy vehicles listed in the Catalogue
of New Energy Vehicle Models Exempt from Vehicle Purchase Tax , issued by the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology. Such announcement provides that the policy on exemption
of vehicle purchase tax is also applicable to new energy vehicles added to this catalogue prior to
December 31, 2017. On April 16, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation Administration
and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology jointly issued the Announcement
on Exemption of Vehicle Purchase Tax for New Energy Vehicle , with effect from January 1,
2021, which extends the vehicle purchase tax exemption period provided under the above two
announcements till December 31, 2022. On September 18, 2022, the Ministry of Finance, the State
Taxation Administration and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology jointly issued
the Announcement on Continuation of Policies for Exemption of Vehicle Purchase Tax for New
Energy Vehicle , with effect from September 18, 2022, which provides that the new energy vehicles
purchased during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 will be exempted from
the vehicle purchase tax. On June 19, 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration, jointly promulgated the
Announcement on Continuing and Optimizing the Vehicle Purchase Tax Reduction and Exemption
Policies for New Energy Vehicles , pursuant to which, the NEVs purchased during the period from
January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2025 are eligible for exemption from vehicle purchase tax, with
the amount of tax exemption for each new energy passenger vehicle not exceeding RMB30,000;
and the vehicle purchase tax on the NEVs purchased during the period from January 1, 2026 to
December 31, 2027 shall be reduced by half, with the amount of tax reduction for each new energy
passenger vehicle not exceeding RMB15,000.


Non-imposition of Vehicle and Vessel Tax

The Notice on Preferential Vehicle and Vessel Tax Policies for Energy-saving and New-energy
Vehicles and Vessels , which was jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry
of Transport, the State Taxation Administration and the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology on July 10, 2018, clarifies that NEVs are not subject to vehicle and vessel tax.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023   151
      PART I


                 New Energy Vehicle License Plate

                 In recent years, in order to control the number of motor vehicles on the road, certain local
                 governments have issued restrictions on the issuance of vehicle license plates. These restrictions
                 generally do not apply to the issuance of license plates for new energy vehicles, which makes it
                 easier for purchasers of new energy vehicles to obtain automobile license plates. For example,
                 pursuant to the recently issued Implementation Measures on Encouraging Purchase and Use
                 of New Energy Vehicles in Shanghai , which took effect on January 1, 2024 and remain valid
                 until December 31, 2024, local authorities will issue new automobile license plates to qualified
                 purchasers of new energy vehicles without requiring such qualified purchasers to go through
                 certain license-plate bidding processes and to pay license-plate purchase fees as compared with
                 purchasers of ICE vehicles.


                 Regulations on Value-added Telecommunications Services

                 In 2000, the State Council promulgated the Telecommunications Regulations of the PRC ,
                 which was most recently amended in February 2016 and provides a regulatory framework
                 for telecommunications services providers in the PRC. These regulations categorize all
                 telecommunications businesses in China as either basic or value-added. Value-added
                 telecommunications services are defined as telecommunications and information services
                 provided through public network infrastructure. Pursuant to the Classified Catalogue of
                 Telecommunications Services , an attachment to these regulations, which was most recently
                 updated in June 2019 by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, internet
                 information services, or ICP services, are classified as value-added telecommunications services.
                 Under these regulations and administrative measures, commercial operators of value-added
                 telecommunications services must first obtain a license for conducting internet content provision
                 services, or an ICP license, from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology or its
                 provincial level counterparts. Otherwise, such operator might be subject to sanctions, including
                 corrective orders and warnings, imposition of fines and confiscation of illegal gains and, in the
                 case of significant infringement, orders to close the website.


                 Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services , promulgated by the
                 State Council in 2000 and amended in 2011, “internet information services” refer to the provision
                 of information through the internet to online users, and are divided into “commercial internet
                 information services” and “non-commercial internet information services.” A commercial ICP
                 service operator must obtain an ICP license before engaging in any commercial ICP service within
                 China, while the ICP license is not required if the operator will only provide internet information on
                 a non-commercial basis.




152   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


In addition to the regulations and measures above, the provision of commercial internet
information services on mobile internet applications are regulated by the Administrative Provisions
on Information Services of Mobile Internet Applications , promulgated by the CAC in June 2022,
which took effect on August 1, 2022. Pursuant to these provisions, the mobile internet applications
providers shall acquire qualifications required by laws and regulations and implement the
information security management responsibilities strictly and fulfill their obligations, including
real-name system, protection of users’ information, examination and management of information
content, and shall comply with provisions on the scope of necessary personal information when
engaging in personal information processing activities. In addition, such providers shall not
compel the user to agree to the processing of personal information for any reason and refuse the
user to use its basic functions and services as the user does not agree to provide non-essential
personal information.


The Regulations for the Administration of Foreign-Invested Telecommunications Enterprises ,
promulgated by the State Council on December 11, 2001 and latest amended on March 29, 2022,
which took effect on May 1, 2022, requires that the ultimate foreign equity ownership in a value-
added telecommunications services provider may not exceed 50%, except as otherwise stipulated
by the state. In addition, the telecommunications enterprises must obtain approval from the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or its authorized local counterparts, before
launching the value-added telecommunications business in China.


Regulations on Autonomous Driving

On July 27, 2021, the Ministry of Public Security and the Ministry of Transport issued
Administration of Road Testing and Demonstration Application of Intelligent Connected Vehicles
(Trial Implementation) , or the Circular No. 97, which took effect on September 1, 2021, and is the
primary regulation governing protocol of road testing and demonstration application of intelligent
connected vehicles in the PRC. Pursuant to the Circular No. 97, any entity intending to conduct
the road testing and demonstration application of intelligent connected vehicles must apply for
and obtain a temporary license plate for each tested vehicle. To qualify for such temporary license
plate, an applicant entity must satisfy, among others, the following requirements: (i) it must be an
independent legal person registered under PRC law with the capacity to conduct manufacturing,
technological research or testing of automobiles and automobile parts, which has established
protocols to test and assess the performance of autonomous driving functionalities of intelligent
connected vehicles and is capable of conducting real-time remote monitor of the tested vehicles,
and has the ability to ensure the network security of tested vehicles and remote monitoring
platform; (ii) the tested vehicle must be equipped with a driving system that can switch between
autonomous driving mode and human driving mode in a safe, quick and simple manner and
ensures human driver to take control of the tested vehicle any time immediately when necessary;
(iii) the tested vehicle must be equipped with the function of recording, storing and real-time
monitoring the condition of the tested vehicle and is able to transmit real-time data of the tested
vehicle, such as the control mode, location and speed; (iv) it must sign an employment contract
or a labor service contract with the driver of the tested vehicle, who must be a licensed driver of




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      153
      PART I


                 corresponding vehicle types with more than three years’ driving experience and a track record of
                 safe driving and is familiar with the testing protocol or application scheme for autonomous driving
                 system and proficient in operating the system; and (v) it must provide the safety self-declaration,
                 the result of risk assessment on network security, the proof of corresponding measures taken
                 against such risk and other materials to the competent department, and insure each tested
                 vehicle for at least RMB5 million against vehicle accidents or provide a letter of guarantee
                 covering the same. In addition, as to the demonstration application, the applicant entity could
                 also be a consortium of several independent legal persons and has the operational capability of
                 demonstration application and relevant scheme.


                 During the road testing and demonstration application, the tested vehicle shall be marked with
                 the words such as “autonomous driving road test” or “for autonomous driving demonstration
                 purposes” in a noticeable manner and the autonomous driving mode shall not be used unless in
                 the permitted areas specified in the safety self-declaration, and the entity shall not make any
                 changes of software and hardware that may affect the function and performance of the tested
                 vehicle without providing the safety description materials to the competent department in
                 advance. In addition, the entity is required to submit to the competent department a periodical
                 report every six months and a final report within one month after the completion of road testing
                 and demonstration application. In the case of a vehicle accident which causes severe injury or
                 death of personnel or vehicle damage, the entity must report such accident to the competent
                 department within 24 hours and submit a comprehensive analysis report in writing covering cause
                 analysis, final liability allocation results, etc. within five working days after the traffic enforcement
                 agency determines the liability for the accident.


                 On March 24, 2021, the Ministry of Public Security issued the Draft Proposed Amendments of the
                 Road Traffic Safety Law . The proposal clarifies, among other things, the requirements related
                 to road testing of, and access by, vehicles equipped with autonomous driving functions, as well
                 as regulating how liability for traffic violations and accidents will be allocated. The proposal
                 stipulates that vehicles equipped with autonomous driving functions should first pass tests
                 in closed roads and venues and obtain temporary license plates before embarking on road
                 testing. Further such road testing should be conducted at designated times, areas and routes in
                 accordance with the law. After passing the road test, vehicles equipped with autonomous driving
                 functions can be manufactured, imported and sold in accordance with the laws and regulations,
                 and those needing access to the road must apply for motor vehicle number plates. The proposal
                 provides that when vehicles equipped with autonomous driving functions and human driving
                 modes are involved in road traffic violations or accidents, the responsibility of the driver or the
                 autonomous driving system developer shall be determined in accordance with laws, as well as the
                 liability for damage. For vehicles on the road that are equipped with autonomous driving functions
                 without human driving modes, this liability issue should be separately dealt with by departments
                 of the State Council.




154   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


According to the Notice on Promoting the Development of Intelligent Connected Vehicles and
Maintaining the Security of Surveying and Mapping Geographic Information issued by the Ministry
of Natural Resources of the PRC on August 25, 2022, if an intelligent connected vehicle is equipped
with or integrated with certain sensors, the collection, storage, transmission and processing of
surveying and mapping geographic information and data, including spatial coordinates, images,
point clouds and their attribute information, of vehicles and surrounding road facilities in the
process of road test, will be considered surveying and mapping activities. Persons who collect,
store, transmit and process such surveying and mapping geographic information and data, will
be the main actors of surveying and mapping activities. Additionally, if any vehicle manufacturer,
service provider or smart driving software provider that is a domestic enterprise needs to engage
in the collection, storage, transmission and processing of surveying and mapping geographic
information and data, it shall obtain the corresponding surveying and mapping qualification or
entrust an agency with the corresponding surveying and mapping qualification to carry out the
intended activities; if any vehicle manufacturer, service provider or smart driving software provider
that is a foreign-invested enterprise needs to engage in the collection, storage, transmission and
processing of surveying and mapping geographic information and data, it shall entrust an agency
with corresponding surveying and mapping qualification to carry out the intended activities, and
the entrusted agency shall undertake the collection, storage, transmission and processing of
the relevant spatial coordinates, images, point clouds and their attribute information and other
businesses, and provide geographic information service and support.


Regulations on Consumer Rights Protection

Our business is subject to a variety of consumer protection laws, including the PRC Consumer
Rights and Interests Protection Law, as amended in 2013 and took effect on March 15, 2014,
which imposes stringent requirements and obligations on business operators. Failure to comply
with these consumer protection laws could subject us to administrative sanctions, such as
the issuance of a warning, confiscation of illegal income, imposition of fines, an order to cease
business operations, revocation of business licenses, as well as potential civil or criminal
liabilities.


On March 15, 2024, the State Council promulgated the Implementation Regulations on the PRC
Consumer Rights and Interests Protection Law , which will take effect on July 1, 2024. These
implementation regulations refine and supplement the provisions on operator obligations,
improve the provisions related to the online consumption, and strengthen the obligations of
prepaid consumption operators. For example, (i) operators shall not use standard clauses to
unreasonably exempt or reduce their liabilities, aggravate consumers’ liabilities, or restrict
consumers’ rights to change or terminate contracts in accordance with the law, choose litigation
or arbitration to resolve disputes, or choose goods or services from other operators; (ii) operators
shall not excessively collect consumers’ personal information, and shall not force or covertly
force consumers to consent to the collection and use of personal information that is not directly
related to business activities by means of a general authorization, default authorization, or other
methods; (iii) without the consent of consumers, operators shall not send commercial information
or make commercial phone calls to consumers; if consumers agree to receive such information
or calls, operators shall provide clear and convenient cancellation methods; if consumers choose




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      155
      PART I


                 to cancel, operators shall immediately stop sending such information or making such calls; (iv)
                 operators shall use an easy-to-understand method to provide consumers with information related
                 to goods or services truly and comprehensively, and shall not set different prices or charging
                 standards for the same goods or services under the same conditions without the knowledge
                 of consumers; and (v) if operators provide services through automatic extension or automatic
                 renewal, they shall bring it to the attention of consumers in a conspicuous manner before
                 consumers accept the services and before the date of automatic extension or automatic renewal.


                 Regulations on Internet Information Security and Privacy Protection

                 In December 2012, the Standing Committee of the National People’ s Congress of China
                 promulgated the Decision on Strengthening Network Information Protection to enhance the legal
                 protection of information security and privacy on the internet. This decision also requires internet
                 operators to take measures to ensure confidentiality of information of users.


                 In July 2013, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology promulgated the Provisions
                 on Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users to regulate the
                 collection and use of users’ personal information in the provision of telecommunication service
                 and internet information service in China.


                 On July 1, 2015, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated
                 the PRC National Security Law , which took effect on the same day. The PRC National Security Law
                 provides that the state shall safeguard the sovereignty, security and cyber security development
                 interests of the state, and that the state shall establish a national security review and supervision
                 system to review, among other things, foreign investment, key technologies, internet and
                 information technology products and services, and other important activities that are likely to
                 impact the national security of the PRC.


                 In August 2015, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated
                 the Ninth Amendment to the Criminal Law , which took effect in November 2015 and amended
                 the standards of crime of infringing citizens’ personal information and reinforced the criminal
                 culpability of unlawful collection, transaction, and provision of personal information. It further
                 provides that any ICP provider that fails to fulfill the obligations related to internet information
                 security administration as required by applicable laws and refuses to rectify upon orders will be
                 subject to criminal liability.


                 In November 2016, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
                 promulgated the Cyber Security Law of the PRC , which took effect on June 1, 2017. The Cyber
                 Security Law requires that a network operator take technical measures and other necessary
                 measures in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the compulsory requirements
                 of the national and industrial standards to safeguard the safe and stable operation of its
                 networks. We are subject to such requirements as we are operating internet of vehicles, a
                 website and mobile application and providing certain internet services mainly through our mobile
                 application. The Cyber Security Law further requires network operators to formulate contingency
                 plans for network security incidents, report to the competent departments immediately upon the
                 occurrence of any incident endangering cyber security and take corresponding remedial measures.


156   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


Network operators are also required to maintain the integrity, confidentiality and availability of
network data. The Cyber Security Law reaffirms the basic principles and requirements specified in
other existing laws and regulations on personal data protection, such as the requirements on the
collection, use, processing, storage and disclosure of personal data, and network operators being
required to take technical and other necessary measures to ensure the security of the personal
information they have collected and prevent the personal information from being divulged,
damaged or lost. Any violation of the Cyber Security Law may subject the internet information
services provider to warnings, fines, confiscation of illegal gains, revocation of licenses,
cancellation of filings, shutdown of websites or criminal liabilities.


The General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine and Standardization
Administration issued the Standard of Information Security Technology – Personal Information
Security Specification (2017 edition) , which took effect in May 2018, and the Standard of
Information Security Technology – Personal Information Security Specification (2020 edition) ,
which took effect in October 2020. Pursuant to these standards, any entity or person who has
the authority or right to determine the purposes for and methods of using or processing personal
information are seen as a personal data controller. Such personal data controller is required to
collect information in accordance with applicable laws, and prior to collecting such data, the
information provider’s consent is required.


On November 28, 2019, the Secretary Bureau of the CAC, the General Office of the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology, the General Office of the Ministry of Public Security and the
General Office of the State Administration for Market Regulation jointly issued the Notice on the
Measures for Determining the Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information through Mobile
Applications , which aims to provide reference for supervision and administration departments and
provide guidance for mobile applications operators’ internal examination and internal correction
and social supervision by netizens, and further elaborates the forms of behavior constituting
illegal collection and use of the personal information through mobile applications including: (i)
failing to publish the rules on the collection and use of personal information; (ii) failing to explicitly
explain the purposes, methods and scope of the collection and use of personal information; (iii)
collecting and using personal information without the users’ consent; (iv) collecting personal
information unrelated to the services they provide and beyond the necessary principle; (v)
providing personal information to others without the users’ consent; (vi) failing to provide the
function of deleting or correcting the personal information according to the laws or failing to
publish information such as ways of filing complaints and reports.


In addition, on May 28, 2020, the National People’s Congress of China approved the PRC Civil Code ,
which took effect on January 1, 2021. Pursuant to the PRC Civil Code , the collection, storage,
use, process, transmission, provision and disclosure of personal information should follow the
principles of legitimacy, properness and necessity.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023       157
      PART I


                 On May 12, 2021, the CAC issued the Several Provisions on Automobile Data Security Management
                 (Draft for Comment) , which further elaborates the principles and requirements for the protection
                 of personal information and important data in the automobile industry scenarios, and defines
                 enterprise or institution engaged in the automobile design, manufacture, and service as an
                 operator. Such operator is required to process personal information or important data in
                 accordance with applicable laws and regulations during the process of design, production, sales,
                 operation, maintenance, and management of automobile. On August 16, 2021, the CAC, the
                 NDRC, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and
                 the Ministry of Transport jointly promulgated the Several Provisions on Automobile Data Security
                 Management (Trial Implementation) , or the Provisions on Automobile Data Security, which took
                 effect from October 1, 2021 and clearly defines the definition of automobile data, automobile
                 data processing, automobile data processor, personal information, sensitive personal information
                 and important data, and aims to regulate the collection, analysis, storage, utilization, provision,
                 publication, and cross-border transmission of personal information and important data generated
                 throughout the lifecycle of automobiles by automobile designers, producers and service providers.
                 Automobile data processors, including automobile manufacturers, compartment and software
                 providers, dealers, maintenance providers are required to process personal information and
                 important data in accordance with applicable laws during the automobile design, manufacture,
                 sales, operation, maintenance and management. To process personal information, automobile
                 data processors shall obtain the consent of the individual or conform to other circumstances
                 stipulated by laws and regulations. Pursuant to the Provisions on Automobile Data Security,
                 important data shall be stored within the PRC and a cross-border data security assessment shall
                 be conducted by the national cyberspace administration authority in concert with departments
                 under the State Council if there is a need to provide such data overseas. The security management
                 for the cross-border transfer of personal information which is not included in important data
                 shall be governed by the PRC laws and regulations. To process important data, automobile
                 data processors shall conduct risk assessment in accordance with regulations and submit risk
                 assessment reports to related departments at provincial levels.


                 On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
                 promulgated the Data Security Law of the PRC , which took effect in September 2021. The Data
                 Security Law sets forth data security and privacy related compliance obligations on entities and
                 individuals carrying out data related activities. The Data Security Law also introduces a data
                 classification and layered protection system based on the importance of data and the degree of
                 impact on national security, public interests or legitimate rights and interests of individuals or
                 organizations when such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked or illegally acquired or used.
                 In addition, the Data Security Law provides a national security review procedure for those data
                 activities that may affect national security, and imposes export restrictions on certain data and
                 information. According to the PRC National Security Law , the State shall establish institutions
                 and mechanisms for national security review and regulation, and conduct national security review
                 on certain matters that affect or may affect PRC national security, such as key technologies and
                 IT products and services. Furthermore, the Data Security Law also provides that any organization
                 or individual within the territory of the PRC shall not provide any foreign judicial body and law
                 enforcement body with any data without the approval of the competent PRC governmental
                 authorities. In early July 2021, regulatory authorities in China launched cybersecurity
                 investigations with regard to several China-based companies that are listed in the United States.

158   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


In July 2021, General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and
the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down
on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law , which were made available to the public on
July 6, 2021. The opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal
securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese
companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction of regulatory systems, will be
taken to deal with the risks and incidents of China-concept overseas listed companies. As of the
date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions from
PRC governmental authorities in connection with the above contents of the opinions.


On December 28, 2021, the CAC, the NDRC, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of National Security, the Ministry of Finance, the
Ministry of Commerce, the People’s Bank of China, the State Administration for Market Regulation,
the National Radio and Television Administration, the CSRC, the National Administration of State
Secrets Protection and the State Cryptography Administration jointly released the Cybersecurity
Review Measures , which took effect on February 15, 2022. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review
Measures, network platform operators with information of over one million users shall be subject
to cybersecurity review before listing abroad. The cybersecurity review will evaluate, among other
things, the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data, or the risk of a
large amount of personal information being influenced, controlled or maliciously used by foreign
governments after going public, and cyber information security risk.


On July 30, 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the Opinion on
Strengthening the Access Administration of Intelligent Connected Vehicles Manufacturing
Enterprises and Their Products, which provided responsibilities of intelligent connected vehicles
manufacturing enterprises, and required such enterprises to strengthen the management of
vehicle data security, cyber security, software updates, function safety and intended function
safety. Furthermore, this opinion stated that vehicles manufacturing enterprises shall conduct
cybersecurity reviews prior to transmitting data abroad.


On July 30, 2021, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the Security
of Critical Information Infrastructure , which took effect in September 2021. These regulations
supplement and specify the provisions on the security of critical information infrastructure as
stated in the Cyber Security Law. These regulations provide, among other things, that protection
department of certain industry or sector shall notify the operator of the critical information
infrastructure in time after the identification of certain critical information infrastructure.
According to these regulations, operators of certain industries or sectors that may endanger
national security, people’s livelihood and public interest in case of damage, function loss or
data leakage may be identified as critical information infrastructure operators by the CAC or
the respective industrial regulatory authorities once they meet the identification standards
promulgated by the authorities.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      159
      PART I


                 On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
                 promulgated the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC , which took effect in November
                 2021. As the first systematic and comprehensive law specifically for the protection of personal
                 information in the PRC, the Personal Information Protection Law provides, among other things,
                 that (i) an individual’s separate consent shall be obtained before operation of such individual’s
                 sensitive personal information, e.g., biometric characteristics and individual location tracking, (ii)
                 personal information operators operating sensitive personal information shall notify individuals
                 of the necessity of such operations and the influence on the individuals’ rights, (iii) if personal
                 information operators reject individuals’ requests to exercise their rights, individuals may file a
                 lawsuit with a People’s Court.


                 On October 29, 2021, the CAC issued the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Exit
                 (Draft for Comment) , and on July 7, 2022, the CAC finally adopted the Measures for the Security
                 Assessment of Data Exit , which took into effect on September 1, 2022 and stipulates that data
                 processors who provide overseas the personal information and important data collected and
                 generated during operations within the PRC shall be subject to security assessment by the
                 CAC. Specifically, if the data processor provides data overseas and meets one of the following
                 circumstances, it shall declare the security assessment: (i) personal information by operators of
                 critical information infrastructure; (ii) the data contains important data; (iii) personal information
                 processors who have processed personal information of one million people provide personal
                 information abroad; (iv) accumulatively provided personal information of more than one hundred
                 thousand people or sensitive personal information of more than ten thousand people abroad
                 since January 1 of the previous year; and (v) other circumstances as specified by the CAC. The
                 assessment results of the data exit are valid for two years.


                 In addition, on November 14, 2021, the Administration Regulations on Cyber Data Security (Draft
                 for Comments) were proposed by the CAC for public comments until December 13, 2021. These
                 regulations set out general guidelines, protection of personal information, security of important
                 data, security management of cross-border data transfer, obligations of internet platform
                 operators, supervision and management, and legal liabilities. Key requirements include: (i) data
                 processors shall enhance the security protection of data processing systems, data transmission
                 networks, and data storage environments, among other things, under the graded cybersecurity
                 protection requirements, and any system that processes important data shall in principle meet
                 the security protection requirements for Level 3 or higher cyberspace and critical information
                 infrastructure, and any system that processes core data shall be strictly protected in accordance
                 with regulations; (ii) data processors should establish a data security emergency response
                 mechanism, and promptly start the emergency response mechanism in the event of a data
                 security incident; (iii) the detailed rules for data processors to apply when providing personal
                 information to third parties, or sharing, trading or entrusting important data to third parties; (iv)
                 the scenarios of cybersecurity review which shall be subject to Cybersecurity Review Measures; (v)
                 the definitions of important data and processors’ security protection obligations; (vi) the detailed
                 rules on cross-border data transfer which added missing details to the Personal Information




160   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Protection Law; (vii) data processors processing personal information of more than one million
individuals shall also comply with the regulations for processing of important data; and (viii) data
processors dealing with important data or listing overseas (including Hong Kong) should carry out
an annual data security assessment by themselves or by entrusting data security service agencies,
and each year before January 31, data security assessment report for the previous year shall be
submitted to the districted city level cyberspace administration department. In addition, these
regulations reiterate that data processors which process the personal information of at least one
million individuals must apply for a cybersecurity review if they are to be listed abroad, and further
require the data processors that carry out the following activities to apply for cybersecurity review
in accordance with the laws and regulations: (i) the merger, reorganization or division of internet
platform operators that have gathered a large number of data resources related to national
security, economic development and public interests affects or may affect national security; (ii)
the listing of the data processor in Hong Kong affects or may affect national security; and (iii)
other data processing activities that affect or may affect national security. Furthermore, in one of
the following situations, data processors shall delete or anonymize personal information within
15 business days: (i) the purpose of processing personal information has been achieved or the
purpose of processing is no longer needed; (ii) the storage term agreed with the users or specified
in the personal information processing rules has expired; (iii) the service has been terminated
or the account has been canceled by the individual; or (iv) unnecessary personal information or
personal information unavoidably collected due to the use of automatic data collection technology
but without the consent of the individual. Any failure to comply with such requirements may
subject us to, among other consequences, suspension of services, fines, revoking business
permits or business licenses and penalties. As of the date of this annual report, there is no
definite timetable as to when these regulations will be enacted.


On December 8, 2022, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology published the
Administration Measures on Data Security in the Field of Industry and Information Technology
(Trial Implementation) , which took effect on January 1, 2023. Such measures require the
industrial and telecom data processors to further implement data classification and hierarchical
management, take necessary measures to ensure that data remains effectively protected and
being lawfully applied and conduct data security risk monitoring. Such measures also provide the
definitions of “core data” and “important data” in the field of industry and information technology.


Regulations on E-Commerce

On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
promulgated the E-Commerce Law of the PRC , which took effect as of January 1, 2019. The
E-Commerce Law establishes the regulatory framework for the e-commerce sector in the PRC for
the first time by laying out certain requirements on e-commerce platform operators. According
to the E-Commerce Law, the e-commerce platform operators shall prepare a contingency plan
for cybersecurity events and take technological measures and other measures to prevent online
illegal and criminal activities. The E-Commerce Law also expressly requires e-commerce platform
operators to take necessary actions to ensure fair dealing on their platforms to safeguard the
legitimate rights and interests of consumers, including to prepare platform service agreements




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      161
      PART I


                 and transaction information record-keeping and transaction rules, to prominently display such
                 documents on the platform’s website, and to keep such information for no less than three years
                 following the completion of a transaction. Where the e-commerce platform operators conduct
                 its own business on their platforms, they shall distinguish and mark their business from the
                 businesses of the business operators using the platform in a prominent manner, and shall not
                 mislead consumers. The e-commerce platform operators shall bear civil liability of a commodity
                 seller or service provider for its own business, pursuant to the law.


                 Regulations on Insurance Brokerage

                 According to Insurance Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National
                 People’s Congress of China on June 30, 1995 and latest amended on April 24, 2015, which
                 took effect on April 24, 2015, insurance brokers shall meet the conditions prescribed by the
                 insurance regulatory agency of the State Council and obtain the license for operating insurance
                 brokerage business. On February 1, 2018, China Insurance Regulatory Commission which has
                 been merged into the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, promulgated the
                 Regulatory Provisions on Insurance Brokerages , which took effect on May 1, 2018. Pursuant to
                 these provisions, insurance brokers shall mean institutions which provide intermediary services
                 for execution of insurance contracts between policyholders and insurance companies based on
                 interests of policyholders and collect commissions, including insurance brokerage companies and
                 their branches. Any insurance brokerage company operating insurance brokerage businesses in
                 the PRC shall satisfy the stipulated criteria and obtain a license for operating insurance brokerage
                 businesses. Whoever illegally engages in insurance brokerage business without a license shall
                 be banned, and its illegal gains shall be confiscated and it shall be fined not less than one time
                 and not more than five times the illegal gains; if there is no illegal gains or the illegal gains are
                 less than RMB50,000, a fine of not less than RMB50,000 and not more than RMB300,000 shall be
                 imposed.


                 According to the Service Guidelines for Approval of the Establishment of Insurance Brokerage
                 Institutions issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on September
                 30, 2021, insurance brokers whose foreign investment ratio is higher than or equal to 25% after
                 penetrating cumulative calculation are regarded as foreign-invested insurance brokers. Pursuant
                 to the Notice of the CBIRC General Office on Clarifying Relevant Measures for the Opening-up of
                 the Insurance broker Market issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
                 on December 3, 2021, overseas insurance brokerage companies with actual business experience
                 and complying with the provisions of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
                 are permitted to invest in and establish insurance brokerage companies in China to engage in
                 insurance brokerage business. However, in practice, subject to the qualifications set by the
                 China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission for foreign shareholders of the insurance
                 brokerage companies, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission typically would
                 not approve the establishment of foreign-invested insurance brokerage companies.




162   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Regulations on Land and the Development of Construction Projects

Regulations on Land Grants

Under the Interim Regulations on Assignment and Transfer of the Rights to the Use of the State-
owned Urban Land of the PRC , promulgated by the State Council on May 19, 1990 and latest
amended on November 29, 2020, a system of assignment and transfer of the right to use state-
owned land was adopted. A land user must pay land premiums to the state as consideration
for the assignment of the right to use a land site within a certain term, and the land user who
obtained the right to use the land may transfer, lease out, mortgage or otherwise commercially
exploit the land within the term of use. Under the Interim Regulations on Assignment and Transfer
of the Rights to the Use of the State-owned Urban Land of the PRC and the Law of the PRC on
Urban Real Estate Administration , the local land administration authority may enter into an
assignment contract with the land user for the assignment of land use rights. The land user is
required to pay the land premium as provided in the assignment contract. After the full payment
of the land premium, the land user must register with the land administration authority and obtain
a land use rights certificate which evidences the acquisition of land use rights.


Regulations on Planning of a Construction Project

Pursuant to the Regulations on Planning Administration regarding Assignment and Transfer of the
Rights to Use of the State-Owned Land in Urban Area promulgated by the Ministry of Construction
in December 1992 and amended in January 2011, a construction land planning permit shall
be obtained from the municipal planning authority with respect to the planning and use of
land. According to the Urban and Rural Planning Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing
Committee of the National People’s Congress of China on October 28, 2007 and latest amended
on April 23, 2019, a construction work planning permit must be obtained from the competent
urban and rural planning government authority for the construction of any structure, fixture, road,
pipeline or other engineering project within an urban or rural planning area.


After obtaining a construction work planning permit, subject to certain exceptions, a construction
enterprise must apply for a construction work commencement permit from the construction
authority under the local people’s government at the county level or above in accordance with the
Administrative Provisions on Construction Permit of Construction Projects promulgated by the
Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development on June 25, 2014 and implemented on October
25, 2014 and latest amended on March 30, 2021.


Pursuant to the Administrative Measures for Reporting Details Regarding Acceptance Examination
upon Completion of Buildings and Municipal Infrastructure promulgated by the Ministry of
Construction on April 4, 2000 and amended on October 19, 2009 and the Provisions on Acceptance
Examination upon Completion of Buildings and Municipal Infrastructure promulgated and
implemented by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development on December 2, 2013,
upon the completion of a construction project, the construction enterprise must submit an
application to the competent department in the people’s government at or above county level
where the project is located, for examination upon completion of building and for filing purpose;
and to obtain the filing form for acceptance and examination upon completion of construction
project.



                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023   163
      PART I


                 Regulations on Environmental Protection and Work Safety

                 Regulations on Environmental Protection

                 Pursuant to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee
                 of the National People’s Congress of China, on December 26, 1989, latest amended on April 24,
                 2014 and effective on January 1, 2015, any entity which discharges or will discharge pollutants
                 during the course of operations or other activities must implement effective environmental
                 protection safeguards and procedures to control and properly treat waste gas, waste water, waste
                 residue, dust, malodorous gases, radioactive substances, noise, vibrations, electromagnetic
                 radiation and other hazards produced during such activities.


                 Environmental protection authorities impose various administrative penalties on persons or
                 enterprises in violation of the Environmental Protection Law. Such penalties include warnings,
                 fines, orders to rectify within the prescribed period, orders to cease construction, orders to
                 restrict or suspend production, orders to make recovery, orders to disclose information or make
                 an announcement, imposition of administrative action against responsible persons, and orders
                 to shut down enterprises. Any person or entity that pollutes the environment resulting in damage
                 could also be held liable under the PRC Civil Code . In addition, environmental organizations may
                 also bring lawsuits against any entity that discharges pollutants detrimental to the public welfare.


                 Regulations on Work Safety

                 Under construction safety laws and regulations, including the Work Safety Law of the PRC, which
                 was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China on June
                 29, 2002, latest amended on June 10, 2021 and took effect on September 1, 2021, production and
                 operating business entities must establish objectives and measures for work safety and improve
                 the working environment and conditions for workers in a planned and systematic way. A work
                 safety protection scheme must also be set up to implement the work safety job responsibility
                 system. In addition, production and operating business entities must arrange work safety training
                 and provide the employees with protective equipment that meets the national standards or
                 industrial standards. Furthermore, production and operating business entities shall report their
                 major hazard sources and related safety and emergency measures to the emergency management
                 department and other departments for the record, and establish a safety risk grading control
                 system and take corresponding control measures. Automobile and components manufacturers
                 are subject to the above-mentioned environment protection and work safety requirements.




164   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


Regulations on Fire Control

Pursuant to the Fire Control Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee of the
National People’s Congress of China on April 29, 1998 and latest amended on April 29, 2021, for
special construction projects stipulated by the housing and urban-rural development authority
of the State Council, the developer shall submit the fire safety design documents to the housing
and urban-rural development authority for examination, while for construction projects other
than those stipulated as special development projects, the developer shall, at the time of applying
for the construction permit or approval for work commencement report, provide the fire safety
design drawings and technical materials which satisfy the construction needs. According to the
Interim Regulations on Administration of Examination and Acceptance of Fire Control Design
of Construction Projects promulgated on April 1, 2020 and effective on June 1, 2020, which
was latest amended on August 21, 2023, an examination system for fire prevention design and
acceptance only applies to special construction projects, and for other projects, a record-filing
and spot check system would be applied.


Regulations on Intellectual Property Rights

Patent Law

According to the Patent Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National
People’s Congress of China on March 12, 1984 and was latest amended in October 2020 and took
effect on June 1, 2021, the State Intellectual Property Office is responsible for administering
patent law in the PRC. The patent administration departments of provincial, autonomous region
or municipal governments are responsible for administering patent law within their respective
jurisdictions. The Chinese patent system adopts a first-to-file principle, which means that when
more than one person files different patent applications for the same invention, only the person
who files the application first is entitled to obtain a patent of the invention. To be patentable, an
invention or a utility model must meet three criteria: novelty, inventiveness and practicability. The
protection period is twenty years for an invention patent and ten years for a utility model patent
and fifteen years for a design patent, commencing from their respective application dates.


Regulations on Copyright

The Copyright Law of the PRC which took effect on June 1, 1991 and was latest amended in
2020 and took effect on June 1, 2021, provides that Chinese citizens, legal persons, or other
organizations shall, whether published or not, own copyright in their copyrightable works, which
include, among others, works of literature, art, natural science, social science, engineering
technology and computer software. Copyright owners enjoy certain legal rights, including right of
publication, right of authorship and right of reproduction. The Copyright Law extends copyright
protection to internet activities, products disseminated over the internet and software products. In
addition, the Copyright Law provides for a voluntary registration system administered by the China
Copyright Protection Center. According to the Copyright Law, an infringer of the copyrights shall be
subject to various civil liabilities, which include ceasing infringement activities, apologizing to the
copyright owners and compensating the loss of the copyright owner. Infringers of a copyright may
also be subject to fines and/or administrative or criminal liabilities in severe situations.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      165
      PART I


                 Pursuant to the Computer Software Copyright Protection Regulations promulgated by the State
                 Council on December 20, 2001, latest amended on January 30, 2013 and took effect on March 1,
                 2013, the software copyright owner may go through the registration formalities with a software
                 registration authority recognized by the State Council’s copyright administrative department.
                 The software copyright owner may authorize others to exercise that copyright, and is entitled to
                 receive remuneration.


                 Trademark Law

                 Trademarks are protected by the Trademark Law of the PRC which was adopted on August 23,
                 1982 and latest amended in 2019, as well as by the Implementation Regulations of the PRC
                 Trademark Law adopted by the State Council in 2002 and latest amended on April 29, 2014.
                 The Trademark Office under the State Administration for Market Regulation handles trademark
                 registrations. The Trademark Office grants a ten-year term to registered trademarks and the term
                 may be renewed for another ten-year period upon request by the trademark owner. A trademark
                 registrant may license its registered trademarks to another party by entering into trademark
                 license agreements, which must be filed with the Trademark Office for its record. As with patents,
                 the Trademark Law of the PRC has adopted a first-to-file principle with respect to trademark
                 registration. If a trademark applied for is identical or similar to another trademark which has
                 already been registered or subject to a preliminary examination and approval for use on the same
                 or similar kinds of products or services, such trademark application may be rejected. Any person
                 applying for the registration of a trademark may not injure existing trademark rights first obtained
                 by others, nor may any person register in advance a trademark that has already been used by
                 another party and has already gained a “sufficient degree of reputation” through such party’s use.


                 Regulations on Domain Names

                 The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology promulgated the Measures on Administration
                 of Internet Domain Names on August 24, 2017, which took effect on November 1, 2017. According
                 to these measures, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology is in charge of the
                 administration of PRC internet domain names. The domain name registration follows a first-to-
                 file principle. Applicants for registration of domain names must provide the true, accurate and
                 complete information of their identities to domain name registration service institutions. The
                 applicants will become the holder of such domain names upon the completion of the registration
                 procedure.




166   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Regulations on Foreign Investment in China

Catalogue for the Guidance of Foreign Investment Industries

Investments in the PRC by foreign investors and foreign-invested enterprises were regulated
by the Catalogue for the Guidance of Foreign Investment Industries , jointly promulgated by
the Ministry of Commerce and NDRC on June 28, 1995 and amended from time to time. This
catalogue was last repealed by the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for Foreign
Investment Access (2021 Version) , or the 2021 Negative List, which was jointly promulgated by the
Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC on December 27, 2021 and took effect on January 1, 2022,
and the Catalogue of Industries for Encouraging Foreign Investment (2022 Version) , or the 2022
Encouraging Catalogue, which was jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC
on October 26, 2022 and took effect on January 1, 2023. The 2022 Encouraging Catalogue and
the 2021 Negative List set out the industries and economic activities in which foreign investment
in the PRC is encouraged, restricted or prohibited. Pursuant to the 2022 Encouraging Catalogue,
the research and development and manufacture of key parts and components of NEVs fall within
the encouraged catalogue, and the 2021 Negative List lifts the limit on foreign ownership of
automakers for ICE passenger vehicles. However, the 2021 Negative List provides that foreign
investors shall hold no more than 50% of the equity interest in a service provider operating certain
value-added telecommunications services (other than for e-commerce, domestic multi-parties
communications, storage and forwarding categories, call centers), and foreign investors are
prohibited to invest in certain services related to autonomous driving.


The establishment, operation and management of corporate entities in the PRC is governed by
the PRC Company Law , which was latest amended on December 29, 2023 and will take effect on
July 1, 2024. The PRC Company Law governs two types of companies – limited liability companies
and joint stock limited companies. The PRC Company Law shall also apply to foreign-invested
companies. Where laws on foreign investment have other stipulations, such stipulations shall
prevail. The primary amendments in the latest amended PRC Company Law include revisions
aimed at improving the company’s establishment and exit system, optimizing the company’s
organizational structure, detailing exercise of shareholder rights, perfecting the company’s capital
system and strengthening the responsibilities of controlling shareholders and management
personnel, etc. The establishment procedures, approval or record-filing procedures, registered
capital requirements, foreign exchange matters, accounting practices, taxation and labor matters
of a wholly foreign-owned enterprise are regulated by the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC ,
which took effect on January 1, 2020.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      167
      PART I


                 Foreign Investment Law

                 On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the Foreign Investment
                 Law, which took effect on January 1, 2020. The Foreign Investment Law embodies an expected
                 PRC regulatory trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing
                 international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both
                 foreign and domestic invested enterprises in China. The Foreign Investment Law establishes the
                 basic framework for the access to, and the promotion, protection and administration of foreign
                 investments in view of investment protection and fair competition.


                 According to the Foreign Investment Law, “foreign investment” refers to investment activities
                 directly or indirectly conducted by one or more natural persons, business entities, or otherwise
                 organizations of a foreign country, or collectively the foreign investor, within China, and the
                 investment activities include the following situations: (i) a foreign investor, individually or
                 collectively with other investors, establishes a foreign-invested enterprise within China; (ii) a
                 foreign investor acquires stock shares, equity shares, shares in assets, or other similar rights and
                 interests of an enterprise within China; (iii) a foreign investor, individually or collectively with other
                 investors, invests in a new project within China; and (iv) investments in other means as provided
                 by laws, administrative regulations or the State Council.


                 According to the Foreign Investment Law, the State Council will publish or approve to publish a
                 catalogue for special administrative measures, or the “negative list.” The Foreign Investment Law
                 grants national treatment to foreign invested entities, except for those foreign invested entities
                 that operate in industries deemed to be either “restricted” or “prohibited” in the “negative list.”
                 Because the “negative list” has yet been published, it is unclear whether it will differ from the
                 current 2021 Negative List. The Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested entities
                 operating in foreign restricted or prohibited industries will require market entry clearance and
                 other approvals from PRC governmental authorities.


                 Furthermore, the Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested enterprises established
                 before the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law may maintain their structure and
                 corporate governance within five years after the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law.




168   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


In addition, the Foreign Investment Law also provides several protective rules and principles
for foreign investors and their investments in the PRC, including, among others, that local
governments shall abide by their commitments to the foreign investors; foreign-invested
enterprises are allowed to issue stocks and corporate bonds; except for special circumstances,
in which case statutory procedures shall be followed and fair and reasonable compensation shall
be made in a timely manner, expropriation or requisition of the investment of foreign investors is
prohibited; mandatory technology transfer is prohibited; and the capital contributions, profits,
capital gains, proceeds out of asset disposal, licensing fees of intellectual property rights,
indemnity or compensation legally obtained, or proceeds received upon settlement by foreign
investors within China, may be freely remitted inward and outward in RMB or a foreign currency.
Also, foreign investors or the foreign investment enterprise should be imposed legal liabilities for
failing to report investment information in accordance with the requirements.


On December 26, 2019, the State Council promulgated the Implementation Regulations on the
Foreign Investment Law of the PRC , effective on January 1, 2020, which further requires that
foreign-invested enterprises and domestic enterprises shall be treated equally with respect to
policy making and implementation. Pursuant to the Implementation Regulations on the Foreign
Investment Law, if the existing foreign-invested enterprises fail to change their original forms as
of January 1, 2025, the market regulation departments will not process other registration matters
for the enterprises, and may disclose their information to the public.


On December 30, 2019, the Ministry of Commerce and the State Administration for Market
Regulation jointly issued the Measures for Reporting of Foreign Investment Information ,
which took effect on January 1, 2020. Since January 1, 2020, for foreign investors carrying out
investment activities directly or indirectly in the PRC, foreign investors or foreign-invested
enterprises shall submit investment information through the enterprise registration system and
the national enterprise credit information publicity system operated by the State Administration
for Market Regulation. Foreign investors or foreign-invested enterprises shall disclose their
investment information by submitting reports for their establishments, modifications and
cancellations and their annual reports in accordance with these measures. If a foreign-invested
enterprise investing in the PRC has finished submitting its reports for its establishment,
modifications and cancellation and its annual reports, the information will be shared by the
competent market regulation department to the competent commercial department, and
such foreign-invested enterprise is not required to submit the reports to the two departments
separately.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     169
      PART I


                 Regulations on Foreign Exchange

                 General Principles of Foreign Exchange

                 Under the Regulations on the Foreign Exchange System of the PRC promulgated on January
                 29, 1996 and most recently amended on August 5, 2008 and various regulations issued by the
                 State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, or the SAFE, and other PRC government
                 authorities, Renminbi is convertible into other currencies for current account items, such as
                 trade-related receipts and payments and payment of interest and dividends. The conversion of
                 Renminbi into other currencies and remittance of the converted foreign currency outside the PRC
                 of capital account items, such as direct equity investments, loans and repatriation of investment,
                 requires the prior approval from the SAFE or its local office.


                 Payments for transactions that take place within the PRC must be made in Renminbi. Unless
                 otherwise approved, PRC companies may not repatriate foreign currency payments received from
                 abroad or retain the same abroad. Foreign-invested enterprises may retain foreign exchange in
                 accounts with designated foreign exchange banks under the current account items subject to a
                 cap set by the SAFE or its local branch. Foreign exchange proceeds under the current accounts
                 may be either retained or sold to a financial institution engaged in settlement and sale of foreign
                 exchange pursuant to SAFE rules and regulations. For foreign exchange proceeds under the
                 capital accounts, approval from the SAFE is required for the retention or sale of such proceeds to
                 a financial institution engaged in settlement and sale of foreign exchange.


                 Pursuant to the Circular of the SAFE on Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange
                 Administration Policies for Direct Investment , or the SAFE Circular No. 59, promulgated by SAFE
                 on November 19, 2012, which took effect on December 17, 2012 and latest amended on December
                 30, 2019, approval of SAFE is not required for opening a foreign exchange account and depositing
                 foreign exchange into the accounts relating to the direct investments. The SAFE Circular No. 59
                 also simplified foreign exchange-related registration required for the foreign investors to acquire
                 the equity interests of Chinese companies and further improve the administration on foreign
                 exchange settlement for foreign-invested enterprises.


                 The Circular on Further Simplifying and Improving the Foreign Currency Management Policy on
                 Direct Investment , or the SAFE Circular No. 13, effective from June 1, 2015 and latest amended
                 on December 30, 2019, cancels the administrative approvals of foreign exchange registration of
                 direct domestic investment and direct overseas investment and simplifies the procedure of foreign
                 exchange-related registration. Pursuant to SAFE Circular No. 13, the investors shall register with
                 banks for direct domestic investment and direct overseas investment.




170   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


The Circular on Reforming the Management Approach regarding the Settlement of Foreign Capital
of Foreign-invested Enterprise , or the SAFE Circular No. 19, which was promulgated by the SAFE
on March 30, 2015 and latest amended on March 23, 2023, provides that a foreign-invested
enterprise may, according to its actual business needs, settle with a bank the portion of the
foreign exchange capital in its capital account for which the foreign exchange administration has
confirmed monetary capital contribution rights and interests (or for which the bank has registered
the injection of the monetary capital contribution into the account). Pursuant to SAFE Circular
No. 19, for the time being, foreign-invested enterprises are allowed to settle 100% of their foreign
exchange capital on a discretionary basis; a foreign-invested enterprise shall truthfully use its
capital for its own operational purposes within the scope of business; where an ordinary foreign-
invested enterprise makes domestic equity investment with the amount of foreign exchanges
settled, the foreign-invested enterprise must first go through domestic reinvestment registration
and open a corresponding account for foreign exchange settlement pending payment with the
foreign exchange administration or the bank at the place where it is registered.


The Circular on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange
Settlement of Capital Accounts , or the SAFE Circular No. 16, which was promulgated by the
SAFE and took effect on June 9, 2016, and latest amended on December 4, 2023, provides that
enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency into
Renminbi at their own discretion. SAFE Circular No. 16 also provides an integrated standard for
conversion of foreign exchange under capital account items (including, but not limited to, foreign
currency capital and foreign debts) on a basis of self-discretion, which applies to all enterprises
registered in the PRC.


According to the PRC Market Entities Registration Administrative Regulations promulgated by the
State Council on July 27, 2021 and effective on March 1, 2022, and other laws and regulations
governing the foreign-invested enterprises and company registrations, the establishment of
a foreign-invested enterprise and any capital increase and other major changes in a foreign-
invested enterprise shall be registered with the State Administration for Market Regulation or its
local counterparts, and shall be filed via the foreign investment comprehensive administrative
system, if such foreign-invested enterprise does not involve special access administrative
measures prescribed by the PRC government.


On October 23, 2019, the SAFE issued the Circular on Further Promoting Cross-border Trade
and Investment Facilitation . This circular allows the foreign-invested enterprises without equity
investment as in their approved business scope to use their capital obtained from foreign
exchange settlement to make domestic equity investment if the investments are real and in
compliance with the foreign investment-related laws and regulations. In addition, this circular
stipulates that qualified enterprises in certain pilot areas may use their capital income from
registered capital, foreign debt and overseas listing, for the purpose of domestic payments
without providing authenticity certifications to the banks in advance for those domestic payments.
Payments for transactions that take place within the PRC must be made in RMB. Foreign currency
revenues received by PRC companies may be repatriated into the PRC or retained outside of the
PRC in accordance with requirements and terms specified by SAFE.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      171
      PART I


                 Pursuant to SAFE Circular No. 13 and other laws and regulations relating to foreign exchange,
                 when setting up a new foreign-invested enterprise, the foreign-invested enterprise shall register
                 with the bank located at its registered place after obtaining the business license, and if there is
                 any change in capital or other changes relating to the basic information of the foreign-invested
                 enterprise, including, without limitation, any increase in its registered capital or total investment,
                 the foreign-invested enterprise must register such changes with the bank located at its registered
                 place after obtaining approval from or completing the filing with competent authorities. Pursuant
                 to the foreign exchange laws and regulations, the above-mentioned foreign exchange registration
                 with the banks will typically take less than four weeks upon the acceptance of the registration
                 application.


                 On December 4, 2023, the SAFE issued the Circular on Further Deepening the Reform to Facilitate
                 Cross-border Trade and Investment . This circular relaxes restrictions on the scale of preliminary
                 expenses for overseas direct investment, facilitates the payment and use of funds from equity
                 transfer under domestic reinvestment and funds raised from overseas listing of foreign direct
                 investment, improves the administration of the negative list for the use of revenue under the
                 capital account, and cancels the approval for the opening of foreign debt accounts at different
                 locations.


                 Based on the foregoing, if we intend to provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries
                 through capital injection at or after their establishment, we must register the establishment
                 of and any follow-on capital increase in our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries with the State
                 Administration for Market Regulation or its local counterparts, file such via the foreign investment
                 comprehensive administrative system and register such with the local banks for the foreign
                 exchange related matters.


                 Loans by the Foreign Companies to their PRC Subsidiaries

                 A loan made by foreign investors as shareholders in a foreign-invested enterprise is considered to
                 be foreign debt in China and is regulated by various laws and regulations, including the Regulation
                 of the PRC on Foreign Exchange Administration , the Interim Provisions on the Management of
                 Foreign Debts , the Statistical Monitoring of Foreign Debts Tentative Provisions (Revised in 2020) ,
                 the Administrative Measures for Registration of Foreign Debts , and the Administrative Measures
                 for Examination and Registration of Medium and Long-term Foreign Debts of Enterprises . Under
                 these rules and regulations, a shareholder loan in the form of foreign debt made to a PRC entity
                 does not require the prior approval of the SAFE. However, such foreign debt must be registered
                 with and recorded by the SAFE or its local branches within fifteen (15) business days after
                 entering into the foreign debt contract. Pursuant to these rules and regulations, the balance of the
                 foreign debts of a foreign-invested enterprise shall not exceed the difference between the total
                 investment and the registered capital of the foreign-invested enterprise, or the Total Investment
                 and Registered Capital Balance.




172   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


On January 12, 2017, the People’s Bank of China promulgated the Notice of the People’s Bank of
China on Matters concerning the Macro-Prudential Management of Full-Covered Cross-Border
Financing, or the PBOC Notice No. 9. Pursuant to PBOC Notice No. 9, within a transition period of
one year from January 12, 2017, the foreign-invested enterprises may adopt the currently valid
foreign debt management mechanism, or the mechanism as provided in PBOC Notice No. 9, at
their own discretions. PBOC Notice No. 9 provides that enterprises may conduct independent
cross-border financing in RMB or foreign currencies as required. Pursuant to PBOC Notice No. 9,
the outstanding cross-border financing of an enterprise (the outstanding balance drawn, here and
below) shall be calculated using a risk-weighted approach, and shall not exceed certain specified
upper limits. PBOC Notice No. 9 further provides that the upper limit of risk-weighted outstanding
cross-border financing for enterprises shall be equal to 200% of its net assets multiplied by
macro-prudential regulation parameter, or the Net Asset Limits. The macro-prudential regulation
parameter shall be 1. Enterprises shall file with the SAFE in its capital item information system
after entering into the cross-border financing contracts and prior to three business days before
drawing any money from the foreign debts. On July 20, 2023, the People’s Bank of China and the
SAFE raised the macro-prudential regulation parameter for cross-border financing of enterprises
and financial institutions from 1.25 to 1.5.


Based on the foregoing, if we provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries through
shareholder loans, the balance of such loans shall not exceed the Total Investment and Registered
Capital Balance and we will need to register such loans with the SAFE or its local branches in the
event that the currently valid foreign debt management mechanism applies, or the balance of
such loans shall be subject to the risk-weighted approach and the Net Asset Limits and we will
need to file the loans with the SAFE in its information system in the event that the mechanism as
provided in PBOC Notice No. 9 applies. According to PBOC Notice No. 9, after a transition period
of one year from January 12, 2017, the People’s Bank of China and the SAFE will determine the
cross-border financing administration mechanism for the foreign-invested enterprises after
evaluating the overall implementation of PBOC Notice No. 9. As of the date of this annual report,
neither the People’s Bank of China nor the SAFE has promulgated and made public any further
rules, regulations, notices or circulars in this regard. It is uncertain which mechanism will be
adopted by the People’s Bank of China and the SAFE in the future and what statutory limits will be
imposed on us when providing loans to our PRC subsidiaries.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023     173
      PART I


                 Offshore Investment

                 Under the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Issues Concerning the
                 Foreign Exchange Administration over the Overseas Investment and Financing and Round-trip
                 Investment by Domestic Residents via Special Purpose Vehicles, or the SAFE Circular 37, issued
                 by the SAFE and effective on July 4, 2014, PRC residents are required to register with the local
                 SAFE branch prior to the establishment or control of an offshore special purpose vehicle, which
                 is defined as an offshore enterprise directly established or indirectly controlled by PRC residents
                 for investment and financing purposes, with the enterprise assets or interests PRC residents hold
                 in China or overseas. The term “control” means to obtain the operation rights, right to proceeds or
                 decision-making power of an SPY through acquisition, trust, holding shares on behalf of others,
                 voting rights, repurchase, convertible bonds or other means. An amendment to registration or
                 subsequent filing with the local SAFE branch by such PRC resident is also required if there is any
                 change in basic information of the offshore company or any material change with respect to the
                 capital of the offshore company. At the same time, the SAFE has issued the Operation Guidance
                 for the Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration over Round-trip Investment regarding
                 the procedures for SAFE registration under SAFE Circular 37, which took effect on July 4, 2014 as
                 an attachment of SAFE Circular 37.


                 Under these rules, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth in the SAFE Circular
                 37 may result in bans on the foreign exchange activities of the onshore company, including the
                 payment of dividends and other distributions to its offshore parent or affiliates, and may also
                 subject PRC residents to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations.


                 Regulations on Dividend Distribution

                 Wholly foreign-owned enterprises and Sino-foreign equity joint ventures in the PRC may pay
                 dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC
                 accounting standards and regulations. Additionally, these foreign-invested enterprises may not
                 pay dividends unless they set aside at least 10% of their respective accumulated profits after tax
                 each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds, until such time as the accumulative amount of
                 such fund reaches 50% of the enterprise’s registered capital. In addition, these companies also
                 may allocate a portion of their after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to employee
                 welfare and bonus funds at their discretion. These reserves are not distributable as cash
                 dividends.


                 Regulations governing abovementioned dividend distribution arrangements have been replaced
                 by the Foreign Investment Law and its implantation rules, which do not provide specific
                 dividend distribution rules for foreign invested enterprises. The Foreign Investment Law and
                 its implementation rules also provide that after the conversion from a wholly foreign-owned
                 enterprise or sino-foreign equity joint venture to a foreign invested enterprise under the Foreign
                 Investment Law, distribution method of gains agreed in the joint venture agreements may continue
                 to apply.




174   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Regulations on Taxation

Enterprise Income Tax

On March 16, 2007, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
promulgated the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law which was amended on February 24, 2017 and
December 29, 2018 and on December 6, 2007, the State Council enacted the Regulations for
the Implementation of the Enterprise Income Tax Law which took effect on January 1, 2008 and
was amended on April 23, 2019. Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law, both resident enterprises
and non-resident enterprises are subject to tax in the PRC. Resident enterprises are defined as
enterprises that are established in China in accordance with PRC laws, or that are established
in accordance with the laws of foreign countries but are actually or in effect controlled from
within the PRC. Non-resident enterprises are defined as enterprises that are organized under
the laws of foreign countries and whose actual management is conducted outside the PRC, but
have established institutions or premises in the PRC, or have no such established institutions or
premises but have income generated from inside the PRC. Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law
and implementation regulations, a uniform corporate income tax rate of 25% is applied. However,
if non-resident enterprises have not formed permanent establishments or premises in the PRC,
or if they have formed permanent establishment or premises in the PRC but there is no actual
relationship between the income derived in the PRC and the established institutions or premises
set up by them, enterprise income tax is set at the rate of 10% with respect to their income
sourced from inside the PRC.


In addition, an enterprise certified as a high and new technology enterprise enjoys a reduced
enterprise income tax rate of 15%. According to the Administrative Measures for the Certification
of High-Tech Enterprises amended in January 2016, the provincial counterparts of the Ministry
of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration jointly
determine whether an enterprise is a High-Tech Enterprise considering the ownership of core
technology, whether the main technologies underlying the key products or services fall within
the officially supported high-tech fields, the proportion of research and development personnel
of the total staff, the proportion of research and development expenditure of total revenue, the
proportion of high-tech products or services of total revenue, and other factors prescribed.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   175
      PART I


                 Value-added Tax

                 The Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added Tax were promulgated by the State Council
                 on December 13, 1993, took effect on January 1, 1994 and were subsequently amended from time
                 to time; and the Detailed Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC
                 on Value-added Tax (Revised in 2011) were promulgated by the Ministry of Finance on December
                 25, 1993 and subsequently amended on December 15, 2008 and October 28, 2011, or collectively
                 the VAT Law. On November 19, 2017, the State Council promulgated the Decisions on Abolishing
                 the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Business Tax and Amending the Provisional Regulations
                 of the PRC on Value-added Tax . On March 20, 2019, the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation
                 Administration and the General Administration of Customs jointly issued the Announcement on
                 Relevant Policies on Deepen the Reform of Value-added Tax . According to the VAT Law and the
                 Decisions on Abolishing the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Business Tax and Amending the
                 Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added Tax , all enterprises and individuals engaged in
                 the sale of goods, the provision of processing, repair and replacement services, sales of services,
                 intangible assets, real property and the importation of goods within the territory of the PRC are
                 the taxpayers of value-added tax. According to the Announcement on Relevant Policies on Deepen
                 the Reform of Value-added Tax , the value-added tax rates generally applicable are simplified as
                 13%, 9%, 6% and 0%, which took effect on April 1, 2019, and the value-added tax rate applicable
                 to the small-scale taxpayers is 3%.


                 Dividend Withholding Tax

                 The Enterprise Income Tax Law provides that since January 1, 2008, an income tax rate of 10%
                 will normally be applicable to dividends declared to non-PRC resident investors that do not have
                 an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or that have such establishment or place of
                 business but the income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business,
                 to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC.


                 Pursuant to the Arrangement Between the Mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special
                 Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion
                 with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, and other applicable PRC laws, if a Hong Kong
                 resident enterprise is determined by the competent PRC tax authority to have satisfied the
                 conditions and requirements under such arrangement and other applicable laws, the 10%
                 withholding tax on the dividends the Hong Kong resident enterprise receives from a PRC resident
                 enterprise may be reduced to 5%. However, based on the Circular on Certain Issues with Respect
                 to the Enforcement of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties, or Circular 81, issued on February
                 20, 2009 by the State Taxation Administration, if the PRC tax authorities determine, in their
                 discretions, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a structure or
                 arrangement that is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential
                 tax treatment. According to the Circular on Several Questions regarding the “Beneficial Owner”
                 in Tax Treaties, which was issued on February 3, 2018 by the State Taxation Administration and
                 took effect on April 1, 2018, when determining the applicant’s status as the “beneficial owner”
                 regarding tax treatments in connection with dividends, interests or royalties in the tax treaties,
                 several factors, including, without limitation, whether the applicant is obligated to pay more than




176   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


50% of his or her income in twelve months to residents in third country or region, whether the
business operated by the applicant constitutes the actual business activities, and whether the
counterparty country or region to the tax treaties does not levy any tax or grant any tax exemption
on incomes or levy tax at an extremely low rate, will be taken into account, and such factors will
be analyzed according to the actual circumstances of the specific cases. This circular further
provides that an applicant who intends to prove his or her status as the “beneficial owner” shall
submit the documents to the tax bureau according to the Announcement on Issuing the Measures
for the Administration of Non-Resident Taxpayers’ Enjoyment of the Treatment under Agreements.


Tax on Indirect Transfer

On February 3, 2015, the State Taxation Administration issued the Circular on Issues of
Enterprise Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises , or the
Circular 7, which was latest amended on December 29, 2017. Pursuant to Circular 7, an “indirect
transfer” of assets, including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident
enterprises, may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if
such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such
indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. When determining whether there
is a “reasonable commercial purpose” of the transaction arrangement, features to be taken into
consideration include, inter alia, whether the main value of the equity interest of the offshore
enterprise derives directly or indirectly from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the
offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in China or if its income is
mainly derived from China; and whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or
indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have a real commercial nature which is evidenced by their
actual function and risk exposure. According to Circular 7, where the payer fails to withhold any
or sufficient tax, the transferor shall declare and pay such tax to the tax authority by itself within
the statutory time limit. Circular 7 does not apply to transactions of sale of shares by investors
through a public stock exchange where such shares were acquired on a public stock exchange.
On October 17, 2017, the State Taxation Administration issued the Circular on Issues of Tax
Withholding regarding Non-PRC Resident Enterprise Income Tax , or the Circular 37, which was
amended by the Announcement of the State Taxation Administration on Revising Certain Taxation
Normative Documents issued on June 15, 2018 by the State Taxation Administration. The Circular
37 further elaborates the implemental rules regarding the calculation, reporting and payment
obligations of the withholding tax by the non-resident enterprises. Nonetheless, there remain
uncertainties as to the interpretation and application of Circular 7. Circular 7 may be determined
by the tax authorities to be applicable to our offshore transactions or sale of our shares or those
of our offshore subsidiaries where nonresident enterprises, being the transferors, were involved.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      177
      PART I


                 Regulations on Employment and Social Welfare

                 Labor Contract Law

                 The Labor Contract Law of the PRC which was promulgated on June 29, 2007 and amended
                 on December 28, 2012, is primarily aimed at regulating rights and obligations of employer and
                 employee relationships, including the establishment, performance and termination of labor
                 contracts. Pursuant to the Labor Contract Law, labor contracts shall be concluded in writing
                 if labor relationships are to be or have been established between employers and employees.
                 Employers are prohibited from forcing employees to work above certain time limits and employers
                 shall pay employees for overtime work in accordance with national regulations. In addition,
                 employee wages shall be no lower than local standards on minimum wages and must be paid to
                 employees in a timely manner.


                 Interim Provisions on Labor Dispatch

                 Pursuant to the Interim Provisions on Labor Dispatch promulgated by the Ministry of Human
                 Resources and Social Security on January 24, 2014, which took effect on March 1, 2014,
                 dispatched workers are entitled to equal pay with full-time employees for equal work. Employers
                 are allowed to use dispatched workers for temporary, auxiliary or substitutive positions, and the
                 number of dispatched workers may not exceed 10% of the total number of employees. Pursuant
                 to the Labor Contract Law, if the employer violates the labor dispatch regulations, the labor
                 administrative department shall order it to make corrections within a prescribed time limit; if
                 it fails to make corrections within the time limit, a fine of more than RMB5,000 but less than
                 RMB10,000 per person will be imposed on the employer.


                 Social Insurance and Housing Fund

                 As required under the Regulation of Insurance for Labor Injury implemented on January 1,
                 2004 and amended in 2010, the Provisional Measures for Maternity Insurance of Employees of
                 Corporations implemented on January 1, 1995, the Decisions on the Establishment of a Unified
                 Program for Old-Aged Pension Insurance of the State Council issued on July 16, 1997, the
                 Decisions on the Establishment of the Medical Insurance Program for Urban Workers of the State
                 Council promulgated on December 14, 1998, the Unemployment Insurance Measures promulgated
                 on January 22, 1999 and the Social Insurance Law of the PRC implemented on July 1, 2011 and
                 amended on December 29, 2018, employers are required to provide their employees in the PRC
                 with welfare benefits covering pension insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance,
                 work-related injury insurance and medical insurance. These payments are made to local
                 administrative authorities. Any employer that fails to make social insurance contributions may
                 be ordered to rectify the non-compliance and pay the required contributions within a prescribed
                 time limit and be subject to a late fee. If the employer still fails to rectify the failure to make the
                 contributions within the prescribed time, it may be subject to a fine ranging from one to three
                 times the amount overdue.




178   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


In accordance with the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Funds which was
promulgated by the State Council in 1999 and latest amended in March 2019, employers must
register at the designated administrative centers and open bank accounts for depositing
employees’ housing funds. Employer and employee are also required to pay and deposit housing
funds, with an amount no less than 5% of the monthly average salary of the employee in the
preceding year in full and on time. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related
to Doing Business in China – Increases in labor costs and enforcement of stricter labor laws and
regulations in the PRC may adversely affect our business and our profitability.”


Employee Stock Incentive Plan

Pursuant to the Notice of Issues Related to the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic
Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Listed Company, which was issued by
the SAFE on February 15, 2012, employees, directors, supervisors, and other senior management
who participate in any stock incentive plan of a publicly-listed overseas company and who are PRC
citizens or non-PRC citizens residing in China for a continuous period of no less than one year,
subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with the SAFE through a qualified domestic
agent, which may be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain
other procedures.


In addition, the State Taxation Administration has issued certain circulars concerning employee
stock options and restricted shares. Under these circulars, employees working in the PRC who
exercise stock options or are granted restricted shares will be subject to PRC individual income
tax. The PRC subsidiaries of an overseas listed company are required to file documents related
to employee stock options and restricted shares with tax authorities and to withhold individual
income taxes of employees who exercise their stock options or purchase restricted shares. If the
employees fail to pay or the PRC subsidiaries fail to withhold income tax in accordance with laws
and regulations, the PRC subsidiaries may face sanctions imposed by the tax authorities or other
PRC governmental authorities.


M&A Rules and Overseas Listing

On August 8, 2006, six PRC governmental and regulatory agencies, including the Ministry of
Commerce and the CSRC, promulgated the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic
Enterprises by Foreign Investors , governing the mergers and acquisitions of domestic enterprises
by foreign investors that took effect on September 8, 2006 and was revised on June 22, 2009.
These rules, among other things, require that if an overseas company established or controlled
by PRC companies or individuals, intends to acquire equity interests or assets of any other PRC
domestic company affiliated with the PRC companies or individuals, such acquisition must be
submitted to the Ministry of Commerce for approval. These rules also require that an offshore
special vehicle, or a special purpose vehicle formed for overseas listing purposes and controlled
directly or indirectly by the PRC companies or individuals, shall obtain the approval of the CSRC
prior to overseas listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle’s securities on an overseas
stock exchange.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023    179
      PART I


                 On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
                 Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five supporting guidelines, which took effect
                 on March 31, 2023. According to these rules, the issuer or a major domestic operating company
                 designated by the issuer, as the case may be, shall file with the CSRC, among other things, (i)
                 with respect to its follow-on offering in the same foreign market within three business days after
                 completion of the follow-on offering, and (ii) with respect to its follow-on offering and listing in
                 other foreign markets within three business days, after its initial filing of the listing application
                 to the regulator in the place of such intended listing. Non-compliance with these rules or an
                 overseas listing completed in breach of these rules may result in a warning on the domestic
                 companies and a fine of RMB1 million to RMB10 million on them. Furthermore, the supervisors
                 directly responsible and other directly responsible persons of the domestic enterprises may
                 be warned, and fined between RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. The controlling shareholders or
                 actual controllers of the domestic company organize or instigate the illegal acts, or conceals
                 matters resulting in the illegal acts, may be fined between RMB1 million to RMB10 million. On
                 February 17, 2023, the CSRC issued the Notice on Administrative Arrangements for the Filing of
                 Domestic Enterprise’s Overseas Offering and Listing , which stipulates the domestic enterprises
                 have completed overseas listings are not required to file with CSRC in accordance with these rules
                 immediately, but shall carry out filing procedures as required if they conduct refinancing or fall
                 within other circumstances that require filing with the CSRC.


                 On February 24, 2023, the CSRC and several other administrations jointly released the Provisions
                 on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering
                 and Listing by Domestic Companies, which took effect on March 31, 2023. These rules apply to
                 both overseas direct offerings and overseas indirect offerings. These rules provide that, among
                 other things, (i) in relation to the overseas listing activities of domestic enterprises, the domestic
                 enterprises are required to strictly comply with the requirements on confidentiality and archives
                 management, establish a sound confidentiality and archives system, and take necessary
                 measures to implement their confidentiality and archives management responsibilities; (ii) during
                 the course of an overseas offering and listing, if a domestic enterprise needs to publicly disclose
                 or provide to securities companies, accounting firms or other securities service providers and
                 overseas regulators, any materials that contain state secrets or that have a sensitive impact (i.e.,
                 be detrimental to national security or the public interest if divulged), the domestic enterprise
                 should complete the approval/filing and other regulatory procedures; and (iii) working papers
                 produced in the PRC by securities companies and securities service institutions, which provide
                 domestic enterprises with securities services during their overseas issuance and listing, should
                 be stored in the PRC, and the transmission of all such working papers to recipients outside of the
                 PRC is required to be approved by competent authorities of the PRC.




180   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                              PART I


C. Organizational Structure

   The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and
   the VIEs, as of the date of this annual report:

                                                                                                          NIO Inc.
                                                                                                         (Cayman)




                          96.970%                                          100%                                                     100%                      100%                100%                    100%


                NIO AI Technology                                                                                           NIO User                NIO Power                                     NEU Battery
                                                                Nio Nextev Limited                                                                                          XPT Limited
                     Limited                                       (Hong Kong)                                         Enterprise Limited         Express Limited                                Asset Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                            (Hong Kong)
                    (Cayman)                                                                                              (Hong Kong)               (Hong Kong)                                    (Cayman)


                         100%                                   100%                    100%                        100%                                                                                  100%


                                                                                                          New Horizon                                                                           NEU Battery Asset
                                                          NIO GmbH              NIO USA, Inc.
               NIO AI Technology                                                                               B.V.                                                                          (Hong Kong) Co., Limited
                                                          (Germany)            (United States)
                    Limited                                                                               (Netherlands)                                                                           (Hong Kong)
                 (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                    100%
                                                                                                                                                                                                          100%
                                                                                                           NIO Nextev
                                                                                                                                                                                               NIO Battery Assets
                         100%                                                                            Europe Holding
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Europe B.V.
                                                                                                               B.V.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 (Netherlands)
   Offshore                                                                                               (Netherlands)


   Onshore                                                                 71.705%                                    19.478%                     0.931%




                                                                                                        NIO Holding Co., Ltd.




                                                25%               100%               100%                    100%                    100%                   100%                  100%


                  Anhui NIO                                                                              NIO
              Autonomous Driving                  75%                                                Technology             NIO Sales and            NIO Energy             XPT (Jiangsu)
                                                           NIO Co., Ltd.       NIO (Anhui)
                  Technology                                                                           (Anhui)             Services Co., Ltd.        Investment            Investment Co.,
                                                                                Co., Ltd.
                   CO., Ltd.                                                                          Co., Ltd.                                    (Hubei) Co., Ltd.             Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                            100%                  100%



                                                               Beijing NIO             Anhui NIO                                                                           XPT (Jiangsu)
              Anhui NIO AI                                                                                                                           Wuhan NIO
                                       NIO Financial            Network                  Data                                                                               Automotive
              Technology                                                                                                                           Energy Co., Ltd.
                                      Leasing Co., Ltd.      Technology Co.,         Technology Co.,                                                                        Technology
                Co., Ltd.
                                                                   Ltd.                   Ltd.                                                                               Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                 100%

                                                                                      NIO Insurance            100%                             100%                                                     50%
                                                                                      Broker Co., Ltd.                                                                     100%



                                                                                                   XPT (Nanjing) E-                   XPT (Nanjing)                                           XTRONICS (Nanjing)
                    Equity interest                                                                                                                                Shanghai XPT              Automotive Intelligent
                                                                                                 Powertrain Technology               Energy Storage
                                                                                                                                                                 Technology Limited          Technologies Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Co., Ltd.                     System Co., Ltd.
                    Contractual arrangements




                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023                             181
      PART I


                 Contractual Agreements with the VIEs and Their Shareholders

                 In April 2018, we entered into a series of contractual arrangements through one of our PRC
                 subsidiaries with Beijing NIO and its shareholders, which was then replaced by a new set of
                 contractual arrangements we entered into with the same parties in April 2021. Further, on
                 November 30, 2022 and December 12, 2022, we entered into a series of contractual agreements
                 through our respective PRC subsidiaries with each of Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO DT, respectively,
                 and their respective shareholders.


                 The following is a summary of the contractual agreements by and among Shanghai NIO, Beijing
                 NIO and the shareholders of Beijing NIO. The terms of the contractual agreements with the same
                 title between (i) Anhui NIO AD, Anhui NIO AT and the shareholders of Anhui NIO AT, and (ii) NIO
                 China, Anhui NIO DT and the shareholders of Anhui NIO DT are substantially the same as those
                 described below, except for, among other things, the amount of the loans to the shareholders of
                 each VIE and the amount of service fees to be paid. We believe that the shareholders of all the
                 VIEs will not receive any personal benefits from these agreements except as shareholders of our
                 company.


                 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Shanghai NIO and Beijing NIO

                 Under the exclusive business cooperation agreement dated April 12, 2021, between Shanghai NIO
                 and Beijing NIO, pursuant to which, in exchange for a monthly service fee, Beijing NIO agreed to
                 engage the Shanghai NIO as its exclusive provider of technical support, consultation and other
                 services.


                 Under the agreement, the service fee shall consist of 100% of the total consolidated profit
                 of Beijing NIO, after the deduction of any accumulated deficit of Beijing NIO in respect of the
                 preceding financial year(s), operating costs, expenses, taxes and other statutory contributions.
                 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Shanghai NIO may adjust the scope and amount of services
                 fees according to mainland China tax law and tax practices, and Beijing NIO will accept such
                 adjustments. Shanghai NIO shall calculate the service fee on a monthly basis and issue a
                 corresponding invoice to Beijing NIO. Notwithstanding the payment arrangements in the
                 agreement, Shanghai NIO may adjust the payment time and payment method, and Beijing NIO will
                 accept any such adjustment.


                 In addition, absent the prior written consent of Shanghai NIO, during the term of the agreement,
                 with respect to the services subject to the agreement and other matters, Beijing NIO shall not
                 directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar services provided by any third party and
                 shall not establish cooperation relationships similar to that formed by the agreement with any
                 third party. Shanghai NIO may appoint other parties, who may enter into certain agreements with
                 Beijing NIO, to provide Beijing NIO with the services under the agreement.




182   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


The agreement also provides that Shanghai NIO has the exclusive proprietary rights to and
interests in any and all intellectual property rights developed or created by Beijing NIO during the
performance of the agreement.


The agreement shall remain effective unless terminated (a) in accordance with the provisions of
the agreement; (b) in writing by the Shanghai NIO; or (c) renewal of the expired business period
of either Shanghai NIO or Beijing NIO is denied by government authorities, at which time the
agreement will terminate upon termination of that business period.


Exclusive Option Agreements between Shanghai NIO, Registered Shareholders and Beijing NIO

The exclusive option agreement, dated April 12, 2021, was executed among Shanghai NIO, Beijing
NIO and the shareholders of Beijing NIO, namely Mr. Bin Li and Mr. Lihong Qin. We refer to Mr. Li
and Mr. Qin as the Registered Shareholders. Under the exclusive option agreement, Shanghai NIO
has the rights to require the Registered Shareholders to transfer any or all their equity interests
in Beijing NIO to Shanghai NIO and/or a third party designated by it, in whole or in part at any time
and from time to time, for considerations equivalent to the respectively outstanding loans owed
to the Registered Shareholders (or part of the loan amounts in proportion to the equity interests
being transferred) or, if applicable, for a nominal price, unless the government authorities or the
mainland China laws request that another amount be used as the purchase price, in which case
the purchase price shall be the lowest amount under such request.


Beijing NIO and the Registered Shareholders, and Registered Shareholders, separately, have made
a series covenants and undertakings to ensure that Shanghai NIO retains control over all material
respects of the operation and governance of Beijing NIO.


The Registered Shareholders have also undertaken that, subject to the laws and regulations, they
will return to Shanghai NIO any consideration they receive in the event that Shanghai NIO exercise
the options under the exclusive option agreement to acquire the equity interests in Beijing NIO.


The exclusive option agreement shall remain effective unless terminated in the event that the
entire equity interests held by the Registered Shareholders in Beijing NIO have been transferred to
Shanghai NIO or its appointee(s).




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      183
      PART I


                 Equity Pledge Agreements between Shanghai NIO, Registered Shareholders and Beijing NIO

                 Under the equity pledge agreement dated April 12, 2021, entered into between Shanghai NIO, the
                 Registered Shareholders and Beijing NIO, the Registered Shareholders agreed to pledge all their
                 respective equity interests in Beijing NIO that they own, including any interest or dividend paid for
                 the shares, to Shanghai NIO as a security interest to guarantee the performance of contractual
                 obligations and the payment of outstanding debts.


                 The pledge in respect of Beijing NIO takes effect upon the completion of registration with the
                 administration for industry and commerce and shall remain valid until after all the contractual
                 obligations of the Registered Shareholders and Beijing NIO under the contractual arrangements
                 have been fully performed and all the outstanding debts of the Registered Shareholders and
                 Beijing NIO under the contractual arrangements have been fully paid.


                 Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default (as defined in the equity
                 pledge agreements), Shanghai NIO shall have the right to require Beijing NIO’s shareholders (i.e.,
                 the Registered Shareholders) to immediately pay any amount payable by Beijing NIO under the
                 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, repay any loans and pay any other due payments,
                 and Shanghai NIO shall have the right to exercise all such rights as a secured party under any
                 applicable mainland China law and the equity pledge agreements, including without limitations,
                 being paid in priority with the equity interests based on the monetary valuation that such equity
                 interests are converted into or from the proceeds from auction or sale of the equity interest upon
                 written notice to the Registered Shareholders.


                 The registration of the equity pledge agreement as required by the laws and regulations has been
                 completed in accordance with the terms of the equity pledge agreements and the PRC laws and
                 regulations.


                 Power of Attorney by Registered Shareholders

                 The Registered Shareholders have executed powers of attorney dated April 12, 2021. Under the
                 powers of attorney, the Registered Shareholders irrevocably appointed Shanghai NIO and their
                 designated persons (including but not limited to directors and their successors and liquidators
                 replacing the directors but excluding those non-independent or who may give rise to conflict of
                 interests) as their attorneys-in-fact to exercise on their behalf, and agreed and undertook not to
                 exercise without such attorneys-in-fact’s prior written consent, any and all right that they have in
                 respect of their equity interests in Beijing NIO, including without limitation:


                 (i) to convene and attend shareholders’ meetings of Beijing NIO;


                 (ii) to file documents with the companies registry;




184   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


(iii) to exercise all shareholder’s rights and shareholder’s voting rights in accordance with law and
   the constitutional documents of Beijing NIO, including but not limited to the sale, transfer,
   pledge or disposal of any or all of the equity interests in Beijing NIO;


(iv) to execute any and all written resolutions and meeting minutes and to approve the
   amendments to the articles of associations in the name and on behalf of such shareholder;
   and


(v) to nominate, appoint or remove the legal representatives, directors, supervisors, general
   manager and other senior management of Beijing NIO.


Further, the powers of attorney shall remain effective for so long as each shareholder holds an
equity interest in Beijing NIO.


Loan Agreements between Shanghai NIO and Registered Shareholders

Shanghai NIO and the Registered Shareholders entered into a loan agreement dated April 12,
2021, pursuant to which Shanghai NIO agreed to provide loans to the Registered Shareholders,
to be used exclusively as investment in Beijing NIO. The loans must not be used for any other
purposes without the lender’s prior written consent.


The term of each loan commences from the date of the agreement and ends on the date the lender
exercises its exclusive call option under the Exclusive Option Agreement, or when certain defined
termination events occur, such as if the lender sends a written notice demanding repayment to
the borrower, or upon the default of the borrower, whichever is earlier.


After the lender exercises his exclusive call option, the borrower may repay the loan by
transferring all of its equity interest in Beijing NIO to the lender, or a person or entity nominated
by the lender, and use the proceeds of such transfer as repayment of the loan. If the proceeds of
such transfer are equal to or less than the principal of the loan under the Loan Agreement, the
loan is considered interest-free. If the proceeds of such transfer are higher than the principal of
the loan under the Loan Agreement, any surplus is considered interest for the loan under the Loan
Agreement.


In the opinion of Han Kun Law Offices, our PRC legal counsel:


(i) each of the agreements comprising the contractual arrangements is legal, valid and binding on
   the parties thereto, enforceable under applicable PRC laws and regulations, except that (a) the
   contractual arrangements provide that the arbitral body may award remedies over the shares
   and/or assets or award injunctive relief and/or order the winding up of Beijing NIO, and that
   courts of competent jurisdictions are empowered to grant interim remedies in support of the
   arbitration pending the formation of an arbitral tribunal or in appropriate cases, while under
   PRC laws and regulations, an arbitral body has no power to grant injunctive relief or to order an
   entity to wind up, and the aforesaid interim remedies granted by competent courts may not be




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      185
      PART I


                       recognizable or enforceable in the PRC; and (b) the contractual arrangements provide that the
                       Registered Shareholders undertake to appoint committees designated by Shanghai NIO as the
                       liquidation committee upon the winding up of Beijing NIO to manage its assets; however, in the
                       event of a mandatory liquidation required by PRC laws and regulations, these provisions may
                       not be enforceable;


                    (ii) each of the agreements comprising the contractual arrangements does not violate the
                       provisions of the articles of associations of Shanghai NIO and Beijing NIO, respectively; and


                    (iii) no approval or authorization from the PRC governmental authorities are required for entering
                       into and the performance of the contractual arrangements except that (a) the pledge of
                       any equity interest in Beijing NIO for the benefit of Shanghai NIO is subject to registration
                       requirements with the governmental authority which has been duly completed; (b) the exercise
                       of any exclusive option rights by Shanghai NIO under the exclusive option agreements may
                       subject to the approval, filing or registration requirements with the authorities under the then
                       prevailing PRC laws and regulations; and (c) the arbitration awards/interim remedies provided
                       under the dispute resolution provision of the contractual arrangements shall be recognized by
                       competent courts before compulsory enforcement.


                    For a description of the risks related to our corporate structure, please see “Item 3. Key
                    Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.”


                 D. Property, Plants and Equipment

                    Currently, we own land use rights with respect to a parcel of land in Nanjing of approximately
                    355,297 square meters and the ownership with respect to the plant thereon for a term ending on
                    March 10, 2063, which are used for the manufacture of our electric powertrains. As of December
                    31, 2023, we also leased a number of our facilities in various cities in China, mainly facilities we
                    use for user centers, warehouses, power management centers and sales, marketing and customer
                    service, with an aggregated floor area of approximately 3,106,040 square meters. As of December
                    31, 2023, we leased property in North America for our North American headquarters and global
                    software development center and our marketing, light assembly, research and development
                    center with an aggregate floor area of 201,900 square feet; we leased properties in Europe for
                    management, engineering and storage, design headquarters, and sales and marketing with an
                    aggregate floor area of approximately 304,734 square meters.


      ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
                    Not applicable.




186   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                    PART I


ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
      The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon and
      should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and their related notes
      included elsewhere in this annual report. This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
      See “Forward-Looking Information.” In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the
      information provided under the caption “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors” in this annual
      report. We caution you that our businesses and financial performance are subject to substantial risks
      and uncertainties.


      A. Operating Results

         Overview

         We are a pioneer and a leading company in the premium smart electric vehicle market. We
         design, develop, manufacture, and sell premium smart electric vehicles, driving innovations in
         next-generation technologies in assisted and intelligent driving, digital technologies, electric
         powertrains and batteries. We differentiate ourselves through our continuous technological
         breakthroughs and innovations, such as our industry-leading battery swapping technologies,
         Battery as a Service, or BaaS, as well as our proprietary NIO assisted and intelligent driving and its
         subscription services.


         Our product portfolio currently consists of the ES8, a six-seater smart electric flagship SUV, the
         ES7 (or the EL7), a mid-large five-seater smart electric SUV, the ES6 (or the EL6), a five-seater
         all-round smart electric SUV, the EC7, a five-seater smart electric flagship coupe SUV, the EC6, a
         five-seater smart electric coupe SUV, the ET9, a smart electric executive flagship, the ET7, a smart
         electric flagship sedan, the ET5, a mid-size smart electric sedan, and the ET5T, a smart electric
         tourer. In 2023, we delivered 160,038 vehicles, including 92,186 premium smart electric SUVs and
         67,852 premium smart electric sedans.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023      187
      PART I


                 Key Line Items Affecting Our Results of Operations

                 Revenues

                 The following table presents our revenue components by amount and as a percentage of the total
                 revenues for the periods indicated.


                                                                            Year Ended December 31

                                                       2021                    2022                               2023

                                                   RMB           %         RMB               %           RMB          US$       %
                                                                                   (in thousands)

                 Revenues:
                   Vehicle sales              33,169,740       91.8   45,506,581           92.4     49,257,270   6,937,741    88.6
                   Other sales(1)              2,966,683        8.2    3,761,980            7.6      6,360,663    895,881     11.4
                 Total revenues               36,136,423      100.0   49,268,561         100.0      55,617,933   7,833,622   100.0


                 Note:

                 (1) Other sales are comprised as below:


                                                                            Year Ended December 31

                                                       2021                    2022                               2023

                                                   RMB           %         RMB                %          RMB          US$       %
                                                                                   (in thousands)

                     Other sales
                     Parts, accessories and
                       after-sales vehicle
                       services                 806,079         2.2    1,228,385            2.5      2,337,490    329,229      4.2
                     Provision of power
                       solutions                 811,809        2.3    1,016,094            2.0      1,666,346    234,700      3.0
                     Others                    1,348,795        3.7    1,517,501            3.1      2,356,827    331,952      4.2
                     Total                     2,966,683        8.2    3,761,980            7.6      6,360,663    895,881     11.4



                 We currently generate revenues from vehicle sales, which represent revenues from sales of new
                 vehicles, and other sales including (a) parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services, including
                 repair, maintenance, service package, extended warranty services and other vehicle services, (b)
                 provision of power solutions, including sale of charging piles, provision of battery charging and
                 swapping services, battery upgrade services, BaaS battery buy-out services and other power solution
                 services, (c) others, which mainly consist of revenues from sales of used cars, auto financing services,
                 NIO Life merchandise, automotive regulatory credits and other products and services.




188   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                             PART I


Revenue from sales of new vehicles, used vehicles, charging piles, battery upgrade services,
automotive regulatory credits and sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services are
recognized when control is transferred. For embedded vehicle connectivity services and battery
swapping services offered together with vehicle sales, we recognize revenue over time using a
straight-line method (commensurate with the transfer of benefit to the consumer over the period of
service). As for the extended warranty, given our limited operating history and lack of historical data,
we recognize revenue over time based on a straight-line method initially, and will continue monitoring
the cost pattern periodically and adjust the revenue recognition pattern to reflect the actual cost
pattern as it becomes available with more data.


Cost of Sales

The following table presents our cost of sales components by amount and as a percentage of our total
cost of sales for the period indicated.


                                                        Year Ended December 31

                                2021                       2022                                  2023

                            RMB              %         RMB                %           RMB            US$          %
                                                                (in thousands)

Cost of Sales:
  Vehicle sales       (26,516,643)         90.5 (39,271,801)            89.0 (44,587,572)      (6,280,028)      84.8
  Other sales          (2,798,347)          9.5   (4,852,767)           11.0     (7,978,565)   (1,123,757)      15.2
Total cost of sales   (29,314,990)        100.0 (44,124,568)          100.0 (52,566,137)       (7,403,785)     100.0


We incur cost of sales in relation to (i) vehicle sales, including parts, materials, processing fee, labor
costs, manufacturing cost (including depreciation of assets associated with the production), losses
on production related purchase commitments, warranty expenses, and inventory write-downs, and
(ii) other sales, including parts, materials, labor costs, vehicle connectivity cost, and depreciation of
assets that are associated with sales of service and others.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023    189
      PART I


                 Operating Expenses

                 Research and Development Expenses

                 Research and development expenses consist primarily of (i) employee compensation, representing
                 salaries, benefits and bonuses as well as share-based compensation expenses for our research
                 and development staff and (ii) design and development expenses, which include, among others,
                 consultation fees, outsourcing fees and expenses of testing materials. Our research and development
                 expenses also include travel expenses, depreciation and amortization of equipment used in
                 relation to our research and development activities, rental and related expenses with respect to
                 laboratories and offices for research and development teams and others, which primarily consists of
                 telecommunication expenses, office fees and freight charges.


                 Our research and development expenses are mainly driven by the number of our research and
                 development employees, the stage and scale of our vehicle development and development of
                 technology.


                 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

                 Our selling, general and administrative expenses mainly include (i) employee compensation, including
                 salaries, benefits and bonuses as well as share-based compensation expenses with respect to
                 our sales, marketing and general corporate staff, (ii) marketing and promotional expenses, which
                 primarily consist of marketing and advertising costs, (iii) rental and related expenses, which primarily
                 consist of rental for NIO Houses, NIO Spaces and offices, (iv) professional service expenses, which
                 consist of outsourcing fees primarily relating to legal and human resources and IT functions,
                 design fees paid for NIO Houses, NIO Spaces and offices and fees paid to auditors, (v) depreciation
                 and amortization expenses, primarily consisting of depreciation and amortization of leasehold
                 improvements, IT equipment and software, among others, (vi) expenses of low value consumables,
                 primarily consisting of, among others, IT consumables, office supplies, sample fees and IT-system
                 related licenses, (vii) traveling expenses, and (viii) other expenses, which includes telecommunication
                 expenses, utilities and other miscellaneous expenses.


                 Our selling, general and administrative expenses are significantly affected by the number of our non-
                 research and development employees, marketing and promotion activities and the expansion of our
                 sales and after-sales network, including NIO Houses, NIO Spaces and other leased properties.


                 Interest and Investment Income

                 Interest and investment income primarily consists of interest and gain earned on cash deposits,
                 short-term investment and long-term investment.


                 Gain on Extinguishment of Debt

                 Gain on extinguishment of debt consists of gain earned from repurchase of convertible notes.




190   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Interest Expense

Interest expense consists of interest expense with respect to our indebtedness.


Share of Income of Equity Investees

Share of income of equity investees primarily consists of our share of the losses, net of shares of
gains of our investees in which, as of December 31, 2023, we held 1.0% to 51.0% in related equity
interests. Our equity interests are accounted for using the equity method since we exercise significant
influence but do not own a majority equity interest in or control those investees. For investees in
which we held equity interest less than 20%, we can exercise significant influence over investees
through participation and voting right in the board of directors or investment committee. For investee
in which we held equity interest of 51.0%, we cannot control the significant financial and operating
decisions of this investee at our discretion according to the corporate government documents.


Other Income/(Loss), Net

Other income or losses primarily consist of foreign exchange gains or losses we incur based on
movements between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. Other income also includes income from
reimbursement from depository bank.


Income Tax Expense

Income tax expense primarily consists of current income tax expense, mainly attributable to intra-
group income earned by our United States, German, UK, Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries which
are eliminated upon consolidation but were subject to tax in accordance with applicable tax law,
and deferred income tax expense, recognized for the tax consequences attributable to differences
between carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in the financial statements and their
respective tax basis, and operating loss carry-forwards.


Taxation

Cayman Islands

We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands currently has no form of income,
corporate or capital gains tax. There are no other taxes likely to be material to us levied by the
government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments
executed in, or, after execution, brought within the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands.


Hong Kong

Subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to 8.25% profit tax on the first HKD2 million
taxable income and 16.5% profit tax on the remaining taxable income generated from operations in
Hong Kong. There is no withholding tax in Hong Kong on remittance of dividends.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023    191
      PART I


                 PRC

                 Generally, our PRC subsidiaries are subject to enterprise income tax on their taxable income in China
                 at a statutory rate of 25%, except for our certain PRC subsidiaries that are qualified as high and new
                 technology enterprises under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and are eligible for a preferential
                 enterprise income tax rate of 15%. The enterprise income tax is calculated based on the entity’s
                 global income as determined under PRC tax laws and accounting standards.


                 Our products and services are primarily subject to value-added tax at a rate of 13% on the vehicles
                 and charging piles, repair and maintenance services and charging services as well as 6% on services
                 such as research and development services, in each case less any deductible value-added tax
                 we have already paid or born. We are also subject to surcharges on value-added tax payments in
                 accordance with PRC law.


                 Dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries in China to our Hong Kong subsidiaries will be subject to a
                 withholding tax rate of 10%, unless the Hong Kong entity satisfies all the requirements under the
                 Arrangement Between the Mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for
                 the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on
                 Income and Capital and receives approval from the tax authority. If our Hong Kong subsidiaries satisfy
                 all the requirements under the tax arrangement and receive approval from the tax authority, then the
                 dividends paid to the Hong Kong subsidiaries would be subject to withholding tax at the standard
                 rate of 5%. Effective from November 1, 2015, the above-mentioned approval requirement has been
                 abolished, but a Hong Kong entity is still required to file application package with the tax authority,
                 and settle the overdue taxes if the preferential 5% tax rate is denied based on the subsequent review
                 of the application package by the tax authority.


                 If NIO Inc. or any of our subsidiaries outside of China were deemed to be a “resident enterprise” under
                 the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, it would be subject to enterprise income tax on its worldwide
                 income at a rate of 25%.


                 Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, research and development expenses incurred by an
                 enterprise in the course of carrying out research and development activities that have not formed
                 intangible assets and are included in the profit and loss account for the current year. Besides
                 deducting the actual amount of research and development expenses incurred, an enterprise is
                 allowed an additional 100% deduction of the amount in calculating its taxable income for the
                 relevant year. For research and development expenses that have formed intangible assets, the tax
                 amortization is based on 200% of the costs of the intangible assets.


                 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

                 For a summary of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 3 to our consolidated
                 financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.




192   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                          PART I


Results of Operations

The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods
indicated. This information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and
related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. The operating results in any year are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future periods.


                                                                     Year Ended December 31,

                                                            2021           2022                    2023

                                                            RMB            RMB                 RMB              US$
                                                                           (in thousands)

Revenues:(1)
Vehicle sales                                         33,169,740     45,506,581        49,257,270         6,937,741
Other sales(3)                                         2,966,683      3,761,980         6,360,663           895,881
Total revenues                                        36,136,423     49,268,561        55,617,933         7,833,622

Cost of sales:(2)
Vehicle sales                                         (26,516,643)   (39,271,801)     (44,587,572)        (6,280,028)
Other sales                                            (2,798,347)    (4,852,767)       (7,978,565)       (1,123,757)
Total cost of sales                                   (29,314,990)   (44,124,568)     (52,566,137)        (7,403,785)

Gross profit                                           6,821,433      5,143,993         3,051,796           429,837
Operating expenses:(2)
Research and development(2)                            (4,591,852)   (10,836,261)     (13,431,399)        (1,891,773)
Selling, general and administrative(2)                 (6,878,132)   (10,537,119)     (12,884,556)        (1,814,752)
Other operating income, net                              152,248        588,728             608,975          85,772
Total operating expenses                              (11,317,736)   (20,784,652)     (25,706,980)        (3,620,753)

Loss from operations                                   (4,496,303)   (15,640,659)     (22,655,184)        (3,190,916)

Interest and investment income                           911,833      1,358,719         2,210,018           311,275
Interest expenses                                       (637,410)      (333,216)            (403,530)        (56,836)
Gain on extinguishment of debt                                 —        138,332             170,193          23,971
Share of income of equity investees                       62,510        377,775              64,394           9,070
Other income/(loss), net                                 184,686       (282,952)            155,191          21,858
Loss before income tax expense                         (3,974,684)   (14,382,001)     (20,458,918)        (2,881,578)

Income tax expense                                        (42,265)       (55,103)           (260,835)        (36,738)
Net loss                                               (4,016,949)   (14,437,104)     (20,719,753)        (2,918,316)

Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to
  available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax          24,224        746,336             (770,560)      (108,531)
Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of nil
  tax                                                   (230,345)       717,274              11,514           1,622
Total other comprehensive (loss)/income                 (206,121)     1,463,610             (759,046)      (106,909)




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      193
      PART I



                                                                                              Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                  2021               2022                    2023

                                                                                  RMB                RMB                 RMB                US$
                                                                                                    (in thousands)

                 Total comprehensive loss                                   (4,223,070)       (12,973,494)       (21,478,799)        (3,025,225)
                 Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
                   interests to redemption value                            (6,586,579)          (279,355)           (303,163)          (42,700)
                 Net loss/(profit) attributable to non-controlling
                   interests                                                    31,219            157,014            (124,051)          (17,472)
                 Other comprehensive (income)/loss attributable to
                   non-controlling interests                                     (4,727)         (151,299)            156,026            21,976
                 Comprehensive loss attributable to ordinary
                   shareholders of NIO Inc.                                (10,783,157)       (13,247,134)       (21,749,987)        (3,063,421)


                 Notes:

                 (1) We currently generate revenues from vehicle sales and other sales.

                 (2) Share-based compensation expenses were allocated in cost of sales and operating expenses as follows:

                     Cost of sales                                              34,009             66,914               83,972           11,827
                     Research and development expenses                         406,940          1,323,370            1,517,206          213,694
                     Selling, general and administrative expenses              569,191            905,612              767,863          108,151
                     Total                                                   1,010,140          2,295,896            2,369,041          333,672


                 (3) Other sales mainly consist of revenues from (a) parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services, including repair,
                     maintenance, service package, extended warranty services and other vehicle services, (b) provision of power solutions,
                     including sale of charging piles, provision of battery charging and swapping services, battery upgrade service, BaaS battery
                     buy-out service and other power solution services, (c) others, which mainly consist of revenues from sales of used cars, auto
                     financing services, NIO Life merchandise, automotive regulatory credits and other products and services.


                 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022

                 Revenues

                 Our revenues increased by 12.9% from RMB49,268.6 million in 2022 to RMB55,617.9 million
                 (US$7,833.6 million) in 2023, primarily attributable to (i) an increase of vehicle sales by RMB3,750.7
                 million, as a result of an increase in vehicle delivery volume by 30.7% mainly due to a more diversified
                 product mix offered to our users, and partially offset by a decrease in the average selling price of
                 our vehicles by 15.7% also mainly due to changes in product mix, (ii) an increase in other revenues
                 by RMB2,655.4 million from sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services, provision
                 of power solutions and other sales, as a result of continued growth in the number of our users, and
                 partially offset by (iii) the decrease in revenue from sales of automotive regulatory credits by RMB56.7
                 million mainly due to decreased sales of credits with lower selling prices.




194   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


Cost of sales

Our cost of sales increased by 19.1% from RMB44,124.6 million in 2022 to RMB52,566.1 million
(US$7,403.8 million) in 2023, primarily attributable to an increase in cost of vehicle sales by
RMB5,315.8 million and an increase of cost of provision of power solutions and parts, accessories
and after-sales vehicle services by RMB2,124.1 million, which was mainly due to (i) an increase of
vehicle delivery volume by 30.7% in 2023, (ii) partially offset by lower material cost per vehicle and
the inventory provisions, accelerated depreciation on production facilities, and losses on purchase
commitments for the previous generation of ES8, ES6 and EC6 recorded in 2022 (RMB985.4 million in
total) and (iii) higher depreciation and operating cost from the expanded investment in our power and
service network.


Gross Profit and Gross Margin

Our gross profit decreased by 40.7% from RMB5,144.0 million in 2022 to RMB3,051.8 million
(US$429.8 million) in 2023. The decrease of gross profit compared to 2022 was mainly driven by (i) the
decrease of profit from vehicle sales with RMB1,565.1 million primarily due to lower average selling
price as a result of changes in product mix, (ii) the decrease of profit from provision of power solutions
with RMB697.1 million as a result of the expanded power network, (iii) and partially offset by the
increase of profit from sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services with RMB332.9
million.


Gross margin in 2023 was 5.5%, compared with 10.4% in 2022. The decrease of gross margin as
compared to 2022 was mainly driven by the decrease of vehicle margin.


Vehicle margin in 2023 was 9.5%, compared with 13.7% in 2022. Vehicle margin is the margin of new
vehicle sales, which is calculated based on revenues and cost of sales derived from new vehicle sales
only. The decrease of vehicle margin as compared to 2022 was mainly driven by lower average selling
price primarily due to changes in product mix.


Other sales margin in 2023 was negative 25.4%, compared with negative 29.0% in 2022, which was
mainly driven by the increase of sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services with high
sales margin.


Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses increased by 23.9% from RMB10,836.3 million in 2022 to
RMB13,431.4 million (US$1,891.8 million) in 2023, primarily due to increased personnel costs in
research and development functions of RMB2,313.4 million.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      195
      PART I


                 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

                 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 22.3% from RMB10,537.1 million in
                 2022 to RMB12,884.6 million (US$1,814.8 million) in 2023, primarily due to (i) increased employee
                 compensation expense of RMB1,397.3 million due to an increase in sales and general corporate
                 functions, and (ii) increased marketing and promotional expenses of RMB867.0 million due to the
                 increase in sales and marketing activities.


                 Loss from Operations

                 As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a loss from operations of RMB22,655.2 million (US$3,190.9
                 million) in 2023, representing an increase of 44.8% as compared to a loss of RMB15,640.7 million in
                 2022.


                 Interest and investment income

                 We recorded interest and investment income of RMB2,210.0 million (US$311.3 million) in 2023,
                 representing an increase of 62.7% as compared to RMB1,358.7 million in 2022, primarily due to the
                 recycling of an unrealized gain from other comprehensive income to investment income of RMB977.3
                 million related to an equity investment previously accounted for as an available-for-sale debt
                 investment.


                 Interest Expenses

                 Our interest expenses increased from RMB333.2 million in 2022 to RMB403.5 million (US$56.8
                 million) in 2023, primarily because the principal amount of convertible notes outstanding was higher
                 in 2023 due to the issuance of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes.


                 Gain on extinguishment of debt

                 Our gain on extinguishment of debt was RMB170.2 million (US$24.0 million) in 2023, compared with
                 RMB138.3 million in 2022, which was attributed to the gain from the repurchase of a portion of the
                 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes with a carrying amount of RMB1,822.0 million (US$256.6 million) in 2023
                 and RMB1,739.3 million (US$245.0 million), respectively.


                 Share of Income of Equity Investees

                 We recorded share of income of equity investees of RMB64.4 million (US$9.1 million) in 2023,
                 compared with RMB377.8 million in 2022, primarily due to the decreased share of income recorded
                 from our equity investments measured under equity method due to decreased earnings of equity
                 investees in 2023.


                 Other Income/(Loss), Net

                 We recorded other income of RMB155.2 million (US$21.9 million) in 2023, compared with other losses
                 of RMB283.0 million in 2022, primarily due to a decrease in foreign exchange loss of RMB463.3 million
                 from the revaluation impact of overseas Renminbi-related assets as a result of the appreciation of
                 Renminbi against U.S. dollars in 2023.




196   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Income Tax Expense

Our income tax expense increased from RMB55.1 million in 2022 to RMB260.8 million (US$36.7
million) in 2023, primarily due to the recognition of an income tax expense of RMB206.7 million
in 2023 in connection with recycling of an unrealized gain from other comprehensive income to
investment income of RMB977.3 million for the available-for-sale debt investment referred to above.


Net Loss

As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a net loss of RMB20,719.8 million (US$2,918.3 million) in
2023, representing an increase of 43.5% as compared to a net loss of RMB14,437.1 million in 2022.


Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021

Revenues

Our revenues increased by 36.3% from RMB36,136.4 million in 2021 to RMB49,268.6 million in 2022,
primarily attributable to (i) an increase of vehicle delivery volume by 34.0% in 2022 as compared
to 2021 mainly due to a more diversified product mix offered to our users, (ii) an increase in other
revenue by RMB1,471.7 million from sales of packages and provision of power solutions, charging
piles and other sales, which was in line with the incremental vehicle sales, and partially offset by
(iii) the decrease in revenue from sales of automotive regulatory credits by RMB449.3 million due to
decreased sales of credits with lower selling prices and volumes, and (iv) a decrease in revenue from
battery upgrade services by RMB227.1 million, mainly due to the cumulative demand having been
fulfilled in 2021.


Cost of sales

Our cost of sales increased by 50.5% from RMB29,315.0 million in 2021 to RMB44,124.6 million in
2022, primarily attributable to an increase in cost of vehicle sales by RMB12,755.2 million and an
increase of cost of packages and provision of power solutions by RMB1,547.8 million, which is mainly
due to (i) an increase of vehicle delivery volume by 34.0% in 2022, (ii) higher battery cost per vehicle,
(iii) inventory provisions, accelerated depreciation on production facilities, and losses on purchase
commitments for the existing generation of ES8, ES6 and EC6 which are expected to have lower
production and delivery levels due to their transition to new models under NT2.0 (RMB985.4 million in
total), and (iv) higher depreciation and operating cost from the expanded investment in our power and
service network.


Gross Profit and Gross Margin

Our gross profit decreased by 24.6% from RMB6,821.4 million in 2021 to RMB5,144.0 million in 2022.
The decrease of gross profit compared to 2021 was mainly driven by the decrease of profit from sales
of packages and provision of power solutions with RMB1,216 million as a result of the expanded
investment in our power and service network, and the decrease of RMB449.3 million from sales of the
automotive regulatory credits with high sales margin.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      197
      PART I


                 Gross margin in 2022 was 10.4%, compared with 18.9% in 2021. The decrease of gross margin as
                 compared to 2021 was mainly driven by the decrease of vehicle margin and other sales margin in
                 2022.


                 Vehicle margin in 2022 was 13.7%, compared with 20.1% in 2021. Vehicle margin is the margin of
                 new vehicle sales, which is calculated based on revenues and cost of sales derived from new vehicle
                 sales only. The decrease of vehicle margin as compared to 2021 was mainly driven by (i) the increased
                 battery cost per vehicle with negative impact of around 3.8%, and (ii) the increased inventory
                 provisions, accelerated depreciation on production facilities, and losses on purchase commitments
                 for the existing generation of ES8, ES6 and EC6 which are expected to have lower production levels
                 and deliveries due to their transition to new models under NT2.0, with a negative impact of 2.2% on
                 vehicle margin.


                 Other sales margin in 2022 was negative 29.0%, compared with 5.7% in 2021, which was mainly
                 driven by (i) decrease of margin from sales of packages and provision of power solutions with a
                 negative impact of 24.8% as a result of the expanded investment in power and service network, (ii)
                 the decrease of margin from sales of automotive regulatory credits which with high sales margin,
                 with negative impact of 15.6%, and (iii) partially offset by increase of interest income from our auto
                 financing arrangement and other sales with high margin.


                 Research and Development Expenses

                 Research and development expenses increased by 136.0% from RMB4,591.9 million in 2021 to
                 RMB10,836.3 million in 2022, primarily due to increased personnel costs in research and development
                 functions of RMB4,026.8 million as well as the incremental design and development costs of
                 RMB1,704.1 million for new products and technologies.


                 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

                 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 53.2% from RMB6,878.1 million in 2021
                 to RMB10,537.1 million in 2022, primarily due to (i) increased employee compensation expense of
                 RMB1,638.2 million due to an increase in sales and general corporate functions, (ii) increased rental
                 and related expense and professional service expense which totaled RMB913.9 million mainly due
                 to the Company’s sales and service network expansion, (iii) increased marketing and promotional
                 expenses of RMB347.2 million due to an increase in marketing and promotional activities to promote
                 our vehicles in China and Europe.


                 Loss from Operations

                 As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a loss from operations of RMB15,640.7 million in 2022,
                 representing an increase of 247.9% as compared to a loss of RMB4,496.3 million in 2021.




198   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Interest and investment income

We recorded interest and investment income of RMB1,358.7 million in 2022, representing an increase
of 49.0% as compared to RMB911.8 million in 2021, primarily due to the increase in short-term
investment and long-term time deposits on average throughout 2022.


Interest Expense

Our interest expense decreased from RMB637.4 million in 2021 to RMB333.2 million in 2022, primarily
due to the conversion premium charged in connection with separately and individually negotiated
agreements with certain holders of their outstanding 2024 Notes for early conversion in January
2021.


Gain on extinguishment of debt

Our gain on extinguishment of debt was RMB138.3 million in 2022, compared with nil in 2021, which
was attributed to the gain from the repurchase of a portion of the 2026 Notes with a carrying amount
of RMB1,317.1 million in 2022.


Share of Income of Equity Investees

We recorded share of income of equity investees of RMB377.8 million in 2022, as compared to
RMB62.5 million in 2021, primarily due to the increased share of income recorded from our equity
investments measured under equity method due to increased earnings of equity investees in 2022.


Other Income/(Loss), Net

We recorded other losses of RMB283.0 million in 2022, as compared with other income of RMB184.7
million in 2021, primarily due to a foreign exchange loss of RMB504.7 million mainly reflecting the
revaluation impact of overseas Renminbi-related assets as a result of Renminbi’s depreciation
against U.S. dollars.


Income Tax Expense

In 2022, our income tax expense was RMB55.1 million, as compared to RMB42.3 million in 2021.


Net Loss

As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a net loss of RMB14,437.1 million in 2022, representing an
increase of 259.4% as compared to a net loss of RMB4,016.9 million in 2021.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     199
      PART I


                 B. Liquidity and Capital Resources

                    Cash Flows and Working Capital

                    We had net cash provided by operating activities of RMB1,966.4 million in 2021, net cash used
                    in operating activities of RMB3,866.0 million in 2022, and net cash used in operating activities of
                    RMB1,381.5 million (US$194.6 million) in 2023.


                    As of December 31, 2023, we had a total of RMB55,431.6 million (US$7,807.4 million) in cash
                    and cash equivalents, restricted cash (including non-current restricted cash) and short-term
                    investments. As of December 31, 2023, 44.7% of our cash and cash equivalents and restricted
                    cash (including non-current restricted cash) and short-term investments were denominated
                    in Renminbi and held in PRC and Hong Kong and the other cash and cash equivalents and
                    restricted cash (including non-current restricted cash) and short-term investments were mainly
                    denominated in US$ and held in the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States. Our cash and cash
                    equivalents consist primarily of cash on hand, time deposits and highly liquid investments placed
                    with banks, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use, and which have original maturities of
                    three months or less.


                    As of December 31, 2023, we had bank facilities with an aggregate amount of RMB64,464.1 million
                    (US$9,079.6 million), which consists of non-collateral based bank facilities of RMB16,348.3
                    million (US$2,302.6 million) and collateral-based bank facilities of RMB48,115.8 million
                    (US$6,777.0 million). Out of the total non-collateral based bank facilities, RMB5,492.8 million
                    (US$773.6 million), RMB1,201.2 million (US$169.2 million), and RMB250.0 million (US$35.2
                    million) were used for bank borrowing, issuance of letters of guarantee, and bank’s acceptance
                    notes, respectively. Out of the total collateral-based bank facilities, RMB2,588.9 million (US$364.6
                    million), RMB14,713.9 million (US$2,072.4 million) and nil were used for issuance of letters of
                    guarantee, bank’s acceptance notes and letter of credit, respectively.


                    As of December 31, 2023, we had RMB9,821.5 million (US$1,383.3 million) and RMB13,042.9
                    million (US$1,837.0 million) in total short-term and long-term borrowings outstanding,
                    respectively. The borrowings outstanding primarily consisted of the 2024 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2027
                    Notes, 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes, portions of the asset-backed notes, and our short-term and
                    long-term bank debt.




200   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


The 2024 Notes are unsecured debt and are not redeemable by us prior to the maturity date
except for certain changes in tax law. In accordance with the indenture governing the 2024 Notes,
or the 2024 Notes Indenture, holders of the 2024 Notes may require us to purchase all or any
portion of their notes on February 1, 2022 at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the 2024 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Such repurchase
right offer expired on January 28, 2022. None of the noteholders exercised their repurchase right,
and no notes were surrendered for repurchase. Holders of the 2024 Notes may also require us,
upon a fundamental change (as defined in the 2024 Notes Indenture), to repurchase for cash all or
part of their 2024 Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the 2024 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The holders of the
2024 Notes may convert their notes to a number of our ADSs at their option at any time prior to the
close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date pursuant
to the 2024 Notes indenture, at a conversion rate of 105.1359 ADSs per US$1,000 principal
amount of the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes that are converted in connection with a make-whole
fundamental change (as defined in the 2024 Notes Indenture) may be entitled to an increase in
the conversion rate for such 2024 Notes. In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes, we
entered into capped call transactions and zero-strike call option transactions. Satisfying the
obligations of the 2024 Notes could adversely affect the amount or timing of any distributions
to our shareholders. We repaid the then outstanding 2024 Notes that had not been redeemed,
repurchased or converted in full as it matured on February 1, 2024.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023     201
      PART I


                 In January 2021, we issued US$750 million aggregate principal amount of 0.00% convertible
                 senior notes due 2026, or the 2026 Notes, and US$750 million aggregate principal amount of
                 0.50% convertible senior notes due 2027, or the 2027 Notes. The 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes
                 are unsecured debt. The 2026 Notes will not bear interest, and the principal amount of the 2026
                 Notes will not accrete. The 2027 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 0.50% per year. The 2026
                 Notes will mature on February 1, 2026 and the 2027 Notes will mature on February 1, 2027, unless
                 repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. Prior to
                 August 1, 2025, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and August 1, 2026, in the case of the 2027 Notes,
                 the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes, as applicable, will be convertible at the option of the holders
                 only upon satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods. Holders may convert their
                 2026 Notes or 2027 Notes, as applicable, at their option at any time on or after August 1, 2025,
                 in the case of the 2026 Notes, or August 1, 2026, in the case of the 2027 Notes, until the close of
                 business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the relevant maturity date.
                 Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver to such converting holders, as the case may be, cash,
                 ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at our election. The initial conversion rate of the 2026
                 Notes is 10.7458 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2026 Notes. The initial conversion
                 rate of the 2027 Notes is 10.7458 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2027 Notes.
                 The relevant conversion rate for such series of the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes is subject to
                 adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes
                 may require us to repurchase all or part of their 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes for cash on February
                 1, 2024, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and February 1, 2025, in the case of the 2027 Notes, or in
                 the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
                 amount of the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest,
                 if any, to, but excluding, the relevant repurchase date.


                 In addition, on or after February 6, 2024, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and February 6, 2025, in
                 the case of the 2027 Notes, until the 20th scheduled trading day immediately prior to the relevant
                 maturity date, we may redeem the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes, as applicable for cash subject to
                 certain conditions, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes
                 or the 2027 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the
                 relevant optional redemption date. Furthermore, we may redeem all but not part of the 2026 Notes
                 or the 2027 Notes in the event of certain changes in the tax laws. Satisfying the obligations of the
                 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes could adversely affect the amount or timing of any distributions to
                 our shareholders. We may choose to satisfy, repurchase, or refinance the 2026 Notes or the 2027
                 Notes through public or private equity or debt financings if we deem such financings available on
                 favorable terms. In 2022, we repurchased an aggregate principal amount of US$192.9 million of
                 2026 Notes for a total cash consideration of US$170.5 million. In September 2023, shortly after
                 the pricing of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes, we repurchased an aggregate principal amount
                 of US$255.6 million of the 2026 Notes for a total cash consideration of US$249.9 million and an
                 aggregate principal amount of US$244.4 million of the 2027 Notes for a total cash consideration of
                 US$222.0 million. In February 2024, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to the 2026
                 Notes. US$300.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were validly surrendered
                 and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the repurchase right offer.




202   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


In September 2023, we issued US$500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875% convertible
senior notes due 2029, or the 2029 Notes, and US$500 million aggregate principal amount of
4.625% convertible senior notes due 2030, or the 2030 Notes. We granted the initial purchasers
in the notes offering an option to purchase up to an additional US$75 million in aggregate
principal amount of the 2029 Notes and up to an additional US$75 million in aggregate principal
amount of the 2030 Notes. The initial purchasers exercised in full the option to purchase from us
an aggregate of US$75 million principal amount of the 2029 Notes and US$75 million principal
amount of the 2030 Notes. The 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes are unsecured debt. The 2029
Notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.875% per year, and the 2030 Notes will bear interest at a
rate of 4.625% per year. The 2029 Notes will mature on October 15, 2029 and the 2030 Notes will
mature on October 15, 2030, unless repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their
terms prior to such date. The holders of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes shall have the right, at
such holder’s option, to convert all or any portion of their 2029 Notes or 2030 Notes, as applicable,
at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately
preceding the relevant maturity date.


Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver to such converting holders, as the case may be, cash,
ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at our election. The initial conversion rate of the 2029
Notes is 89.9685 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2029 Notes. The initial conversion
rate of the 2030 Notes is 89.9685 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2030 Notes.
The relevant conversion rate for such series of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes is subject to
adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events.


Holders of the 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes may require us to repurchase all or any portion of their
2029 Notes and 2030 Notes for cash on October 15, 2027, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and
October 15, 2028, in the case of 2030 Notes, or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a
repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes to
be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date.
In addition, on or after October 22, 2027, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and October 22, 2028, in
the case of the 2030 Notes, until the 20th scheduled trading day immediately prior to the relevant
maturity date, we may redeem all or part of the 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes, as applicable for
cash subject to certain conditions, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
to, but excluding, the optional redemption date. Furthermore, we may redeem all but not part of
the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes in the event of certain changes in the tax laws. Satisfying the
obligations of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes could adversely affect the amount or timing
of any distributions to our shareholders. We may choose to satisfy, repurchase, or refinance the
2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes through public or private equity or debt financings if we deem such
financings available on favorable terms.


Based on the outstanding principal amount of the 2024 Notes, 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes,
the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes, and the highest conversion rate under each indenture, the
maximum number of ADSs that would be issued in connection with the outstanding convertible
notes is approximately 169.4 million.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      203
      PART I


                 Our principal sources of liquidity have been proceeds from issuances of equity securities, our
                 notes offerings, our bank facilities and cash flow from business operations. We have been
                 applying a variety of methods to manage our working capital. We use just-in-time, pull-production
                 system to control the inventory level of the components. We adopt made-to-order model and do
                 not maintain a high level of inventories of vehicles. We aim to fulfill orders and deliver vehicles to
                 our users within 21 to 28 days from the date users place their orders. We manage the payment
                 term policy to suppliers to improve our cash position. For most of our suppliers, the payment term
                 ranges from 30 to 90 days. Meanwhile, payment methods can be a combination of cash and notes
                 payable.


                 We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments balance as of
                 December 31, 2023 is sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures and other
                 obligations for at least the next twelve months. However, we may decide to enhance our liquidity
                 position or increase our cash reserve for future expansions and acquisitions through additional
                 capital and/or finance funding. The issuance and sale of additional equity would result in further
                 dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed
                 obligations and could result in operating covenants that would restrict our operations. We cannot
                 assure you that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.


                 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated.


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2021          2022                  2023

                                                                        RMB           RMB               RMB              US$
                                                                                      (in thousands)

                 Summary of Consolidated Cash Flow Data:
                 Net cash used in operating activities before
                   movements in working capital                     (701,159)    (8,116,982)     (14,466,984)      (2,037,633)
                 Changes in operating assets and liabilities       2,667,545      4,250,974       13,085,438       1,843,046
                 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating
                   activities                                      1,966,386     (3,866,008)       (1,381,546)      (194,587)
                 Net cash (used in)/provided by investing
                   activities                                     (39,764,704)   10,385,017      (10,885,375)      (1,533,173)
                 Net cash provided by/(used in) financing
                   activities                                     18,128,743     (1,616,384)      27,662,881       3,896,236
                 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash
                   equivalents and restricted cash                  (500,959)      (121,896)           70,254          9,895
                 Net (decrease)/increase in cash, cash
                   equivalents and restricted cash                (20,170,534)    4,780,729       15,466,214       2,178,371
                 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
                   beginning of the year                          38,545,098     18,374,564       23,155,293       3,261,355
                 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
                   end of the year                                18,374,564     23,155,293       38,621,507       5,439,726




204   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating activities was RMB1,381.5 million (US$194.6 million) in 2023, as
compared to a net loss of RMB20,719.8 million. The difference was primarily attributable to (i)
non-cash items of RMB6,252.8 million, which primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization
of RMB3,378.0 million, share-based compensation expenses of RMB2,369.0 million, amortization
of right-of-use assets of RMB1,529.5 million, and (ii) a net increase in changes in operating
assets and liabilities by RMB13,085.4 million, which was primarily attributable to an increase in
trade and notes payable of RMB4,870.8 million, a decrease in inventory of RMB2,895.5 million, a
decrease in other non-current assets of RMB2,600.0 million.


Net cash used in operating activities was RMB3,866.0 million in 2022, as compared to a net
loss of RMB14,437.1 million. The difference was primarily attributable to (i) non-cash items of
RMB6,320.1 million, which primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of RMB2,852.3
million, share-based compensation expenses of RMB2,295.9 million, amortization of right-of-use
assets of RMB1,141.7 million, and (ii) a net increase in changes in operating assets and liabilities
by RMB4,251.0 million, which was primarily attributable to an increase in trade and notes payable
of RMB11,650.9 million, an increase in accruals and other liabilities of RMB4,119.4 million, an
increase in other non-current liabilities of RMB1,620.9 million, which was partially offset by,
among other things, an increase in inventory of RMB6,257.5 million, trade and notes receivable of
RMB2,303.4 million and prepayments and other current assets of RMB1,239.9 million.


Net cash provided by operating activities was RMB1,966.4 million in 2021, as compared to a net
loss of RMB4,016.9 million. The difference was primarily attributable to (i) non-cash items of
RMB3,315.8 million, which primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of RMB1,708.0
million, share-based compensation expenses of RMB1,010.1 million, amortization of right-of-use
assets of RMB643.9 million and expected credit loss expense of RMB54.3 million, and (ii) a net
increase in changes in operating assets and liabilities by RMB2,667.5 million, which was primarily
attributable to an increase in trade and notes payable of RMB6,260.3 million, an increase in
accruals and other liabilities of RMB2,485.1 million, an increase in other non-current liabilities of
RMB1,778.4 million, an increase in taxes payable of RMB447.0 million and an increase in amount
due to related parties of RMB342.6 million, which was partially offset by, among other things, an
increase in other non-current assets of RMB3,705.8 million and an increase in trade and notes
receivable of RMB1,717.7 million.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      205
      PART I


                 Investing Activities

                 Net cash used in investing activities was RMB10,885.4 million (US$1,533.2 million) in 2023,
                 primarily attributable to (i) purchase of short-term investments of RMB43,899.1 million, and
                 (ii) purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of RMB14,340.8 million,
                 inclusive of VAT input, partially offset by proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of
                 RMB47,753.6 million.


                 Net cash provided by investing activities was RMB10,385.0 million in 2022, primarily attributable
                 to proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of RMB106,658.2 million, partially offset
                 by (i) purchase of short-term investments of RMB87,631.7 million, (ii) purchase of property, plant
                 and equipment and intangible assets of RMB6,972.9 million, and (iii) purchase of held to maturity
                 debt investments of RMB1,830.0 million.


                 Net cash used in investing activities was RMB39,764.7 million in 2021, primarily attributable to
                 (i) purchases of short-term investments of RMB134,316.2 million, (ii) purchase of property, plant
                 and equipment and intangible assets of RMB4,078.8 million, (iii) acquisitions of held to maturity
                 debt investments of RMB1,300.0 million, (iv) acquisitions of equity investees and equity security
                 investments of RMB592.6 million, and (v) purchase of available-for-sale debt investment of
                 RMB650.0 million, partially offset by (i) proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of
                 RMB101,121.7 million, and (ii) loan repayment from related parties of RMB50.0 million.


                 Financing Activities

                 Net cash provided by financing activities was RMB27,662.9 million (US$3,896.2 million) in 2023,
                 primarily attributable to (i) proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares to CYVN Investments, net
                 of RMB20,962.3 million, (ii) proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes of RMB8,120.8
                 million, and (iii) proceeds from borrowings from third parties of RMB8,014.4 million, partially
                 offset by repayments of borrowings from third parties of RMB6,096.0 million and repurchase of
                 convertible senior notes of RMB3,387.6 million.


                 Net cash used in financing activities was RMB1,616.4 million in 2022, primarily attributable to
                 repayments of borrowings from third parties of RMB7,347.9 million and repurchase of convertible
                 senior notes of RMB1,202.4 million, partially offset by proceeds from borrowings from third
                 parties of RMB6,918.6 million.


                 Net cash provided by financing activities was RMB18,128.7 million in 2021, primarily attributable
                 to (i) proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares, net of RMB12,677.6 million, (ii) proceeds from
                 issuance of convertible senior notes of RMB9,560.8 million, (iii) proceeds from borrowings from
                 third parties of RMB6,112.0 million, and (iv) proceeds from exercise of stock options of RMB144.6
                 million, partially offset by (i) repurchase of redeemable non-controlling interests of RMB8,000.0
                 million, (ii) repayments of borrowings from third parties of RMB2,432.3 million, and (iii) principal
                 payments of finance leases of RMB32.9 million.




206   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                   PART I


Material Cash Requirements

Our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2023 and any subsequent interim period
primarily include our capital commitments, operating and financing lease obligations, short-term
and long-term borrowings, convertible notes and asset-backed securities and notes, as below:


                                                             Payment due by period

                                                     Less than                                     More than
                                            Total       1 year         1-3 years       3-5 years      5 years

                                                                 (in RMB thousands)

Capital commitments                     6,017,818    5,512,258           505,231            329            –
Operating lease obligations            17,197,585    2,658,392         3,674,221       2,623,203    8,241,769
Finance lease obligations                 66,423       28,395             21,930         13,779        2,319
Short-term and long-term borrowings     7,125,800    5,927,420           815,880        340,000       42,500
Interest on borrowings                   160,948       98,241             51,540         10,626          541
Convertible notes with principal and
  interest                             16,646,343    3,684,309         4,282,406       8,679,628           –
Asset-backed notes                       278,823      278,823                  –              –            –
Total                                  47,493,740   18,187,838         9,351,208      11,667,565    8,287,129


Our capital commitments are commitments in relation to the purchase of property and equipment
including leasehold improvements.


Our operating and finance lease obligations consist of leases in relation to certain manufacturing
plant, offices and buildings, NIO Houses and other property for our sales and after-sales network.


Our short-term and long-term borrowings represent borrowings with maturity from eleven months
to seven years.


Our convertible notes that remained outstanding as of December 31, 2023 represented the 2024
Notes with outstanding principal amount of US$163.7 million as of December 31, 2023, which
matured on February 1, 2024, the 2026 Notes with outstanding principal amount of US$301.5
million as of December 31, 2023, the 2027 Notes with outstanding principal amount of US$505.6
million as of December 31, 2023, which will mature in February 2026 and February 2027, the 2029
Notes with outstanding principal amount of US$575 million as of December 31, 2023 and the 2030
Notes with outstanding principal amount of US$575 million as of December 31, 2023, which will
mature in October 2029 and October 2030, respectively. The 2024 Notes matured on February 1,
2024, and we repaid the then outstanding 2024 Notes that had not been redeemed, repurchased
or converted in full. On February 1, 2024, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to 2026
Notes with aggregate principal amount of US$300.5 million.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023    207
      PART I


                 Our asset-backed notes represent the proceeds from the issuance of debt notes under asset-
                 backed securitization arrangements with the principal amount of RMB847 million and RMB1,025
                 million as of December 31, 2023, which will become mature in March 2024 and June 2024,
                 respectively.


                 We intend to fund our existing and future material cash requirements with our existing cash
                 balance. We will continue to make cash commitments, including capital expenditures, to support
                 the growth of our business.


                 Other than those shown above, we did not have any significant capital and other commitments,
                 long-term obligations, mortgages and charges or guarantees as of December 31, 2023. As
                 of December 31, 2023, save as disclosed in our consolidated financial statements included
                 elsewhere in this annual report, we did not have significant contingent liabilities. As of December
                 31, 2023, save as disclosed in this section, we did not have any significant bank overdrafts, loans
                 and other similar indebtedness, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, debentures,
                 mortgages, charges hire purchase commitments or other outstanding material contingent
                 liabilities.


                 Capital Expenditures

                 In 2021, 2022 and 2023, our capital expenditures were mainly used for the acquisition of property,
                 plant and equipment which consisted primarily of charging and battery swap equipment, mold
                 and tooling, production facilities, IT equipment, research and development equipment, leasehold
                 improvements mainly for NIO Houses and NIO Spaces, delivery and servicing centers, Power
                 Swap Stations and laboratories as well as equity investments. We made capital expenditures of
                 RMB4,671.3 million, RMB7,251.9 million and RMB14,762.5 million (US$2,079.3 million) in 2021,
                 2022 and 2023, respectively. We expect our capital expenditures to continue to be significant in
                 the foreseeable future as we expand our business, and that our level of capital expenditures will
                 be significantly affected by user demand for our products and services. The fact that we have a
                 limited operating history means we have limited historical data on the demand for our products
                 and services. As a result, our future capital requirements may be uncertain and actual capital
                 requirements may be different from those we currently anticipate. To the extent the proceeds
                 of securities we have issued and cash flows from our business activities are insufficient to fund
                 future capital requirements, we may need to seek equity or debt financing. We will continue to
                 make capital expenditures to support the expected growth of our business.




208   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


  Holding Company Structure

   NIO Inc. is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our operations
   in China primarily through our PRC subsidiaries, and, to a much lesser extent, the VIEs and their
   subsidiary. As a result, our ability to pay dividends depends significantly upon dividends paid by
   our PRC subsidiaries. If our existing PRC subsidiaries or any newly formed ones incur debt on their
   own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay
   dividends to us. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China are permitted to pay
   dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC
   accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC law, each of our subsidiaries and the VIEs and
   their subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year,
   if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50% of its registered
   capital. In addition, each of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China may allocate a portion
   of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to enterprise expansion funds, staff
   bonuses and welfare funds at its discretion, and the VIEs may allocate a portion of their after-
   tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to a discretionary surplus fund at its discretion.
   The statutory reserve funds and the discretionary funds are not distributable as cash dividends.
   Remittance of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned company out of China is subject to examination
   by the banks designated by the SAFE. Our PRC subsidiaries have not paid dividends and will not
   be able to pay dividends until they generate accumulated profits and meet the requirements for
   statutory reserve funds. The VIEs did not have any material assets or liabilities as of December
   31, 2023. In the future, we expect (i) Beijing NIO to focus on value-added telecommunications
   services, including, without limitation, performing internet services as well as holding certain
   related licenses; (ii) Anhui NIO AT to focus on assisted and intelligent driving services, including,
   without limitation, performing certain services as well as holding certain related licenses; and (iii)
   Anhui NIO DT to focus on insurance brokerage services, including, without limitation, performing
   insurance brokerage services as well as holding certain related licenses through its subsidiary.


  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

   Other than the guarantees provided to Battery Asset Company in relation to the BaaS model
   as described in Note 2(r) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
   annual report, we have not entered into any off-balance sheet financial guarantees or other
   off-balance sheet commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We
   have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified
   as shareholder’s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
   Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an
   unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We
   do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity,
   market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or product development services
   with us.


C. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, etc.

   See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Intellectual Property.”




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      209
      PART I


                 D. Trend Information

                    Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends,
                    uncertainties, demands, commitments or events for the current fiscal year that are reasonably
                    likely to have a material effect on our net revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital
                    resources, or that would cause the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative
                    of future operating results or financial conditions.


                 E. Critical Accounting Estimates

                    We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires
                    our management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and
                    disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates, as well as the reported
                    amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. To the extent that there are
                    material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results
                    of operations would be affected. We base our estimates on our own historical experience and
                    other assumptions that we believe are reasonable after taking account of our circumstances and
                    expectations for the future based on available information. We evaluate these estimates on an
                    ongoing basis.


                    We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (i) the accounting estimate requires us to
                    make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate
                    was made, and (ii) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to
                    period or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period,
                    would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. There are other
                    items within our financial statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical, as
                    defined above. Changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact
                    on our financial statements. For a detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies and
                    related judgments, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
                    annual report.


                    Warranty liabilities

                    We accrue a warranty reserve for all new vehicles that we sell, which includes our best estimate
                    of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranties. These estimates are based
                    on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future
                    claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain given our relatively short history of sales, and
                    changes to the historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the
                    warranty reserve when we accumulate more actual data and experience in the future.


                    The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included
                    within accruals and other liabilities, while the remaining balance is included within other non-
                    current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Warranty expense is recorded as a
                    component of cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


                    When our assumptions relating to the estimates of the projected costs to repair or replace items
                    under warranties decreased/increased by 5% while holding all other assumptions constant, there
                    would be no significant impact to our consolidated results of operations.

210   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                  PART I


ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES
      A. Directors and Executive Officers

         The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the
         date of this annual report.


         Directors and Executive Officers            Age           Position/Title

         Bin Li                                      49            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
         Lihong Qin                                  50            Director and President
         Feng Shen                                   60            Executive Vice President
         Xin Zhou                                    53            Executive Vice President
         Wei Feng                                    44            Chief Financial Officer
         Ganesh V. Iyer                              56            Chief Executive Officer of NIO U.S.
         Hai Wu                                      55            Independent Director
         Denny Ting Bun Lee                          56            Independent Director
         Yu Long                                     51            Independent Director
         Yonggang Wen                                46            Independent Director
         Eddy Georges Skaf                           50            Director
         Nicholas Paul Collins                       49            Director

         Mr. Bin Li is our founder and has served as chairman of the board since our inception and our
         chief executive officer since March 2018. Since July 2021, Mr. Li has served as a director of Uxin
         Limited (Nasdaq: UXIN), a leading e-commerce platform for buying and selling used cars in China.
         In 2000, Mr. Li co-founded Beijing Bitauto E-Commerce Co., Ltd. and served as its director and
         president until 2006. From 2010 to 2020, Mr. Li served as chairman of the board of directors at
         Bitauto Holdings Limited (previously listed on NYSE with stock code BITA), a former NYSE-listed
         automobile service company and a leading automobile service provider in China. In 2002, Mr. Li
         co-founded Beijing Creative & Interactive Digital Technology Co., Ltd. as the chairman of the board
         of directors and had served as its president and director. Mr. Li received his bachelor’s degree in
         sociology from Peking University.


         Mr. Lihong Qin is our co-founder and has served as our director and our president since our
         inception. Prior to joining us, Mr. Qin served as chief marketing officer and executive director at
         Longfor Properties Co., Ltd. (HKEX: 960), a leading company involved in property development
         and investment in China, from 2008 to 2014. He also served as deputy general manager at Anhui
         Chery Automobile Sales and Service Company from 2005 to 2008, as senior consultant and project
         manager at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Qin received his bachelor’s
         degree and a master’s degree in law from Peking University in 1996 and 1999, respectively, and a
         master’s degree in public policy from Harvard University in 2001.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023     211
      PART I


                 Mr. Feng Shen joined our company in December 2017, and currently serves as our executive vice
                 president and chairman of quality management committee. Mr. Shen worked in several senior
                 executive management roles, such as president of Polestar China and global chief technology
                 officer at Polestar, president at Volvo Cars China R&D Company, vice president of Volvo Cars Asia-
                 Pacific Operation, and chairman at China-Sweden Traffic Safety Research Center from 2010 to
                 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Shen served in various roles, including powertrain manager and six-sigma
                 quality management master, at Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) from 1999 to 2010 in the United
                 States and China. Mr. Shen received a bachelor’s degree in mathematics and mechanics and a
                 master’s degree in applied mechanics from Fudan University in 1984 and 1987, respectively. He
                 also received a doctoral degree in mechanical engineering from Auburn University in 1996.


                 Mr. Xin Zhou joined our company in April 2015. He has served as the chairman of product
                 committee since 2017, and currently serves as our executive vice president. Prior to joining our
                 company, Mr. Zhou served as executive director at Qoros Automotive Co., Ltd. from September
                 2009 to April 2015. Prior to that, he was the engagement manager of McKinsey & Co. from April
                 2007 to August 2009, and executive director of Lear Corp. (NYSE: LEA) from May 1998 to April
                 2007. From 1995 to 1998, Mr. Zhou worked at General Motors China Inc. Mr. Zhou received a
                 bachelor’s degree in applied science from Fudan University in 1992 and a master’s degree in
                 business administration from China Europe International Business School in 2008.


                 Mr. Wei Feng has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2019. Mr. Feng serves as an
                 independent non-executive director of TUHU Car Inc. (HKEX: 9690). Prior to joining our company,
                 Mr. Feng served as managing director and head of the auto and auto parts research team at
                 China International Capital Corporation. Prior to that, Mr. Feng served as an industry analyst at
                 Everbright Securities Co. Ltd. from 2010 to 2013. Mr. Feng’s career also includes more than five
                 years’ working experience within the ZF (China) Investment Co., Ltd. where he participated in
                 numerous corporate matters. Mr. Feng received his bachelor’s degree in engineering from the
                 Department of Automotive Engineering at Tsinghua University, and his joint master’s degree in
                 automotive system engineering from RWTH Aachen University in Germany and Tsinghua University
                 in China.


                 Mr. Ganesh V. Iyer joined our company in April 2016. He has served as the chief executive officer
                 of NIO U.S. since December 2018. Mr. Iyer has over 32 years of experience delivering results
                 in various industries including autonomous technology, hi-tech, manufacturing, and telecom.
                 Mr. Iyer worked as vice president of Information Technology at Tesla Inc. (Nasdaq: TSLA) until
                 2016. Prior to Tesla, where he served as vice president of Information Technology, Mr. Iyer joined
                 VMWare (NYSE: VMW) in 2010 and held senior information technology leadership roles at VMWare.
                 Prior to VMWare, Mr. Iyer served as director of information technology at Juniper Networks (NYSE:
                 JNPR) and WebEx and worked in consulting primarily at Electronic Data Systems. Mr. Iyer received
                 a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of Calicut in India.




212   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Mr. Hai Wu has served as our director since July 2016. Mr. Wu has served as a managing partner
of Cenova Capital since May 2019. He has extensive experience in investments and management.
Prior to Cenova Capital, Mr. Wu served as an executive director of China at Temasek Holdings
Advisors (Beijing) Co., Ltd. since April 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Wu was the chief executive officer
at Ramaxel Technology (Shenzhen) Limited from April 2012 to February 2014 and a managing
director at CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd. from March 2010 to May 2012. Prior
to that, Mr. Wu had served at Beijing Branch office of McKinsey & Company for more than ten
years and was appointed as the global director and managing partner until February 2010. He also
served as a non-executive director of COFCO Meat Holdings Limited (HKEX: 1610) from September
2015 to December 2017. He received a bachelor’s degree in physiology from Peking University,
a master’s degree in business administration from the Johnson School of Management, Cornell
University and a doctoral degree in biomedical science from Rutgers University.


Mr. Denny Ting Bun Lee has served as our independent director since September 2018. Mr. Lee
currently serves as the chairman of the audit committees and an independent non-executive
director of the boards of New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. (NYSE: EDU; HKEX:
9901) and Jianpu Technology Inc. (NYSE: JT), which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
From April 2002 to June 2022, Mr. Lee served as a director of NetEase, Inc., formerly known as
NetEase.com, Inc., which is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq: NTES) and the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEX: 9999). He was the chief financial officer of NetEase.com, Inc.
from April 2002 to June 2007 and its financial controller from November 2001 to April 2002. Prior
to joining NetEase.com, Mr. Lee worked in the Hong Kong office of KPMG for more than ten years.
Mr. Lee graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University with a professional diploma in
accounting and is a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and The
Chartered Association of Certified Accountants.


Ms. Yu Long has served as our director since July 2021. Ms. Long currently serves as the Founding
and Managing Partner of BAI Capital. She also serves as a member of Bertelsmann Group
Management Committee and the governor of China Venture Capital and Private Equity Association.
Formerly, Ms. Long was the chief executive officer of Bertelsmann China Corporate Center
and the managing partner of Bertelsmann Asia Investments. Prior to that, she was a Principal
at Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments. She joined the international media, services, and
education company via the Bertelsmann Entrepreneurs Program in 2005. Ms. Long is a member
of the World Economic Forum’s Young Global Leaders Advisory Council and its Global Agenda
Council on the Future of Media, Entertainment & Information and was a member of the Stanford
Graduate School of Business Advisory Council from May 2015 to May 2021. Ms. Long serves
as an independent director on the board of directors of Tapestry Inc. (NYSE: TPR, its portfolio
includes Coach, Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade) and an independent non-executive director
of the boards of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited. Ms. Long received a
bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from University of Electronic Science and Technology in
China and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      213
      PART I


                 Mr. Yonggang Wen has served as our director since November 2023. Mr. Wen currently serves
                 as a Full Professor and President’s Chair of Computer Science and Engineering at Nanyang
                 Technological University, Singapore. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
                 Engineers (IEEE, the world’s largest technical professional organization), a Fellow of Singapore
                 Academy of Engineering, and a Distinguished Member of Association for Computing Machinery.
                 He also serves as the Director of the Centre for Computational Technologies in Finance, and
                 has been the Associate Provost (Graduate Education) and Dean of Graduate College at Nanyang
                 Technological University since January 2024. Mr. Wen has served as a non-executive director of
                 Red Dot Analytics Pte Ltd in Singapore since 2016. His career has been marked by pioneering work
                 in applying learning-based techniques to system prototyping and performance optimization for
                 large-scale networked computer systems. He has received numerous awards for his contributions,
                 including the 2020 IEEE Industrial Technical Excellence Award, the 2019 Nanyang Research Award
                 and the 2016 Nanyang Award in Innovation and Entrepreneurship. Professor Wen also has a
                 strong record of leadership in academic and research roles, including serving as the Chair for IEEE
                 ComSoc Multimedia Communication Technical Committee from 2014 to 2016 and the Editor in
                 Chief of IEEE Transactions on Multimedia currently. Professor Wen received his PhD in electrical
                 engineering and computer science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2008.


                 Mr. Eddy Georges Skaf has served as our director since February 2024. Mr. Skaf has held the
                 position of chief investment officer at CYVN Holdings L.L.C. since May 2023. He has also been
                 a director of Foreight Limited and Forseven Limited since June 2023, and a director of CYVN
                 Investments RSC Ltd. since July 2023. Previously, from August 2019 to May 2023, Mr. Skaf served
                 as a senior advisor to Digital Infrastructure at Mubadala. Before this, he served as the chief
                 strategy officer at Emirates Integrated Telecom Company (du) from August 2017 to May 2019. Mr.
                 Skaf received his bachelor’s degree in computer and communication engineering from American
                 University of Beirut in 1995, and his master’s degree of business administration in business
                 administration and management and master’s degree of science in management information
                 systems from Boston University in 2000.


                 Mr. Nicholas Paul Collins has served as our director since February 2024. Mr. Collins has served
                 as the chief executive officer of Forseven Limited since January 2024. Prior to this role, Mr. Collins
                 worked at Jaguar Land Rover from March 2015 to December 2023 in various capacities, including
                 a director of both Jaguar Land Rover Limited and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited, and an
                 executive director of vehicle programs at Jaguar Land Rover Limited. Mr. Collins began his career
                 in the automotive industry in 1993 and has extensive experience in global product development,
                 product and business strategy, and vehicle development and launch across Ford Motor Company
                 and Jaguar Land Rover. Mr. Collins received his master’s degree in mechanical engineering from
                 University of Nottingham in 1998, and an MBA from Henley Management College in 2004.




214   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


B. Compensation

  For the year ended December 31, 2023, we paid an aggregate of approximately US$3.1 million
  in cash to our directors and executive officers. For share incentive grants to our directors and
  executive officers, see “－Stock Incentive Plans.” We have not set aside or accrued any amount
  to provide pension, retirement or other similar benefits to our directors and executive officers.
  Our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs are required by law to make contributions equal to certain
  percentages of each employee’s salary for his or her pension insurance, medical insurance,
  unemployment insurance and other statutory benefits and a housing provident fund.


  Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements

  We have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers. Under
  these agreements, each of our executive officers is employed for a specified time period. For
  the executive officers who joined our company prior to September 2018, we may terminate
  employment for cause, at any time, without advance notice or remuneration, for certain acts of
  such executive officer, such as conviction or plea of guilty to a felony or any crime involving moral
  turpitude, negligent or dishonest acts to our detriment, or misconduct or a failure to perform
  agreed duties. In such case of termination, we will provide severance payments to the executive
  officer as expressly required by applicable law of the jurisdiction where the executive officer is
  based.


  Each executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the termination or expiry of
  the executive officer’s employment agreement, in strict confidence and not to use, except as
  required in the performance of the executive officer’s duties in connection with the executive
  officer’s employment or pursuant to applicable law, any of our confidential information or trade
  secrets, any confidential information or trade secrets of our clients or prospective clients, or the
  confidential or proprietary information of any third party that we received and for which we have
  confidential obligations. The executive officers have also agreed to disclose in confidence to us all
  inventions, designs and trade secrets which they conceive, develop or reduce to practice during
  the executive officer’s employment with us and to assign all right, title and interest in them to
  us, and assist us in obtaining and enforcing patents, copyrights and other legal rights for these
  inventions, designs and trade secrets.


  In addition, each executive officer has agreed to be bound by non-competition and non-solicitation
  restrictions during the term of the executive officer’s employment and typically for one year
  following the last date of employment. Specifically, each executive officer has agreed not to (i)
  approach our suppliers, clients, customers or contacts or other persons or entities introduced to
  the executive officer in the executive officer’s capacity as a representative of us for the purpose of
  doing business with such persons or entities that will harm our business relationships with these
  persons or entities; (ii) assume employment with or provide services to any of our competitors,
  or engage, whether as principal, partner, licensor or otherwise, with any of our competitors,
  without our express consent; or (iii) seek directly or indirectly, to solicit the services of any of our
  employees who we employed on or after the date of the executive officer’s termination, or in the
  year preceding such termination, without our express consent.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      215
      PART I


                 We have also entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and each of our
                 executive officers who joined our company prior to September 2018. Under these agreements, we
                 agree to indemnify our directors and executive officers against certain liabilities and expenses
                 incurred by such persons in connection with claims made by reason of their being a director or
                 officer of our company.


                 Stock Incentive Plans

                 We adopted share incentive plans in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2024, which we refer to as the
                 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and the 2024 Plan, respectively. The 2018
                 Plan expired on December 31, 2023. All of the others remain effective. The terms of the 2015 Plan,
                 the 2016 Plan and the 2017 Plan are substantially similar, and the terms of the 2018 Plan and
                 the 2024 Plan are substantially similar. The purpose of our stock incentive plans is to attract and
                 retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentives to our employees, directors
                 and consultants and to promote the success of our business. Our board of directors believes that
                 our long-term success is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain superior individuals who,
                 by virtue of their ability and qualifications, make important contributions to our business.


                 The maximum numbers of Class A ordinary shares which may be issued pursuant to all awards
                 are 46,264,378 under the 2015 Plan, 18,000,000 under the 2016 Plan and 33,000,000 under the
                 2017 Plan. The maximum number of shares available for issuance pursuant to all awards under
                 the 2018 Plan was initially 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, and the amount automatically
                 increased at the beginning of each new year by the number of shares representing 1.5% of
                 the then total issued and outstanding share capital of our company as of the end of the prior
                 year during the term of the 2018 Plan. The maximum number of shares available for issuance
                 pursuant to all awards under the 2024 Plan was initially 19,288,470 Class A ordinary shares, and
                 the amount automatically increases at the beginning of each new year by the number of shares
                 representing 1.2% of the then total issued and outstanding share capital of our company as of the
                 last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year during the term of the 2024 Plan. In addition, any
                 awards not granted under an earlier plan when it terminates are automatically added to the 2024
                 Plan. As of February 29, 2024, awards to purchase an aggregate amount of 123,804,348 Class A
                 ordinary shares under the 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and the 2024
                 Plan had been granted and were outstanding, excluding awards that were forfeited or cancelled
                 after the grant dates.


                 The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of the 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan and the
                 2017 Plan.


                 Types of Awards . These three plans permit the awards of options, restricted shares, restricted
                 share units, share appreciation rights, dividend equivalent right or other right or benefit under
                 each plan.




216   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Plan Administration . Our board of directors or a committee of one or more members of the board
of directors or officers administer these three plans. The committee or the full board of directors,
as applicable, will determine the grantees to receive awards, the type and number of awards to be
granted to each grantee, and the terms and conditions of each award grant.


Award Agreement . Awards granted under these three plans are evidenced by an award agreement
that sets forth terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the
award, the provisions applicable in the event that the grantee’s employment or service terminates,
and our authority to unilaterally or bilaterally amend the award.


Eligibility . We may grant awards to our employees, consultants and directors.


Vesting Schedule . Except as approved by the plan administrator, options to be issued to the
grantees under these three plans shall be subject to a minimum four (4) year vesting schedule
calling for vesting no earlier than the following, counting from the applicable grant date or vesting
commencement date (as determined by the plan administrator) with respect to the total issued
options: the option representing 25% of the Class A ordinary shares under the option shall vest at
the end of the first twelve (12) months commencing from the vesting commencement date, with
remaining portions vesting in equal monthly installments over the next thirty-six (36) months.


Exercise of Options . The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which is
stated in the relevant award agreement. Options that are vested and exercisable will terminate if
they are not exercised prior to the time as the plan administrator determines at the time of grant.
However, in the case of an option granted to an employee who, at the time the option is granted,
owns (or, pursuant to Section 424(d) of the U.S. Code, is deemed to own) stock representing more
than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of us or our subsidiary or
affiliate, the term of the option will not be longer than ten years from the date of grant under the
2017 Plan, or five years from the date of grant under the 2015 Plan and the 2016 Plan.


Transfer Restrictions. Awards shall be transferable, subject to applicable laws, (i) by will and by
the laws of descent and distribution and (ii) during the lifetime of the grantee, to the extent and in
the manner authorized by the plan administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the grantee may
designate one or more beneficiaries of the grantee’s award in the event of the grantee’s death on a
beneficiary designation form provided by the plan administrator.


Termination and Amendment of the Plan. Unless terminated earlier or extended before expiration,
each of these three plans has a term of ten years. The board of directors has the authority to
terminate, amend or modify any or all of these three plans; provided , however , that no such
amendment shall be made without the approval of our shareholders to the extent such approval
is required by applicable laws or provisions of the stock incentive plans. However, without the
prior written consent of the grantee, no such action may adversely affect any outstanding award
previously granted pursuant to the plan.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      217
      PART I


                 The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of the 2018 Plan before its expiration on
                 December 31, 2023.


                 Types of Awards . The 2018 Plan permits the awards of options, restricted shares or any other type
                 of awards that the committee grants.


                 Plan Administration . Our board of directors or a committee of one or more members of our board
                 of directors shall administer the 2018 Plan. The committee or the full board of directors, as
                 applicable, will determine the participants to receive awards, the type and number of awards to be
                 granted to each participant, and the terms and conditions of each award grant.


                 Award Agreement . Awards granted under the 2018 Plan are evidenced by an award agreement
                 that sets forth terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the
                 award, the provisions applicable in the event that the grantee’s employment or service terminates,
                 and our authority to unilaterally or bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind the
                 award.


                 Eligibility . We may grant awards to the employees, directors and consultants of our company.
                 However, we may grant incentive share options only to our employees, parent and subsidiaries.


                 Vesting Schedule . In general, the plan administrator determines the vesting schedule, which is
                 specified in the relevant award agreement.


                 Exercise of Options . The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which
                 is stated in the award agreement. The vested portion of an option will expire if not exercised prior
                 to the time as the plan administrator determines at the time of its grant. However, the maximum
                 exercisable term is five years from the date of a grant.


                 Transfer Restrictions . Awards may not be transferred in any manner by the grantee other than
                 by will or the laws of descent and distribution, except as otherwise determined by the plan
                 administrator.


                 Termination and amendment . Unless terminated earlier, the 2018 Plan has a term of five years
                 from January 1, 2019. Our board of directors has the authority to amend or terminate the plan.
                 However, no such action may adversely affect in any material way any awards previously granted
                 unless agreed by the grantee.


                 The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of the 2024 Plan.


                 Types of Awards . The 2024 Plan permits the awards of options, restricted shares or any other type
                 of awards that the committee grants.




218   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Plan Administration . Our board of directors or a committee of one or more members of our board
of directors shall administer the 2024 Plan. The committee or the full board of directors, as
applicable, shall determine the participants to receive awards, the type and number of awards to
be granted to each participant, and the terms and conditions of each award grant.


Award Agreement . Awards granted under the 2024 Plan are evidenced by an award agreement
that sets forth terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the
award, the provisions applicable in the event that the grantee’s employment or service terminates,
and our authority to unilaterally or bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind the
award.


Eligibility . We may grant awards to the employees, directors and consultants of our company.
However, we may grant incentive share options only to our employees, parent and subsidiaries.


Vesting Schedule . In general, the plan administrator determines the vesting schedule, which is
specified in the relevant award agreement.


Exercise of Options . The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which
is stated in the award agreement. The vested portion of an option will expire if not exercised prior
to the time as the plan administrator determines at the time of its grant. However, the maximum
exercisable term is ten years from the date of a grant.


Transfer Restrictions . Awards may not be transferred in any manner by the grantee other than
by will or the laws of descent and distribution, except as otherwise determined by the plan
administrator.


Termination and amendment . Unless terminated earlier, the 2024 Plan has a term of five years
from February 7, 2024. Our board of directors has the authority to amend or terminate the plans.
However, no such action may adversely affect in any material way any awards previously granted
unless agreed by the grantee.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      219
      PART I


                 The following table summarizes, as of February 29, 2024, the awards granted under the 2015 Plan,
                 the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and the 2024 Plan to several of our executive officers,
                 excluding awards that were forfeited or cancelled after the relevant grant dates.

                                                     Class A Ordinary
                                                   Shares Underlying
                                                         Options and           Exercise Price
                 Name                          Restricted Share Units          (US$/Share**)          Date of Grant      Date of Expiration
                 Bin Li                                   15,000,000                    2.55         March 1, 2018        February 29, 2028
                                                                                        N/A          March 5, 2020
                 Lihong Qin                                        *                    2.39            April 2, 2020          April 1, 2030
                                                                                        2.55      February 28, 2018       February 27, 2028
                                                                                        2.55       February 1, 2018        January 31, 2028
                                                                                        N/A          March 5, 2020
                                                                                        N/A         August 31, 2023
                 Xin Zhou                                          *                    2.05    September 25, 2019      September 24, 2026
                                                                                        2.39            April 2, 2020          April 1, 2030
                                                                                        2.55      February 28, 2018       February 27, 2028
                                                                                        2.55       February 1, 2018        January 31, 2028
                                                                                        N/A          March 5, 2020
                                                                                        N/A         August 31, 2023
                 Denny Ting Bun Lee                                *                    N/A     September 12, 2018
                                                                                        N/A         August 13, 2020
                                                                                        N/A     September 12, 2020
                 Hai Wu                                            *                    3.61           May 29, 2019           May 29, 2026
                                                                                        N/A           June 10, 2021
                                                                                        N/A       November 3, 2023
                 Feng Shen                                         *                     1.8     December 31, 2017       December 30, 2027
                                                                                        2.05    September 25, 2019      September 24, 2026
                                                                                        2.39            April 2, 2020          April 1, 2030
                                                                                        2.55       February 1, 2018        January 31, 2028
                                                                                        N/A          March 5, 2020
                                                                                        N/A         August 31, 2023
                 Wei Feng                                          *                     1.8     November 18, 2019      November 17, 2026
                                                                                        2.39            April 2, 2020        April 1, 2030
                                                                                        3.98           May 29, 2020          May 28, 2027
                                                                                        N/A          March 5, 2020
                                                                                        N/A         August 31, 2023
                 Ganesh V Iyer                                     *                    2.05    September 25, 2019      September 24, 2026
                                                                                        0.27            May 3, 2016            May 2, 2026
                                                                                        2.55         March 1, 2018        February 29, 2028
                                                                                        2.39            April 2, 2020          April 1, 2030
                                                                                        N/A         August 31, 2023
                 Yu Long                                           *                    N/A            July 12, 2021
                                                                                        N/A       November 3, 2023
                 Yonggang Wen                                      *                    N/A       November 3, 2023
                 Eddy Georges Skaf                                 *                    N/A        February 7, 2024
                 Nicholas Paul Collins                             *                    N/A        February 7, 2024
                 Total                                    26,639,608

                 *    Less than one percent of our total outstanding shares.




220   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


   As of February 29, 2024, non-executive officers and other grantees as a group held awards to
   purchase 98,713,648 Class A ordinary shares of our company. The exercise prices of the options
   outstanding as of February 29, 2024 ranged from US$0.1 to US$48.45 per share.


C. Board Practices

  Board of Directors

   The board of directors of our company, or the board, consists of eight directors. A director is
   not required to hold any shares in our company by way of qualification. A director may vote with
   respect to any contract, proposed contract or arrangement in which he is interested provided (a)
   such director has declared the nature of his interest at the earliest meeting of the board at which
   it is practicable for him to do so, either specifically or by way of a general notice and (b) if such
   contract or arrangement is a transaction with a related party, such transaction has been approved
   by the audit committee. The directors may exercise all the powers of our company to borrow
   money, mortgage our company’s undertaking, property and uncalled capital, and issue debentures
   or other securities whenever money is borrowed or as security for any obligation of our company or
   of any third party. None of our non-executive directors has a service contract with us that provides
   for benefits upon termination of service.


  Committees of the Board of Directors

   We have established three committees under the board: an audit committee, a compensation
   committee and a nominating and ESG committee. We have adopted a charter (as amended from
   time to time) for each of the three committees. Each committee’s members and functions are
   described below.


  Audit Committee . Our audit committee consists of Denny Ting Bun Lee, Hai Wu and Yu Long.
   Denny Ting Bun Lee is the chairman of our audit committee. We have determined that Denny Ting
   Bun Lee, Hai Wu and Yu Long satisfy the “independence” requirements of Section 303A of the
   Corporate Governance Rules of the New York Stock Exchange and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange
   Act. We have determined that Denny Ting Bun Lee qualifies as an “audit committee financial
   expert.” The audit committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the
   audits of the financial statements of our company. The audit committee is responsible for, among
   other things:


   •   appointing the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services
       permitted to be performed by the independent auditors;


   •   reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s
       response;


   •   discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent
       auditors;




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      221
      PART I


                 •   reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and
                     procedures and any steps taken to monitor and control major financial risk exposures;


                 •   reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions;


                 •   meeting separately and periodically with management and the independent auditors; and


                 •   monitoring compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics, including reviewing the
                     adequacy and effectiveness of our procedures to ensure proper compliance.


                 Compensation Committee . Our compensation committee consists of Hai Wu, Denny Ting Bun
                 Lee and Bin Li. Hai Wu is the chairman of our compensation committee. We have determined
                 that Hai Wu and Denny Ting Bun Lee satisfy the “independence” requirements of Section 303A of
                 the Corporate Governance Rules of the New York Stock Exchange. The compensation committee
                 assists the board in reviewing and approving the compensation structure, including all forms of
                 compensation, relating to our directors and executive officers. Our chief executive officer may
                 not be present at any committee meeting during which his compensation is deliberated. The
                 compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:


                 •   reviewing and approving, or recommending to the board for its approval, the compensation for
                     our chief executive officer and other executive officers;


                 •   reviewing and recommending to the board for determination with respect to the compensation
                     of our non-employee directors;


                 •   reviewing periodically and approving any incentive compensation or equity plans, programs or
                     similar arrangements; and


                 •   selecting any compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser only after taking into
                     consideration all factors to that person’s independence from management.


                 Nominating and ESG Committee . Our nominating and ESG committee consists of Yu Long, Hai
                 Wu and Denny Ting Bun Lee. Yu Long is the chairperson of our nominating and ESG committee.
                 Hai Wu, Denny Ting Bun Lee and Yu Long satisfy the “independence” requirements of Section
                 303A of the Corporate Governance Rules of the New York Stock Exchange. The nominating and
                 ESG committee assists the board in selecting individuals qualified to become our directors and in
                 determining the composition of the board and its committees. The nominating and ESG committee
                 is responsible for, among other things:


                 •   selecting and recommending to the board nominees for election by the shareholders or
                     appointment by the board;


                 •   reviewing annually with the board the current composition of the board with regards to
                     characteristics such as independence, knowledge, skills, experience and diversity;




222   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


•   making recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitoring
    the functioning of the committees of the board;


•   advising the board periodically with regard to significant developments in the law and practice
    of corporate governance as well as our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and
    making recommendations to the board on all matters of corporate governance and on any
    remedial action to be taken;


•   providing advice on ESG matters to management, and discussing with management and
    approving, or recommending to the board for approval, our company’s initiatives, objectives,
    strategies and targets for ESG matters; and


•   reviewing and monitoring our company’s progress toward achieving approved ESG objectives
    and targets.


Duties of Directors

Under Cayman Islands law, our directors owe fiduciary duties to our company, including a duty
to act honestly, and a duty to act in good faith. The directors must act bona fide in what they
consider to be in our best interests. Our directors must also exercise their powers only for a
proper purpose. Our directors also have a duty to act with skills they actually possess and
exercise the care and diligence that would be displayed by a reasonable director in comparable
circumstances. It was previously considered that a director need not exhibit in the performance
of his duties a greater degree of skill than may reasonably be expected from a person of his
knowledge and experience. However, English and Commonwealth courts have moved towards an
objective standard with regard to the required skill and care and these authorities are likely to
be followed in the Cayman Islands. In fulfilling their duty of care to us, our directors must ensure
compliance with our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
as amended and restated from time to time, and the class rights vested thereunder in the holders
of the shares. Our directors owe their fiduciary duties to our company and not to our company’s
individual shareholders, and it is our company which has the right to seek damages if a duty owed
by our directors is breached. In certain limited exceptional circumstances, a shareholder may have
the right to seek damages in our name if a duty owed by our directors is breached.


Our board of directors has all the powers necessary for managing, and for directing and
supervising, our business affairs. The functions and powers of our board of directors include,
among others:


•   convening shareholders’ annual and extraordinary general meetings and reporting its work to
    shareholders at such meetings;


•   declaring dividends and other distributions;


•   appointing officers and determining the term of office of the officers;




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      223
      PART I


                   •   exercising the borrowing powers of our company and mortgaging the property of our company;
                       and


                   •   approving the transfer of shares in our company, including the registration of such shares in
                       our share register.


                   Terms of Directors and Officers

                   Our directors are not subject to a term of office (unless there is any written agreement between
                   our company and such director) and hold office until such time as they are removed from office
                   by ordinary resolution of the shareholders or by the board pursuant to our thirteenth amended
                   and restated memorandum and articles of association. The office of a director shall be vacated if,
                   among other things, the director (i) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition
                   with his creditors; (ii) resigns his office by notice in writing to our company; or (iii) dies or is found
                   to be or becomes of unsound mind. In addition, for so long as our Class A ordinary shares are
                   listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, our independent directors are subject to retirement by
                   rotation at least once every three years and eligible for re-election at our annual general meeting.


                   Our officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, and may be
                   removed by our board of directors.


                 D. Employees

                   As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we had 15,204, 26,763 and 32,820 full-time employees.
                   The following table sets forth the numbers of our employees categorized by function as of
                   December 31, 2023.


                                                                                                                      As of
                                                                                                      December 31, 2023

                   User experience (sales and marketing and service)                                                17,172
                   Product and software development                                                                 11,222
                   Manufacturing                                                                                     2,231
                   General administration                                                                            2,195
                   Total number of employees                                                                        32,820


                   Our employees have set up labor unions in China according to the related Chinese labor law.
                   To date, we have not experienced any labor strike, and we consider our relationship with our
                   employees to be good.


                   We provide competitive level of salary and other employee benefits to our employees. Every
                   employee beneficially owns shares in our company. We provide employees with a wide range of
                   benefits, including but not limited to employees’ commercial insurance, physical examinations,
                   vocational training and holiday benefits. We aim to create a warm, safe and secure working
                   environment for everyone.




224   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


E. Share Ownership

  Except as specifically noted, the following table sets forth information with respect to the
  beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 31, 2024 with respect to:


  •   each of our directors and executive officers; and


  •   each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5% of our ordinary shares.


  The calculations in the table below are based on 2,087,029,186 ordinary shares outstanding as of
  March 31, 2024, comprising of 1,938,529,186 Class A ordinary shares (excluding 10,722,037 Class
  A ordinary shares issued and reserved for future issuance upon the exercising or vesting of awards
  granted under our stock incentive plans) and 148,500,000 Class C ordinary shares.


  Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. In
  computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership
  of that person, we have included shares that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days,
  including through the exercise of any option, warrant, or other right or the conversion of any other
  security. These shares, however, are not included in the computation of the percentage ownership
  of any other person.

                                     Class A        Class C          Total
                                    ordinary       ordinary       ordinary                       % of
                                      shares         shares         shares         % of     aggregate
                                 beneficially   beneficially   beneficially   beneficial       voting
                                      owned          owned          owned     ownership       power†
  Directors and Executive
    Officers**:
  Bin Li(1)                       30,467,776    148,500,000    178,967,776           8.5         38.5
  Lihong Qin                               *              –              *             *            *
  Feng Shen                                *              –              *             *            –
  Xin Zhou                                 *              –              *             *            *
  Wei Feng                                 *              –              *             *            –
  Ganesh V. Iyer(2)                        *              –              *            *            *
  Hai Wu(3)
                                           *              –              *            *            –
  Denny Ting Bun Lee(4)                    *              –              *            *            –
  Yu Long(5)                               *              –              *            *            –
  Yonggang Wen(6)                          –              –              –            –            –
  Eddy Georges Skaf(7)                     –              –              –            –            –
  Nicholas Paul Collins(8)                 –              –              –            –            –
  All Directors and Executive
     Officers as a Group          50,797,273    148,500,000    199,317,273           9.5         38.9
  Principal Shareholders:
  Founder vehicles(9)             16,967,776    148,500,000    165,467,776          7.9          38.5
  CYVN Investments RSC Ltd(10)   418,833,157              –    418,833,157         20.1          13.4
  Tencent entities(11)           124,112,015              –    124,112,015          5.9           3.9




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023    225
      PART I


                 *   Less than 1% of our total outstanding shares.

                 ** Except where otherwise disclosed in the footnotes below, the business address of all the directors and executive officers
                    is Building 19, No. 1355, Caobao Road, Minhang District, Shanghai, People’s Republic of China.

                 †   For each person and group included in this column, percentage of voting power is calculated by dividing the voting power
                     beneficially owned by such person or group by the voting power of all of our Class A and Class C ordinary shares as a
                     single class. Each holder of our Class A ordinary shares is entitled to one vote per share and each holder of our Class
                     C ordinary shares is entitled to eight votes per share on all matters submitted to them for a vote. Our Class A ordinary
                     shares and Class C ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders,
                     except as may otherwise be required by law.

                 (1) Represents (i) 13,500,000 Class A ordinary shares issuable to Mr. Bin Li upon exercise of options within 60 days of March
                     31, 2024, (ii) 89,013,451 Class C ordinary shares held by Originalwish Limited, a British Virgin Islands company wholly
                     owned by Mr. Bin Li, (iii) 26,454,325 Class C ordinary shares held by mobike Global Ltd., a British Virgin Islands company
                     wholly owned by Mr. Bin Li, and (iv) 16,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares held by
                     NIO Users Limited, a holding company controlled by NIO Users Trust, which is under the control of Mr. Bin Li, among which
                     14,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares were held on record by NIO Users Limited and
                     2,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were held on record by NIO Users Community Limited, a British Virgin Islands company
                     wholly owned by NIO Users Limited.

                 (2) The business address of Mr. Iyer is 3200 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95134.

                 (3) The business address of Mr. Wu is No. 53, Gaoyou Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, People’s Republic of China.

                 (4) The business address of Mr. Lee is No. 4 Dianthus Road, Yau Yat Chuen, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

                 (5) The business address of Ms. Long is Unit 1610, 16th Floor, West Tower, Genesis Beijing, 8 Xinyuan South Road, Chaoyang
                     District, Beijing 100027, People’s Republic of China.

                 (6) The business address of Mr. Wen is N4-02c-95, Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639798.

                 (7) The business address of Mr. Skaf is Building No. 51B, Al Bateen Executive Airport, Abu Dhabi, UAE.

                 (8) The business address of Mr. Collins is Suite 1, 7th Floor 50 Broadway, London, United Kingdom, SW1H 0DB.

                 (9) Represents (i) 89,013,451 Class C ordinary shares held by Originalwish Limited, a British Virgin Islands company wholly
                     owned by Mr. Bin Li, (ii) 26,454,325 Class C ordinary shares held by mobike Global Ltd., a British Virgin Islands company
                     wholly owned by Mr. Bin Li, and (iii) 16,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares held
                     by NIO Users Limited, a holding company controlled by NIO Users Trust, which is under the control of Mr. Bin Li, among
                     which ordinary shares 14,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares were held on record by
                     NIO Users Limited and 2,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were held on record by NIO Users Community Limited, a British
                     Virgin Islands company wholly owned by NIO Users Limited. The registered address of Originalwish Limited and mobike
                     Global Ltd. is Sertus Chambers, P.O. Box 905, Quastisky Building, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. The registered
                     address of NIO Users Limited is Maples Corporate Services (BVI) Limited, Kingston Chambers, PO Box 173, Road Town,
                     Tortola, British Virgin Islands.

                 (10) Represents 418,833,157 Class A ordinary shares held by CYVN Investments RSC Ltd, according to the statement on
                      Schedule 13D/A filed on February 28, 2024 by CYVN Investments RSC Ltd. CYVN Investments RSC Ltd is a restricted scope
                      company incorporated in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, and is wholly-owned by the
                      Government of Abu Dhabi represented by the Abu Dhabi Department of Finance. The principal business address of CYVN
                      Investments RSC Ltd is Office at 9th Floor, Level 9, Al Khatem Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island,
                      Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.




226   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                  PART I


   (11) Based on the statement on Schedule 13D/A filed on June 23, 2023 jointly by (i) Tencent Holdings Limited, (ii) Image
        Frame Investment (HK) Limited, and (iii) Huang River Investment Limited, pursuant to which, as of June 23, 2023, Image
        Frame Investment (HK) Limited held 47,251,193 Class A ordinary shares, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings
        Limited held 146,578 Class A ordinary shares, and Huang River Investment Limited beneficially owned 76,714,244 Class
        A ordinary shares. Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited, Huang River Investment Limited and Tencent Holdings Limited
        are collectively referred to in this annual report as the Tencent entities. Huang River Investment Limited is a company
        incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited is a company incorporated in Hong
        Kong. Each of Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited and Huang River Investment Limited is beneficially owned and
        controlled by Tencent Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands company. The registered office of Huang River Investment
        Limited is Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands. The
        registered address of Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited is 29/F Three Pacific Place, No. 1 Queen’s Road East,
        Wanchai, Hong Kong. The principal business address of Tencent Holdings Limited is Level 29, Three Pacific Place, No. 1
        Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


   As of March 31, 2024, to our knowledge, 378,564,881 of our Class A ordinary shares were held by
   one record holder in the United States, which was Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the
   depositary of our ADS program. The number of beneficial owners of our ADSs in the United States
   is likely to be much larger than the number of record holders of our ordinary shares in the United
   States. We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change
   of control of our company.


   Currently, our ordinary shares consist of Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares.
   Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class
   C ordinary shares are entitled to eight votes per share. We issued Class A ordinary shares
   represented by our ADSs in our initial public offering in September 2018. Holders of our Class
   C ordinary shares may choose to convert their respective Class C ordinary shares into the same
   number of Class A ordinary shares at any time. Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into
   Class C ordinary shares under any circumstance. See “Item 10. Additional Information – B.
   Memorandum and Articles of Association” for a more detailed description of our ordinary shares.


F. Disclosure of Registrant’s Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation

   Not applicable.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023          227
      PART I


      ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                 A. Major Shareholders

                    See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – E. Share Ownership.”


                 B. Related Party Transactions

                    Contractual Arrangements with The VIEs and Their Shareholders

                    See “Item 4. Information on the Company – C. Organizational Structure.”


                    Shareholders Agreement and Registration Rights

                    We entered into a shareholders agreement and a right of first refusal and co-sale agreement on
                    November 10, 2017 with our shareholders.


                    The shareholders agreement and right of first refusal and co-sale agreement (i) provided for
                    certain special rights, including right of first refusal, co-sale rights and preemptive rights and (ii)
                    contained provisions governing board of directors and other corporate governance matters. These
                    special rights and corporate governance provisions automatically terminated upon the closing of
                    the initial public offering of our ADSs on September 12, 2018.


                    Pursuant to our shareholders agreement dated November 10, 2017, we have granted certain
                    registration rights to those shareholders who are parties to that agreement. Set forth below is a
                    description of the registration rights granted under the agreement.


                    Demand Registration Rights . Holders holding 10% or more of the voting power of the then
                    outstanding registrable securities held by all holders are entitled to request in writing that we
                    effect a registration statement for any or all of the registrable securities of the initiating holders.
                    We have the right to defer filing of a registration statement for a period of not more than 90 days
                    if our board of directors determines in good faith judgment that filing of a registration statement
                    in the near future will be materially detrimental to us or our shareholders, but we cannot exercise
                    the deferral right on any one occasion or more than once during any twelve-month period and
                    cannot register any other securities during such period. We are not obligated to effect more
                    than two demand registrations. Further, if the registrable securities are offered by means of an
                    underwritten offering, and the managing underwriter advises us that marketing factors require a
                    limitation of the number of securities to be underwritten, the underwriters may decide to exclude
                    up to 75% of the registrable securities requested to be registered but only after first excluding all
                    other equity securities from the registration and underwritten offering, provided that the number
                    of shares to be included in the registration on behalf of the non-excluded holders is allocated
                    among all holders in proportion to the respective amounts of registrable securities requested by
                    such holders to be included.




228   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Registration on Form F-3 or Form S-3 . Any holder is entitled to request us to file a registration
statement on Form F-3 or Form S-3 if we qualify for registration on Form F-3 or Form S-3. The
holders are entitled to an unlimited number of registrations on Form F-3 or Form S-3 so long as
such registration offerings are in excess of US$5.0 million. We have the right to defer filing of a
registration statement for a period of not more than 60 days if our board of directors determines
in good faith judgment that filing of a registration statement in the near future will be materially
detrimental to us or our shareholders, but we cannot exercise the deferral right on any one
occasion or more than once during any twelve-month period and cannot register any other
securities during such period.


Piggyback Registration Rights . If we propose to register for our own account any of our equity
securities, or for the account of any holder, other than current shareholders, of such equity
securities, in connection with the public offering, we shall offer holders of our registrable
securities an opportunity to be included in such registration. If the underwriters advise in writing
that market factors require a limitation of the number of registrable securities to be underwritten,
the underwriters may exclude up to 75% of the registrable securities requested to be registered
but only after first excluding all other equity securities (except for securities sold for the account
of our company) from the registration and underwriting, provided that the number of shares to be
included in the registration on behalf of the non-excluded holders is allocated among all holders
in proportion to the respective amounts of registrable securities requested by such holders to be
included.


Expenses of Registration . We will bear all registration expenses, other than the underwriting
discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of registrable securities, incurred in
connection with registrations, filings or qualification pursuant to the shareholders agreement.


Termination of Obligations . We have no obligation to effect any demand, piggyback, Form F-3
or Form S-3 registration upon the earlier of (i) September 14, 2028 and (ii) with respect to any
holder, the date on which such holder may sell without registration, all of such holder’s registrable
securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act in any 90-day period.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      229
      PART I


                 In addition, on June 20, 2023, we entered into a registration rights agreement with CYVN Holdings
                 L.L.C. On July 11, 2023, CYVN Holdings L.L.C. assigned all of its rights, interests and obligations
                 under the registration rights agreement to its affiliate, CYVN Investments, which executed a
                 counterpart to the registration rights agreement and agreed to be treated as an investor under
                 the registration rights agreement. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, subject to
                 certain exceptions, we are obligated to prepare and file with the SEC (i) no later than the 30th
                 day immediately following the six-month anniversary of the closing of the share subscription
                 agreement entered into by us and CYVN Holdings L.L.C., i.e., January 19, 2024, and (ii) at any
                 time thereafter, no later than the 30th day immediately following a written demand by CYVN
                 Investments (in case we do not already have an effective registration statement on Form F-3 on file
                 with the SEC) a registration statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant
                 to Rule 415 of the Securities Act, registering the resale from time to time by CYVN Investments of
                 all of the registrable securities, which include all Class A ordinary shares purchased pursuant to
                 the share subscription agreement, and the stock purchase agreement entered into by and among
                 CYVN Holdings L.L.C. and Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited dated June 20, 2023, and any
                 shares purchased by CYVN Investments following the closing of the share subscription agreement,
                 then held by CYVN Investments that are not covered by an effective registration statement. If our
                 board of directors determines in good faith that it would be materially detrimental to our company
                 or our members to effect such a registration, we have the right to defer such registration, not
                 more than once in any 12-month period, for a period of up to 60 days. Additionally, pursuant
                 to the registration rights agreement, in the event that we propose to register any of our equity
                 securities under the Securities Act for our own account or for the account of any holder of our
                 equity securities, CYVN Investments is entitled to certain piggyback registration rights. These
                 registration rights terminate on the date that CYVN Investments owns less than 3% of our Class A
                 ordinary shares outstanding.


                 Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements

                 See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – B. Compensation – Employment
                 Agreements and Indemnification Agreements.”


                 Share Option Grants

                 See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – B. Compensation – Stock Incentive
                 Plans.”


                 Other Transactions with Related Parties

                 In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we provided sales of goods to our affiliates, including Wuhan Weineng
                 Battery Assets Co., Ltd., Beijing Yiche Interactive Advertising Co., Ltd., Shanghai Weishang
                 Business Consulting Co., Ltd., Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd., and Hefei
                 Chuangwei Information Consultation Co., Ltd., and we received total sales of goods of RMB4,139.2
                 million, RMB3,105.9 million, and RMB1,457.9 million (US$205.3 million), respectively.




230   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we received advertising and IT support services from Beijing Yiche
Interactive Advertising Co., Ltd., Tianjin Boyou Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Beijing Bit Ep
Information Technology Co., Ltd., and we incurred expenses of marketing and advertising services
of RMB5.2 million, RMB9.0 million, and RMB7.8 million (US$1.1 million), respectively. Beijing Yiche
Interactive Advertising Co., Ltd., Tianjin Boyou Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Beijing Bit Ep
Information Technology Co., Ltd. are controlled by our principal shareholders.


In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we provided property management, administrative support, design and
research and development services to our affiliates and companies controlled by our principal
shareholders, including Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd., Nanjing Weibang Transmission
Technology Co., Ltd. and Beijing Weixu Business Consulting Co., Ltd., and we received total
service income of RMB57.9 million, RMB122.7 million, and RMB167.2 million (US$23.5 million),
respectively.


In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we paid a total of RMB89.3 million, nil and nil, respectively, for the cost of
manufacturing consignment to Suzhou Zenlead XPT New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd., or Suzhou
Zenlead. Suzhou Zenlead was an affiliate of ours in 2021. In February 2022, Suzhou Zenlead paid
a consideration of RMB46.6 million to us in exchange for the exemption from battery warranty
liabilities, and we disposed of our equity interests in Suzhou Zenlead. As a result, Suzhou Zenlead
is no longer a related party of our company as of the date of this annual report.


In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we received research and development and maintenance services from
Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd., Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd., Wuhan Weineng
Battery Assets Co., Ltd, Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Weilai Xinneng Investment Management
Co., Ltd., Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., Beijing Welion New
Energy Technology Co., Ltd and paid a total service fees of RMB8.2 million, RMB136.4 million, and
RMB242.2 million (US$34.1 million), respectively.


In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we paid a total of RMB1,157.7 million, RMB1,066.8 million, and
RMB1,247.5 million (US$175.7 million), for purchase of property and equipment and raw material,
to Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd., Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co.,
Ltd. and Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.


In 2021, 2022 and 2023, we received a total of nil, RMB1.0 million, and RMB5.6 million (US$0.8
million) for sale of raw material, property and equipment from Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co.,
Ltd.


In November 2021, we acquired from Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area Weilan Investment Co.,
Ltd., certain equity interests in companies associated with NIO Capital for RMB50.0 million.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      231
      PART I


                    In February 2024, we entered into a technology license agreement with Forseven Limited, a
                    subsidiary of CYVN Holdings L.L.C. Pursuant to the agreement, we will grant a non-exclusive and
                    non-transferrable worldwide license to Forseven to use certain of our existing and future technical
                    information, technical solutions, software and intellectual property rights related to or subsisting
                    in our smart electric vehicle platforms. We will receive technology license fees comprising a
                    non-refundable, fixed upfront license fee plus royalties determined based on the future sales of
                    licensed products by Forseven.


                 C. Interests of Experts and Counsel

                    Not applicable.


      ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                 A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information

                    We have appended consolidated financial statements filed as part of this annual report.


                    Legal Proceedings

                    From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business.
                    Between March and July 2019, several securities class action lawsuits were filed against us,
                    certain of our directors and officers, our underwriters in the IPO and our process agent. Some
                    of these actions have been withdrawn, transferred, consolidated or dismissed. One action
                    commenced during the aforementioned time period remains pending, under the caption In re NIO,
                    Inc. Securities Litigation , 1:19-cv-01424, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New
                    York (E.D.N.Y.). The plaintiffs in this case allege, in sum and substance, that our statements in the
                    registration statement and/or other public statements were false or misleading and in violation
                    of the U.S. federal securities laws. The Court denied our motion to dismiss in August 2021, and
                    granted plaintiffs’ motion for class certification in August 2023. Discovery is ongoing.


                    Separately, between August and September 2022, two complaints were filed against us, our
                    CEO and our CFO in the federal district court for the Southern District of New York (S.D.N.Y.),
                    in the actions captioned Saye v. NIO Inc. et al. , Case No. 1:22-cv-07252 (S.D.N.Y.) and Bohonok
                    v. NIO Inc. et al. , Case No. 1:22-cv-07666 (S.D.N.Y.). Relying on a short seller report (see “Item
                    3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares
                    – Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market price of our ADSs”), these
                    complaints allege that certain of our public disclosures between August 2020 and July 2022
                    contained false statements or omissions in violation of the Exchange Act. On December 14, 2022,
                    the court consolidated the two actions and appointed a lead plaintiff. Briefing on our motion to
                    dismiss was completed on July 31, 2023. The Court’s decision on the motion to dismiss is pending.




232   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


   For those of the abovementioned class actions that remain pending, we are currently unable
   to estimate the potential loss, if any, associated with the resolution of such lawsuits. We are
   defending the actions vigorously. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related
   to our Business and Industry – We and certain of our directors and officers have been named as
   defendants in shareholder class action lawsuits, which could have a material adverse impact on
   our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation” for further details.


  Dividend Policy

   The payment of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to our thirteenth
   amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In addition, our shareholders
   may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may exceed the amount
   recommended by our board of directors. In either case, all dividends are subject to certain
   restrictions under Cayman Islands law, namely that our company may only pay dividends out
   of profits or the share premium account, and provided that in no circumstances may a dividend
   be paid if this would result in our company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the
   ordinary course of business. Even if we decide to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount
   will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general
   financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may
   deem relevant.


   We do not have any present plan to pay any cash dividends on our ordinary shares in the
   foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any
   future earnings to operate and expand our business.


   We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. We may rely on dividends paid by
   our subsidiaries in China for our cash requirements, including any payment of dividends to our
   shareholders. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends
   to us. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China
   – We may rely on distributions by our PRC subsidiaries for our financing requirements, and any
   limitation on our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse
   effect on our business.”


   If we pay any dividends on our ordinary shares, we will pay those dividends which are payable in
   respect of the ordinary shares underlying our ADSs to the depositary, as the registered holder
   of such ordinary shares, and the depositary then will pay such amounts to our ADS holders in
   proportion to the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs held by such ADS holders, subject to the
   terms of the deposit agreements, including the fees and expenses payable thereunder. Cash
   dividends on our ordinary shares, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars.


B. Significant Changes

   Except as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we have not experienced any significant
   changes since the date of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual
   report.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023   233
      PART I


      ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING
                 A. Offering and Listing Details

                    Our ADSs, each representing one Class A ordinary share, have been listed on the NYSE since
                    September 12, 2018 under the symbol “NIO.”


                    Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, by way of
                    introduction, since March 10, 2022 under the stock code “9866.”


                    Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Singapore Exchange, by way of introduction,
                    since May 20, 2022 under the stock code “NIO.”


                    Currently, our ordinary shares consist of Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares.
                    Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class C
                    ordinary shares are entitled to eight votes per share. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk
                    Factors – Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares – Our dual-class voting structure
                    will limit the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs to influence corporate matters,
                    provide certain shareholders of ours with substantial influence and could discourage others from
                    pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs
                    may view as beneficial.”


                 B. Plan of Distribution

                    Not applicable.


                 C. Markets

                    Our ADSs, each representing one Class A ordinary share, have been listed on the NYSE since
                    September 12, 2018 under the symbol “NIO.”


                    Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, by way of
                    introduction, since March 10, 2022 under the stock code “9866.”


                    Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Singapore Exchange, by way of introduction,
                    since May 20, 2022 under the stock code “NIO.”


                 D. Selling Shareholders

                    Not applicable.


                 E. Dilution

                    Not applicable.


                 F. Expenses of the Issue

                    Not applicable.




234   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                   PART I


ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
       A. Share Capital

          Not applicable.


       B. Memorandum and Articles of Association

          We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our affairs
          are governed by our current thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
          association, the Companies Act, and the common law of the Cayman Islands.


          The following are summaries of material provisions of our thirteenth amended and restated
          memorandum and articles of association which took effect in August 2022, insofar as they relate
          to the material terms of our ordinary shares.


          Objects of Our Company

          Under our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the objects
          of our company are unrestricted and we have the full power and authority to carry out any object
          not prohibited by the law of the Cayman Islands.


          Ordinary Shares

          Our authorized share capital is US$1,000,000 divided into 4,000,000,000 shares comprising of (i)
          2,632,030,222 Class A ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.00025 each, (ii) 148,500,000 Class
          C ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.00025 each and (iii) 1,219,469,778 shares of a par value
          of US$0.00025 each of such class or classes (however designated) as our board of directors may
          determine in accordance with our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
          association. All of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares are fully paid and non-assessable.
          Our ordinary shares are issued in registered form, and are issued when registered in our register
          of members. Our shareholders who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and
          vote their ordinary shares. Under our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles
          of association, our company may not issue bearer shares.


          Class of ordinary shares

          Holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares shall at all times vote together
          as one class on all resolutions submitted to a vote by the holders of ordinary shares. Each Class
          A ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at
          general meetings of our company, and each Class C ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof
          to eight (8) votes on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of our company. During the
          Relevant Period, our company shall have only one class of shares that each of such share entitles
          the holder thereof to more than one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of
          our company, which is Class C ordinary shares.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023     235
      PART I


                 Conversion

                 Each Class C ordinary share is convertible into one (1) Class A ordinary share at any time at the
                 option of the holder thereof. In no event shall Class A ordinary shares be convertible into Class C
                 ordinary shares.


                 Upon any sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of any Class C ordinary share by a shareholder
                 to any person who is not an existing shareholder of Class C ordinary shares and any affiliate of
                 such shareholder or NIO Users Trust, or upon a change of ultimate beneficial ownership of any
                 Class C ordinary share to any person who is not an existing shareholder of Class C ordinary shares
                 and any affiliate of such shareholder or NIO Users Trust, each such Class C ordinary share shall be
                 automatically and immediately converted into one (1) Class A ordinary share.


                 Dividends

                 The holders of our ordinary shares are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board
                 of directors, subject to our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum articles of association.
                 In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may
                 exceed the amount recommended by our directors. In either case, under the laws of the Cayman
                 Islands, our company may pay a dividend out of either profits or share premium account, provided
                 that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in our company being unable
                 to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.


                 Voting Rights

                 Voting at any shareholders’ meeting is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded. Each Class
                 A ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at
                 general meetings of our company, and each Class C ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof
                 to eight (8) votes on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of our company. A poll may be
                 demanded by the chairman of such meeting or any one or more shareholders present in person
                 or by proxy at the meeting. However, during the Relevant Period, each Class A ordinary share and
                 each Class C ordinary share shall entitle its holder to one vote on a poll at a general meeting in
                 respect of a resolution on any of the following matters: (i) any amendment of our memorandum or
                 articles of association, including the variation of the rights attached to any class of shares; (ii) the
                 appointment, election or removal of any independent non-executive director; (iii) the appointment
                 or removal of the auditors; or (iv) the voluntary liquidation or winding-up of our company.




236   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


An ordinary resolution to be passed at a meeting by the shareholders requires the affirmative
vote of a simple majority of the votes attaching to the ordinary shares cast at a meeting, while
a special resolution requires the affirmative vote of no less than three-fourths of the votes cast
attaching to the outstanding ordinary shares at a meeting. A special resolution will be required
for important matters such as a change of name or making changes to our thirteenth amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. Holders of our ordinary shares may effect
certain changes by ordinary resolution, including increasing the amount of our authorized share
capital, consolidating all or any of our share capital into shares of larger amount than our existing
shares, sub-dividing our shares or any of them into shares of an amount smaller than that fixed
by our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and cancelling
any unissued shares. Both ordinary resolution and special resolution may also be passed by
a unanimous written resolution signed by all the shareholders of our company, as permitted
by the Companies Act and our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association.


Appointment and Removal of Directors

Our board of directors may, by the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the directors present
and voting at a board meeting, (i) appoint any person as a director, to fill a casual vacancy on the
board or, (ii) subject to the maximum size of the board of directors being nine (9) directors, appoint
any person as an addition to the existing board. Directors may be removed by ordinary resolution
of our shareholders. Subject to the code, rules and regulations applicable to us as a result of
our listing in the United States applicable to the composition of the board and qualifications and
appointment of directors, (i) NIO Users Trust shall be entitled to nominate one (1) director to the
board; and (ii) in the event that Mr. Bin Li is not an incumbent director and the board is composed
of no less than six (6) directors, NIO Users Trust shall be entitled to nominate one (1) extra director
to the Board. Such director nomination right of NIO Users Trust were ceased to be effective at
the First AGM, and shall only be restored when our company is no longer listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange. In addition, for so long as CYVN Investments and its affiliates beneficially own
no less than 15% of our total issued and outstanding share capital, CYVN Investments is entitled
to nominate two directors; if the beneficial ownership of CYVN Investments and its affiliates
decreases to less than 15% but remains above 5%, CYVN Investments retains the right to
nominate one director. The foregoing director nomination rights of CYVN Investments are subject
to compliance with the Company’s articles and requirements of relevant stock exchanges.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      237
      PART I


                 General Meetings of Shareholders

                 As a Cayman Islands exempted company, we are not obliged by the Companies Act to call
                 shareholders’ annual general meetings. However, our thirteenth amended and restated
                 memorandum and articles of association provide that we shall in each financial year hold a
                 general meeting as our annual general meeting in addition to any other meeting in that year and
                 shall specify the meeting as such in the notice calling it, and the annual general meeting shall be
                 held at such time and place as may be determined by our directors.


                 Shareholders’ general meetings may be convened by the chairman of board of directors or a
                 majority of our board of directors. Advance notice of at least twenty-one calendar days is required
                 for the convening of our annual general shareholders’ meeting and advance notice of at least
                 fourteen calendar days is required for any other general meeting of our shareholders. A quorum
                 required for any general meeting of shareholders consists of at least one shareholder present or
                 by proxy, representing not less than one-third of all votes attaching to all of our shares in issue
                 and entitled to vote.


                 The Companies Act provides shareholders with only limited rights to requisition a general meeting,
                 and does not provide shareholders with any right to put any proposal before a general meeting.
                 However, these rights may be provided in a company’s articles of association. Our thirteenth
                 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that upon the requisition
                 of shareholders representing in aggregate not less than one-tenth of all votes (on a one vote
                 per share basis) attaching to the outstanding shares of our company entitled to vote at general
                 meetings, our board will convene an extraordinary general meeting and put the resolutions
                 so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting, and such shareholders may add resolutions to the
                 meeting agenda.


                 Transfer of Ordinary Shares

                 Subject to the restrictions in our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
                 association set out below, any of our shareholders may transfer all or any of his or her ordinary
                 shares by an instrument of transfer in writing and in the usual or common form or any other form
                 approved by our board of directors.


                 Our board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, decline to register any transfer of any
                 ordinary share which is not fully paid up or on which we have a lien. Our board of directors may
                 also decline to register any transfer of any ordinary share unless:


                 •   the instrument of transfer is lodged with us, accompanied by the certificate for the ordinary
                     shares to which it relates and such other evidence as our board of directors may reasonably
                     require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer;


                 •   the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of ordinary shares;




238   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


•   the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required;


•   in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the ordinary
    share is to be transferred does not exceed four; and


•   a fee of such maximum sum as the New York Stock Exchange or the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
    may determine to be payable or such lesser sum as our directors may from time to time require
    is paid to us in respect thereof.


If our directors refuse to register a transfer they shall, within three months after the date on which
the instrument of transfer was lodged, send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of
such refusal.


The registration of transfers may, after compliance with any notice required of the New York
Stock Exchange or the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, be suspended and the register closed at such
times and for such periods as our board of directors may from time to time determine; provided,
however, that the registration of transfers shall not be suspended nor the register closed for more
than 30 days in any year as our board of directors may determine.


Liquidation

On the winding-up of our company, if the assets available for distribution among our shareholders
shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the share capital at the commencement of the
winding-up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst our shareholders in proportion to the par
value of the shares held by them at the commencement of the winding-up, subject to a deduction
from those shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to our company
for unpaid calls or otherwise. If our assets available for distribution are insufficient to repay all of
the paid-up capital, the assets will be distributed so that the losses are borne by our shareholders
in proportion to the par value of the shares held by them.


Calls on Shares and Forfeiture of Shares

Our board of directors may from time to time make calls upon shareholders for any amounts
unpaid on their shares in a notice served to such shareholders at least 14 days prior to the
specified time and place of payment. The shares that have been called upon and remain unpaid
are subject to forfeiture.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      239
      PART I


                 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

                 We may issue shares on terms that such shares are subject to redemption, at our option or at the
                 option of the holders of these shares, on such terms and in such manner as may be determined
                 by our board of directors or by special resolution of our shareholders. Our company may also
                 repurchase any of our shares on such terms and in such manner as have been approved by our
                 board of directors or by an ordinary resolution of our shareholders. Under the Companies Act,
                 the redemption or repurchase of any share may be paid out of our company’s profits or out of the
                 proceeds of a new issue of shares made for the purpose of such redemption or repurchase, or
                 out of capital (including share premium account and capital redemption reserve) if our company
                 can, immediately following such payment, pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of
                 business. In addition, under the Companies Act no such share may be redeemed or repurchased
                 (a) unless it is fully paid up, (b) if such redemption or repurchase would result in there being no
                 shares outstanding or (c) if the company has commenced liquidation. In addition, our company
                 may accept the surrender of any fully paid share for no consideration.


                 Variations of Rights of Shares

                 If at any time, our share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to
                 any class of shares (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class),
                 may only be varied with the consent in writing of holders of three-fourths of the issued shares of
                 that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders
                 of the shares of that class by holders of three-fourths of the issued shares of that class present in
                 person or by proxy and voting at such meeting. The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares
                 of any class issued shall not, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to
                 the shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by, inter alia, the creation, allotment or issue of
                 further shares ranking pari passu with such existing class of shares.


                 Issuance of Additional Shares

                 Our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum of association authorizes our board of
                 directors to issue additional ordinary shares from time to time as our board of directors shall
                 determine, to the extent of available authorized but unissued shares.


                 Our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum of association also authorizes our board of
                 directors, at any time after the Relevant Period, to establish from time to time one or more series
                 of preference shares and to determine, with respect to any series of preference shares, the terms
                 and rights of that series, including:


                 •   the designation of the series;


                 •   the number of shares of the series;


                 •   the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights and voting rights; and


                 •   the rights and terms of redemption and liquidation preferences.




240   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


At any time after the Relevant Period, our board of directors may issue preference shares without
action by our shareholders to the extent authorized but unissued. Issuance of these shares may
dilute the voting power of holders of ordinary shares.


Inspection of Books and Records

Holders of our ordinary shares will have no general right under Cayman Islands law to inspect
or obtain copies of our list of shareholders or our corporate records (except for our thirteenth
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and our register of mortgages
and charges) except as conferred by law or authorized by the directors or by ordinary resolution.


However, as a company that is subject to the periodic reporting and other informational
requirements of the Exchange Act, we file annual reports with the SEC that include annual audited
financial statements. See “Item 10. Additional Information – H. Documents on Display.”


Changes in Capital

Our shareholders may from time to time by ordinary resolution:


•   increase our share capital by such sum, to be divided into shares of such classes and amount,
    as the resolution shall prescribe;


•   consolidate and divide all or any of our share capital into shares of a larger amount than our
    existing shares;


•   sub-divide our existing shares, or any of them into shares of a smaller amount; provided that
    in the subdivision the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on
    each reduced share shall be the same as it was in case of the share from which the reduced
    share is derived; or


•   cancel any shares that, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or
    agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of our share capital by the amount
    of the shares so cancelled.


Our shareholders may, by special resolution and subject to confirmation by the Grand Court of the
Cayman Islands on an application by our company for an order confirming such reduction, reduce
our share capital and any capital redemption reserve in any manner authorized by law.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023    241
      PART I


                 Anti-Takeover Provisions

                 Some provisions of our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                 may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or management that
                 shareholders may consider favorable, including provisions that:


                 •   at any time after the Relevant Period, authorize our board of directors to issue preference
                     shares in one or more series and to designate the price, rights, preferences, privileges and
                     restrictions of such preference shares without any further vote or action by our shareholders;
                     and


                 •   at any time after the Relevant Period, limit the ability of shareholders to requisition and
                     convene general meetings of shareholders.


                 However, under Cayman Islands law, our directors may only exercise the rights and powers
                 granted to them under our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
                 association for a proper purpose and for what they believe in good faith to be in the best interests
                 of our company.


                 Exempted Company

                 We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies
                 Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies, ordinary non-resident companies
                 and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts
                 business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted
                 company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
                 resident/non-resident company except that an exempted company:


                 •   does not have to file an annual return detailing its shareholders with the Registrar of
                     Companies of the Cayman Islands;


                 •   is not required to open its register of members for inspection;


                 •   does not have to hold an annual general meeting;


                 •   may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
                     are usually given for 30 years in the first instance);


                 •   may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman
                     Islands;


                 •   may register as a limited duration company; and


                 •   may register as a segregated portfolio company.




242   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


“Limited liability” means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid
by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as
involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or
other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).


Differences in Corporate Law

The Companies Act (As Revised) is derived, to a large extent, from the older Companies Acts of
England but does not follow recent United Kingdom statutory enactments, and accordingly there
are significant differences between the Companies Act (As Revised) and the current Companies
Act of England.


In addition, the Companies Act (As Revised) differs from laws applicable to United States
corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of certain significant
differences between the provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) applicable to us and
the laws applicable to United States corporations and companies incorporated in the State of
Delaware.


Mergers and Similar Arrangements

The Companies Act (As Revised) permits mergers and consolidations between Cayman Islands
companies and between Cayman Islands companies and non-Cayman Islands companies. For
these purposes, (1) “merger” means the merging of two or more constituent companies and the
vesting of their undertaking, property and liabilities in one of such companies as the surviving
company and (2) a “consolidation” means the combination of two or more constituent companies
into a consolidated company and the vesting of the undertaking, property and liabilities of such
companies in the consolidated company.


In order to effect such a merger or consolidation, the directors of each constituent company must
approve a written plan of merger or consolidation, which must then be authorized by (1) a special
resolution of the shareholders of each constituent company, and (2) such other authorization,
if any, as may be specified in such constituent company’s articles of association. The written
plan of merger or consolidation must be filed with the Registrar of Companies together with a
declaration as to the solvency of the consolidated or surviving company, a list of the assets and
liabilities of each constituent company and an undertaking that a copy of the certificate of merger
or consolidation will be given to the members and creditors of each constituent company and
that notification of the merger or consolidation will be published in the Cayman Islands Gazette.
Dissenting shareholders have the right to be paid the fair value of their shares (which, if not
agreed between the parties, will be determined by the Cayman Islands court) if they follow the
required procedures, subject to certain exceptions. Court approval is not required for a merger or
consolidation which is effected in compliance with these statutory procedures.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023    243
      PART I


                 A merger between a Cayman parent company and its Cayman subsidiary or subsidiaries does
                 not require authorization by a resolution of shareholders of that Cayman subsidiary if a copy
                 of the plan of merger is given to every member of that Cayman subsidiary to be merged unless
                 that member agrees otherwise. For this purpose, a company is a “parent” of a subsidiary if it
                 holds issued shares that together represent at least 90% of the votes at a general meeting of the
                 subsidiary.


                 The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest over a constituent company is
                 required unless this requirement is waived by a court in the Cayman Islands.


                 Save in certain limited circumstances, a shareholder of a Cayman constituent company who
                 dissents from the merger or consolidation is entitled to payment of the fair value of his shares
                 (which, if not agreed between the parties, will be determined by the Cayman Islands court) upon
                 dissenting to the merger or consolidation, provide the dissenting shareholder complies strictly
                 with the procedures set out in the Companies Act. The exercise of dissenter rights will preclude
                 the exercise by the dissenting shareholder of any other rights to which he or she might otherwise
                 be entitled by virtue of holding shares, save for the right to seek relief on the grounds that the
                 merger or consolidation is void or unlawful.


                 Separate from the statutory provisions relating to mergers and consolidations, the Companies
                 Act (As Revised) also contains statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction and
                 amalgamation of companies by way of schemes of arrangement, provided that the arrangement
                 is approved by (a) 75% in value of the shareholders or class of shareholders, as the case may be,
                 or (b) a majority in number representing 75% in value of the creditors or each class of creditors,
                 as the case may be, with whom the arrangement is to be made, that are, in each case, present
                 and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meetings, convened for that purpose.
                 The convening of the meetings and subsequently the arrangement must be sanctioned by the
                 Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder has the right to express to the
                 court the view that the transaction ought not to be approved, the Grand Court can be expected to
                 approve the arrangement if it determines that:


                 •   the statutory provisions as to the required majority vote have been met;


                 •   the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question and the statutory
                     majority are acting bona fide without coercion of the minority to promote interests adverse to
                     those of the class;


                 •   the arrangement is such that may be reasonably approved by an intelligent and honest man of
                     that class acting in respect of his interest; and


                 •   the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other
                     provision of the Companies Act.




244   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


The Companies Act (As Revised) also contains a statutory power of compulsory acquisition which
may facilitate the “squeeze out” of dissentient minority shareholder upon a tender offer. When a
tender offer is made and accepted by holders of 90% of the shares affected within four months,
the offeror may, within a two-month period commencing on the expiration of such four-month
period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares to the offeror on the
terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is
unlikely to succeed in the case of an offer which has been so approved unless there is evidence of
fraud, bad faith or collusion.


If an arrangement and reconstruction by way of scheme of arrangement is thus approved,
the dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would
otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of Delaware corporations, providing
rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares.


Shareholders’ Suits

In principle, we will normally be the proper plaintiff to sue for a wrong done to us as a company,
and as a general rule a derivative action may not be brought by a minority shareholder. However,
based on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority in the
Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands court can be expected to follow and apply the common
law principles (namely the rule in Foss v. Harbottle and the exceptions thereto) so that a non-
controlling shareholder may be permitted to commence a class action against or derivative actions
in the name of our company to challenge actions where:


•   a company acts or proposes to act illegally or ultra vires;


•   the act complained of, although not ultra vires, could only be effected duly if authorized by
    more than a simple majority vote that has not been obtained; and


•   an act which constitutes a fraud against the minority where the wrongdoer are themselves in
    control of the company.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023   245
      PART I


                 Indemnification of Directors and Executive Officers and Limitation of Liability

                 The Companies Act does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of
                 association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any
                 such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such
                 as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime.
                 Our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that
                 we shall indemnify our officers and directors against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges,
                 expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by such directors or officer, other
                 than by reason of such person’s dishonesty, willful default or fraud, in or about the conduct of our
                 company’s business or affairs (including as a result of any mistake of judgment) or in the execution
                 or discharge of his duties, powers, authorities or discretions, including without prejudice to the
                 generality of the foregoing, any costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by such director
                 or officer in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil proceedings concerning our
                 company or its affairs in any court whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere. This standard of
                 conduct is generally the same as permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law for a
                 Delaware corporation.


                 In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive
                 officers that provide such persons with additional indemnification beyond that provided in our
                 thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.


                 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our
                 directors, officers or persons controlling us under the foregoing provisions, we have been informed
                 that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
                 Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.


                 Directors’ Fiduciary Duties

                 Under Delaware corporate law, a director of a Delaware corporation has a fiduciary duty to the
                 corporation and its shareholders. This duty has two components: the duty of care and the duty of
                 loyalty. The duty of care requires that a director act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily
                 prudent person would exercise under similar circumstances. Under this duty, a director must
                 inform himself of, and disclose to shareholders, all material information reasonably available
                 regarding a significant transaction.


                 The duty of loyalty requires that a director acts in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in
                 the best interests of the corporation. He or she must not use his corporate position for personal
                 gain or advantage. This duty prohibits self-dealing by a director and mandates that the best
                 interest of the corporation and its shareholders take precedence over any interest possessed by a
                 director, officer or controlling shareholder and not shared by the shareholders generally.




246   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


In general, actions of a director are presumed to have been made on an informed basis, in good
faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was in the best interests of the corporation.
However, this presumption may be rebutted by evidence of a breach of one of the fiduciary duties.
Should such evidence be presented concerning a transaction by a director, the director must
prove the procedural fairness of the transaction and that the transaction was of fair value to the
corporation.


As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a director of a Cayman Islands company is in the position of
a fiduciary with respect to the company and therefore it is considered that he or she owes the
following duties to the company:


•   a duty to act in good faith in the best interests of the company,


•   a duty not to make a personal profit based on his or her position as director (unless the
    company permits him or her to do so),


•   a duty not to put himself or herself in a position where the interests of the company conflict
    with his or her personal interest or his or her duty to a third party, and


•   a duty to exercise powers for the purpose for which such powers were intended.


A director of a Cayman Islands company owes to the company a duty of care, diligence and skill. It
was previously considered that a director need not exhibit in the performance of his or her duties
a greater degree of skill than may reasonably be expected from a person of his or her knowledge
and experience. However, English and Commonwealth courts have moved towards an objective
standard with regard to the required skill and care and these authorities are likely to be followed
in the Cayman Islands.


Shareholder Action by Written Consent

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation may eliminate the right of
shareholders to act by written consent by amendment to its certificate of incorporation. Cayman
Islands law and our currently effective memorandum and articles of association provide that our
shareholders may approve corporate matters by way of a unanimous written resolution signed by
or on behalf of all shareholders who would have been entitled to vote on such matter at a general
meeting without a meeting being held.


Shareholder Proposals

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a shareholder has the right to put any proposal
before the annual meeting of shareholders, provided it complies with the notice provisions in
the governing documents. A special meeting may be called by the board of directors or any other
person authorized to do so in the governing documents, but shareholders may be precluded from
calling special meetings.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023   247
      PART I


                 The Companies Act (As Revised) does not provide shareholders with an express right to put forth
                 any proposal before a general meeting of the shareholders. However, the Companies Act (As
                 Revised) may provide shareholders with limited rights to requisition a general meeting but such
                 rights must be stipulated in the articles of association of the company.


                 Any one or more shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the voting rights on a one vote
                 per share basis, in the share capital of the company at the date of deposit of the requisition shall
                 at all times have the right, by written requisition to the board of directors or the secretary of the
                 company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the board of directors for the
                 transaction of any business specified in such requisition.


                 Cumulative Voting

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, cumulative voting for election of directors is
                 not permitted unless the corporation’s certificate of incorporation specifically provides for it.
                 Cumulative voting potentially facilitates the representation of minority shareholders on a board of
                 directors since it permits the minority shareholder to cast all the votes to which the shareholder
                 is entitled on a single director, which increases the shareholder’s voting power with respect to
                 electing such director.


                 There are no prohibitions relating to cumulative voting under the laws of the Cayman Islands, but
                 our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide for
                 cumulative voting. As a result, our shareholders are not afforded any less protections or rights on
                 this issue than shareholders of a Delaware corporation.


                 Removal of Directors

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a director of a corporation with a classified board
                 may be removed only for cause with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled
                 to vote, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.


                 Under our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, directors
                 may be removed with or without cause, by an ordinary resolution of our shareholders. A director
                 will also cease to be a director if he or she (i) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or
                 composition with his or her creditors; (ii) dies or is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; (iii)
                 resigns his office by notice in writing; (iv) without special leave of absence from our board, is
                 absent from meetings of our board for three consecutive meetings and our board resolves that his
                 office be vacated; or (v) is removed from office pursuant to any other provision of our thirteenth
                 amended and restated articles of association.




248   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Transactions with Interested Shareholders

The Delaware General Corporation Law contains a business combination statute applicable to
Delaware public corporations whereby, unless the corporation has specifically elected not to
be governed by such statute by amendment to its certificate of incorporation, it is prohibited
from engaging in certain business combinations with an “interested shareholder” for three
years following the date that such person becomes an interested shareholder. An interested
shareholder generally is a person or a group who or which owns or owned 15% or more of the
target’s outstanding voting shares within the past three years.


This statute has the effect of limiting the ability of a potential acquirer to make a two-tiered bid
for the target in which all shareholders would not be treated equally. The statute does not apply
if, prior to the date on which such shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, the board
of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the
person becoming an interested shareholder. This encourages any potential acquirer of a Delaware
corporation to negotiate the terms of any acquisition transaction with the target’s board of
directors.


Cayman Islands law has no comparable statute. As a result, we cannot avail ourselves of the types
of protections afforded by the Delaware business combination statute. However, although Cayman
Islands law does not regulate transactions between a company and its significant shareholders,
it does provide that such transactions must be entered into bona fide in the best interests of the
company and for a proper purpose and not with the effect of constituting a fraud on the minority
shareholders.


Restructuring

A company may present a petition to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands for the appointment
of a restructuring officer on the grounds that the company:


(a) is or is likely to become unable to pay its debts; and


(b) intends to present a compromise or arrangement to its creditors (or classes thereof) either
   pursuant to the Companies Act, the law of a foreign country or by way of a consensual
   restructuring.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      249
      PART I


                 The Grand Court may, among other things, make an order appointing a restructuring officer upon
                 hearing of such petition, with such powers and to carry out such functions as the court may order.
                 At any time (i) after the presentation of a petition for the appointment of a restructuring officer
                 but before an order for the appointment of a restructuring officer has been made, and (ii) when an
                 order for the appointment of a restructuring officer is made, until such order has been discharged,
                 no suit, action or other proceedings (other than criminal proceedings) shall be proceeded with or
                 commenced against the company, no resolution to wind up the company shall be passed, and no
                 winding up petition may be presented against the company, except with the leave of the court.
                 However, notwithstanding the presentation of a petition for the appointment of a restructuring
                 officer or the appointment of a restructuring officer, a creditor who has security over the whole or
                 part of the assets of the company is entitled to enforce the security without the leave of the court
                 and without reference to the restructuring officer appointed.


                 Dissolution; Winding Up

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, unless the board of directors approves the proposal
                 to dissolve, dissolution must be approved by shareholders holding 100% of the total voting power
                 of the corporation. Only if the dissolution is initiated by the board of directors may it be approved
                 by a simple majority of the corporation’s outstanding shares. Delaware law allows a Delaware
                 corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a supermajority voting requirement in
                 connection with dissolutions initiated by the board.


                 Under Cayman Islands law, a company may be wound up by either an order of the courts of the
                 Cayman Islands or by a special resolution of its members or, if the company is unable to pay its
                 debts as they fall due, by an ordinary resolution of its members. The court has authority to order
                 winding up in a number of specified circumstances including where it is, in the opinion of the
                 court, just and equitable to do so.


                 Variation of Rights of Shares

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation may vary the rights of a class
                 of shares with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class, unless the
                 certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Under Cayman Islands law and our thirteenth
                 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if our share capital is divided
                 into more than one class of shares, we may vary the rights attached to any class with the sanction
                 of a special resolution passed by a majority of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast at a
                 separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.


                 Amendment of Governing Documents

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation’s governing documents may be
                 amended with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the
                 certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.


                 Under Cayman Islands law, our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
                 association may only be amended with a special resolution of our shareholders.




250   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


   Rights of Non-resident or Foreign Shareholders

   There are no limitations imposed by our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and
   articles of association on the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or exercise
   voting rights on our shares.


   In addition, there are no provisions in our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and
   articles of association governing the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership
   must be disclosed.


   Inspection of Books and Records

   Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, any shareholder of a corporation may for any proper
   purpose inspect or make copies of the corporation’s stock ledger, list of shareholders and other
   books and records.


   Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like us have no general right under Cayman
   Islands law to inspect corporate records (other than the memorandum and articles of association,
   the register of mortgages and charges and any special resolutions passed by our shareholders)
   or obtain copies of the list of shareholders of these companies. However, we intend to provide our
   shareholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements.


C. Material Contracts

   We have not entered into any material contracts other than in the ordinary course of business and
   other than those described in “Item 4. Information on the Company,” “Item 7. Major Shareholders
   and Related Party Transactions – B. Related Party Transactions” or elsewhere in this annual
   report.


D. Exchange Controls

   See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on
   Foreign Exchange.”


E. Taxation

   The following discussion of Cayman Islands, PRC and United States federal income tax
   consequences of an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares is based upon laws and
   interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this annual report, all of which are subject to
   change or differing interpretation, possibly with retroactive effect. This summary does not deal
   with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares, such
   as the tax consequences under U.S. state and local tax laws or under the tax laws of jurisdictions
   other than the Cayman Islands, the People’s Republic of China and the United States.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     251
      PART I


                 Cayman Islands Taxation

                 The Cayman Islands currently has no form of income, corporate or capital gains tax and no estate
                 duty, inheritance tax or gift tax. There are no other taxes likely to be material to holders of our
                 ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties
                 which may be applicable on instruments executed in, or, after execution, brought within the
                 jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands are not party to any double tax treaties
                 that are applicable to any payments made to or by our company. There are no exchange control
                 regulations under Cayman Islands law.


                 Payments of dividends and capital in respect of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs will not be
                 subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of
                 a dividend or capital to any holder of our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs, nor will gains derived
                 from the disposal of our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs be subject to Cayman Islands income or
                 corporation tax.


                 People’s Republic of China Taxation

                 Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established
                 outside of the PRC with a “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a resident
                 enterprise and will be subject to the enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on its global income.
                 The implementation rules define the term “de facto management body” as the body that exercises
                 full and substantial control over and overall management of the business, productions, personnel,
                 accounts and properties of an enterprise. In April 2009, the State Taxation Administration
                 issued the Circular on Issues Relating to Identification of PRC-Controlled Overseas Registered
                 Enterprises as Resident Enterprises in Accordance With the De Facto Standards of Organizational
                 Management, or Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether
                 the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is
                 located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC
                 enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners,
                 the criteria set forth in the circular may reflect the State Taxation Administration’s general
                 position on how the “de facto management body” test should be applied in determining the tax
                 resident status of all offshore enterprises. According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated
                 enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be regarded as a PRC tax
                 resident by virtue of having its “de facto management body” in China only if all of the following
                 conditions are met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the
                 PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made
                 or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC; (iii) the enterprise’s primary
                 assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholder resolutions,
                 are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50% of voting board members or senior
                 executives habitually reside in the PRC. Further to Circular 82, the State Taxation Administration
                 issued the Bulletin on Promulgation of the Administrative Measures for Income Tax of Chinese-
                 Controlled Offshore-Incorporated Resident Enterprises (Trial Implementation), which took effect
                 in September 2011, to provide more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82. This bulletin
                 provides for procedures and administration details of determination on resident status and
                 administration on post-determination matters.



252   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


We believe that NIO Inc. is not a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. NIO Inc. is not
controlled by a PRC enterprise or PRC enterprise group and we do not believe that NIO Inc. meets
all of the conditions above. NIO Inc. is a company incorporated outside the PRC. As a holding
company, NIO Inc.’s key assets are its ownership interests in its subsidiaries, and its key assets
are located, and its records (including the resolutions of its board of directors and the resolutions
of its shareholders) are maintained, outside the PRC. For the same reasons, we believe our other
entities outside of China are not PRC resident enterprises either. However, the tax resident status
of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain
with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” There can be no
assurance that the PRC government will ultimately take a view that is consistent with us.


If the PRC tax authorities determine that NIO Inc. is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise
income tax purposes, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax from dividends we
pay to our shareholders that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of our ADSs. In
addition, non-resident enterprise shareholders (including our ADS holders) may be subject to a
10% PRC tax on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or Class A ordinary shares,
if such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC. It is unclear whether our non-PRC
individual shareholders (including our ADS holders) would be subject to any PRC tax on dividends
or gains obtained by such non-PRC individual shareholders in the event we are determined to be a
PRC resident enterprise. If any PRC tax were to apply to such dividends or gains, it would generally
apply at a rate of 20% unless a reduced rate is available under an applicable tax treaty. It is also
unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of NIO Inc. would be able to claim the benefits of any tax
treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that NIO Inc. is treated
as a PRC resident enterprise. Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation
rules, if a non-resident enterprise has not set up an organization or establishment in China, or
has set up an organization or establishment but the income derived has no actual connection
with such organization or establishment, it will be subject to a withholding tax on its PRC-sourced
income at a rate of 10%. Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on
Income, the tax rate in respect to dividends paid by a PRC enterprise to a Hong Kong enterprise is
reduced to 5% from a standard rate of 10% if the Hong Kong enterprise directly holds at least 25%
of the PRC enterprise. Pursuant to STA Circular 81, a Hong Kong resident enterprise must meet
the following conditions, among others, in order to enjoy the reduced tax rate: (i) it must directly
own the required percentage of equity interests and voting rights in the PRC resident enterprise;
and (ii) it must have directly owned such percentage in the PRC resident enterprise throughout
the 12 months prior to receiving the dividends. Furthermore, the Administrative Measures for
Non-Resident Enterprises to Enjoy Treatments under Treaties, which took effect in January 2020,
require that non-resident enterprises must obtain approval from the tax authority in order to enjoy
the reduced tax rate. There are also other conditions for enjoying the reduced tax rate according to
other tax rules and regulations. Accordingly, our subsidiaries may be able to enjoy the 5% tax rate
for the dividends it receives from its PRC incorporated subsidiaries if they satisfy the conditions
prescribed under STA Circular 81 and other tax rules and regulations and obtain the approvals as
required. However, according to STA Circular 81, if the tax authorities determine our transactions
or arrangements are for the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the tax
authorities may adjust the favorable tax rate on dividends in the future.



                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      253
      PART I


                 Provided that our Cayman Islands holding company, NIO Inc., is not deemed to be a PRC resident
                 enterprise, holders of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares who are not PRC residents will not
                 be subject to PRC income tax on dividends that we distributed or gains realized from the sale
                 or other disposition of our shares or ADSs. Circular 7 further clarifies that, if a non-resident
                 enterprise derives income by acquiring and selling shares in an offshore listed enterprise in the
                 public market, such income will not be subject to PRC tax. However, there is uncertainty as to the
                 application of Circular 7, we and our non-PRC resident investors may be at risk of being required
                 to file a return and being taxed under Circular 7 and we may be required to expend valuable
                 resources to comply with Circular 7 or to establish that we should not be taxed under Circular 7.
                 See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – We
                 face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises
                 by their non-PRC holding companies.”


                 United States Federal Income Taxation

                 The following discussion is a summary of U.S. federal income tax considerations generally
                 applicable to the ownership and disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares by a U.S.
                 Holder (as defined below) that acquires our ADSs and holds our ADSs as “capital assets” (generally,
                 property held for investment) under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
                 “Code”). This discussion is based upon existing U.S. federal tax law, which is subject to differing
                 interpretations or change, possibly with retroactive effect. There can be no assurance that the
                 Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or a court will not take a contrary position. This discussion,
                 moreover, does not address the U.S. federal estate, gift, Medicare, minimum tax, and other non-
                 income tax considerations or any state, local and non-U.S. tax considerations, relating to the
                 ownership or disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares. The following summary does not
                 address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to particular investors
                 in light of their individual circumstances or to persons in special tax situations such as:


                 •   banks and other financial institutions;


                 •   insurance companies;


                 •   pension plans;


                 •   cooperatives;


                 •   regulated investment companies;


                 •   real estate investment trusts;


                 •   broker-dealers;


                 •   traders that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting;




254   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


•   certain former U.S. citizens or long-term residents;


•   tax-exempt entities (including private foundations);


•   holders who acquire their ADSs or Class A ordinary shares pursuant to any employee share
    option or otherwise as compensation;


•   investors that will hold their ADSs or Class A ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge,
    conversion, constructive sale or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax
    purposes;


•   investors that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar;


•   persons that actually or constructively own 10% or more of our stock (by vote or value); or


•   partnerships or other entities taxable as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or
    persons holding ADSs or Class A ordinary shares through such entities.


All of the foregoing may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those discussed
below.


Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the application of U.S. federal
taxation to its particular circumstances, and the state, local, non-U.S. and other tax
considerations of the ownership and disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.


General

For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of our ADSs or Class A
ordinary shares that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes:


•   an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;


•   a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes)
    created in, or organized under the law of the United States or any state thereof or the District
    of Columbia;


•   an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax
    purposes regardless of its source; or


•   a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and
    which has one or more U.S. persons who have the authority to control all substantial decisions
    of the trust or (B) that has otherwise validly elected to be treated as a U.S. person under the
    Code.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      255
      PART I


                 If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes)
                 is a beneficial owner of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner in
                 the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the
                 partnership. Partnerships holding our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares and their partners are
                 urged to consult their tax advisors regarding an investment in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.


                 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder of ADSs will generally be treated as the
                 beneficial owner of the underlying shares represented by the ADSs. The remainder of this
                 discussion assumes that a U.S. Holder of our ADSs will be treated in this manner. Accordingly,
                 deposits or withdrawals of Class A ordinary shares for ADSs will generally not be subject to U.S.
                 federal income tax.


                 Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations

                 A non-U.S. corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income
                 tax purposes for any taxable year, if either (i) 75% or more of its gross income for such year
                 consists of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets (generally
                 determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that
                 produce or are held for the production of passive income. For this purpose, cash and assets
                 readily convertible into cash are categorized as passive assets and the company’s goodwill and
                 other unbooked intangibles are taken into account. Passive income generally includes, among
                 other things, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of passive assets.
                 We will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate
                 share of the income of any other corporation in which we own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more
                 (by value) of the stock.


                 Although the law in this regard is not entirely clear, we treat the VIEs as being owned by us for U.S.
                 federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions and are entitled
                 to substantially all of the economic benefits associated with these entities, and as a result, we
                 consolidate their results of operations in our consolidated U.S. GAAP financial statements. If it
                 were determined, however, that we do not own the VIEs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we
                 may be treated as a PFIC for the current taxable year and any subsequent taxable year.




256   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Assuming that we are the owner of the VIEs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and based upon
our current and expected income and assets, we do not believe that we were a PFIC for the taxable
year ended December 31, 2023. However, no assurance can be given that we will not be or become
a PFIC in the current or future taxable years because the determination of whether we will be or
become a PFIC is a factual determination made annually that will depend, in part, upon the nature
and composition of our income and assets (in particular, the retention of substantial amounts of
cash and investments). Fluctuations in the market price of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares
may cause us to be classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years because the
value of our assets for purposes of the asset test, including the value of our goodwill and other
unbooked intangibles, may be determined by reference to the market price of our ADSs or Class
A ordinary shares, which may be volatile. In particular, recent declines in the market price of the
ADSs and Class A ordinary shares increased our risk of becoming a PFIC. The market price of the
ADSs and Class A ordinary shares may continue to fluctuate considerably and, consequently,
we cannot assure you of our PFIC status for any taxable year. Furthermore, the composition of
our income and assets may also be affected by how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets.
Under circumstances where our passive income significantly increases relative to our non-passive
income, or where we determine not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our
risk of becoming classified as a PFIC may substantially increase.


If we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or Class A
ordinary shares, the PFIC rules discussed below under “－Passive Foreign Investment Company
Rules” generally will apply to such U.S. Holder for such taxable year, and unless the U.S. Holder
makes certain elections, will apply in future years even if we cease to be a PFIC.


The discussion below under “－Dividends” and “－Sale or Other Disposition” is written on the
basis that we will not be or become classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The
U.S. federal income tax rules that apply generally if we are treated as a PFIC are discussed below
under “－Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules.”




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023    257
      PART I


                 Dividends

                 Subject to the discussion below under “－Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” any cash
                 distributions (including the amount of any PRC tax withheld) paid on our ADSs or Class A ordinary
                 shares out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal
                 income tax principles, will generally be includible in the gross income of a U.S. Holder as dividend
                 income on the day actually or constructively received by the U.S. Holder, in the case of Class A
                 ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in the case of ADSs. Because we do not intend to determine
                 our earnings and profits on the basis of U.S. federal income tax principles, any distribution we pay
                 will generally be treated as a “dividend” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividends received
                 on our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction
                 allowed to corporations. A non-corporate U.S. Holder will be subject to tax at the lower capital gain
                 tax rate applicable to “qualified dividend income,” provided that certain conditions are satisfied,
                 including that (1) our ADSs are readily tradeable on an established securities market in the United
                 States, or, in the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC tax law,
                 we are eligible for the benefit of the United States-PRC income tax treaty (the “Treaty”), (2) we are
                 neither a PFIC nor treated as such with respect to such a U.S. Holder (as discussed below) for the
                 taxable year in which the dividend was paid and the preceding taxable year, and (3) certain holding
                 period requirements are met. We expect our ADSs (but not our Class A ordinary shares) will be
                 considered to be readily tradeable on the New York Stock Exchange, which is an established
                 securities market in the United States. There can be no assurance, however, that our ADSs will be
                 considered readily tradeable on an established securities market in later years.


                 In the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income
                 Tax Law (see “－People’s Republic of China Taxation” above), we may be eligible for the benefits
                 of the Treaty. If we are eligible for such benefits, dividends we pay on our Class A ordinary shares,
                 regardless of whether such shares are represented by the ADSs, would be eligible for the reduced
                 rates of taxation described in the preceding paragraph.


                 Dividends will generally be treated as income from foreign sources for U.S. foreign tax credit
                 purposes and will generally constitute passive category income. Depending on the U.S. Holder’s
                 individual facts and circumstances, a U.S. Holder may be eligible, subject to a number of complex
                 limitations, to claim a foreign tax credit in respect of any foreign withholding taxes imposed on
                 dividends received on our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares. A U.S. Holder who does not elect to
                 claim a foreign tax credit for foreign tax withheld may instead claim a deduction, for U.S. federal
                 income tax purposes, in respect of such withholding, but only for a year in which such holder
                 elects to do so for all creditable foreign income taxes. The rules governing the foreign tax credit
                 are complex and their outcome depends in large part on the U.S. Holder’s individual facts and
                 circumstances. Accordingly, U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the
                 availability of the foreign tax credit under their particular circumstances.




258   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Sale or Other Disposition

Subject to the discussion below under “－Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” a U.S.
Holder will generally recognize capital gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of ADSs
or Class A ordinary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized
upon the disposition and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in such ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.
Any capital gain or loss will be long-term if the ADSs or Class A ordinary shares have been held
for more than one year and will generally be U.S.-source gain or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit
purposes. Long-term capital gain of non-corporate U.S. Holders is generally eligible for a reduced
rate of taxation. In the event that gain from the disposition of the ADSs or Class A ordinary shares
is subject to tax in the PRC, such gain may be treated as PRC-source gain under the Treaty.
Pursuant to Treasury Regulations, however, if a U.S. Holder is not eligible for the benefits of the
Treaty or does not elect to apply the Treaty, then such holder may not be able to claim a foreign
tax credit arising from any PRC tax imposed on the disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary
shares. The deductibility of a capital loss may be subject to limitations. U.S. Holders are urged
to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences if a foreign tax is imposed on a
disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares, including the availability of the foreign tax
credit or deduction under their particular circumstances, their eligibility for benefits under the
Treaty and the potential impact of the Treasury Regulations.


Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules

If we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs
or Class A ordinary shares, and unless the U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election (as
described below), the U.S. Holder will generally be subject to special tax rules on (i) any excess
distribution that we make to the U.S. Holder (which generally means any distribution paid during a
taxable year to a U.S. Holder that is greater than 125 percent of the average annual distributions
paid in the three preceding taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the
ADSs or Class A ordinary shares), and (ii) any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs
or Class A ordinary shares. Under the PFIC rules:


•   the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for
    the ADSs or Class A ordinary shares;


•   the amount allocated to the current taxable year and any taxable years in the U.S. Holder’s
    holding period prior to the first taxable year in which we are classified as a PFIC (each, a “pre-
    PFIC year”), will be taxable as ordinary income;


•   the amount allocated to each prior taxable year, other than a pre-PFIC year, will be subject to
    tax at the highest tax rate in effect for individuals or corporations, as appropriate, for that year;
    and


•   an additional tax equal to the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will
    be imposed on the tax attributable to each prior taxable year, other than a pre-PFIC year.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023       259
      PART I


                 If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or Class A ordinary
                 shares and any of our subsidiaries, the VIEs or any of the subsidiaries of the VIEs are also a PFIC,
                 such U.S. Holder would be treated as owning a proportionate amount (by value) of the shares of
                 the lower-tier PFIC for purposes of the application of these rules. U.S. Holders are urged to consult
                 their tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to any of our subsidiaries, the VIEs or
                 any of the subsidiaries of the VIEs.


                 As an alternative to the foregoing rules, a U.S. Holder of “marketable stock” in a PFIC may make a
                 mark-to-market election with respect to such stock, provided that such stock is regularly traded
                 on a qualified exchange, as defined in applicable U.S. Treasury regulations. For those purposes,
                 our ADSs, but not our Class A ordinary shares, are traded on the New York Stock Exchange which
                 is a qualified exchange. We anticipate that our ADSs should qualify as being regularly traded,
                 but no assurances may be given in this regard. If a U.S. Holder makes this election, the holder
                 will generally (i) include as ordinary income for each taxable year that we are a PFIC the excess,
                 if any, of the fair market value of ADSs held at the end of the taxable year over the adjusted tax
                 basis of such ADSs and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss the excess, if any, of the adjusted tax basis
                 of the ADSs over the fair market value of such ADSs held at the end of the taxable year, but such
                 deduction will only be allowed to the extent of the amount previously included in income as a
                 result of the mark-to-market election. The U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the ADSs would
                 be adjusted to reflect any income or loss resulting from the mark-to-market election. If a U.S.
                 Holder makes a mark-to-market election in respect of a corporation classified as a PFIC and such
                 corporation ceases to be classified as a PFIC, the holder will not be required to take into account
                 the gain or loss described above during any period that such corporation is not classified as a
                 PFIC. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election, any gain such U.S. Holder recognizes upon
                 the sale or other disposition of our ADSs in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary
                 income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but such loss will only be treated as ordinary
                 loss to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-
                 market election.


                 Because a mark-to-market election technically cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs that we
                 may own, a U.S. Holder may continue to be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to such U.S.
                 Holder’s indirect interest in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a
                 PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.


                 We do not intend to provide information necessary for U.S. Holders to make qualified electing
                 fund elections which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from (and generally less
                 adverse than) the general tax treatment for PFICs described above.


                 If a U.S. Holder owns our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares during any taxable year that we are a
                 PFIC, the holder must generally file an annual IRS Form 8621. You should consult your tax advisors
                 regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning and disposing of our ADSs or Class
                 A ordinary shares if we are or become a PFIC.




260   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


F. Dividends and Paying Agents

   Not applicable.


G. Statement by Experts

   Not applicable.


H. Documents on Display

   We are subject to the periodic reporting and other informational requirements of the Exchange
   Act. Under the Exchange Act, we are required to file reports and other information with the SEC.
   Specifically, we are required to file annually a Form 20-F no later than four months after the close
   of each fiscal year. All information we file with the SEC can be obtained over the internet at the
   SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the
   Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of quarterly reports and proxy statements,
   and officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing
   profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act.


   We will furnish Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary of our ADSs, with our
   annual reports, which will include a review of operations and annual audited consolidated financial
   statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, and all notices of shareholders’ meetings and
   other reports and communications that are made generally available to our shareholders. The
   depositary will make such notices, reports and communications available to holders of ADSs and,
   upon our request, will mail to all record holders of ADSs the information contained in any notice of
   a shareholders’ meeting received by the depositary from us.


   In accordance with NYSE Rule 203.01, we will post this annual report on our website, http://ir.nio.
   com/. In addition, we will provide hardcopies of our annual report to shareholders, including ADS
   holders, free of charge upon request.


I. Subsidiary Information

   Not applicable.


J. Annual Report to Security Holders

   Not applicable.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      261
      PART I


      ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
                 Foreign Exchange Risk

                 We expect that, in the foreseeable future, the majority of our revenues will be denominated in RMB
                 while our expenses are denominated in RMB and other currencies. As a result, we are exposed to
                 risk related to movements between the RMB and such other currencies. In addition, the value of our
                 ADSs and Class A ordinary shares will be affected by the exchange rate between U.S. dollar and RMB
                 because the value of our business is effectively denominated in RMB, while our Class A ordinary
                 shares and the ADSs will be traded in Hong Kong dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively. Furthermore,
                 we have purchased certain financial products issued by banks, the returns of which could also be
                 affected by the exchange rate between RMB and other currencies.


                 The conversion of Renminbi into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by
                 the People’s Bank of China. The Renminbi has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly
                 and unpredictably. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may
                 impact the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future.


                 To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of
                 the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we receive
                 from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert Renminbi into U.S. dollars for the purpose
                 of making payments for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs or for other business
                 purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Renminbi would have a negative effect on the
                 U.S. dollar amounts available to us.


                 Interest Rate Risk

                 Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the interest rates associated with the
                 outstanding convertible notes we issued and bank loans that bear floating interest rates. The
                 interest rate risk may result from many factors, including, among others, government monetary
                 and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations that are beyond
                 our control. We may incur additional loans or other financing facilities in the future. The objective
                 of interest rate risk management is to minimize financial costs and uncertainties associated with
                 interest rate changes. We strive to effectively manage our interest rate risk by periodic monitoring
                 and responding to risk factors on a timely basis, improve the structure of long-term and short-term
                 borrowings and maintain the appropriate balance between loans with floating interest rates and fixed
                 interest rates.




262   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We are subject to interest rate sensitivity on our outstanding 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2029 Notes
and 2030 Notes. We account for our convertible notes on an amortized cost basis and our recognized
value of the convertible notes does not reflect changes in fair value. Also, because convertible notes
we have issued either bear interest at a fixed rate or bear no interest, we have not incurred financial
statement impact resulting from changes in interest rates. However, changes in market interest rates
impact the fair value of the convertible notes along with other variables such as our credit spreads
and the market price and volatility of our ADSs and ordinary shares. Increases in market interest
rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of our outstanding convertible notes and decreases
in market interest rates would result in an increase in the fair value of our outstanding convertible
notes. For information on the maturities and other contractual terms of our convertible notes, see
“Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – B. Liquidity and Capital Resources – Cash
Flows and Working Capital.”


With regard to interest rate sensitivity on our bank loans, we present the sensitivity analysis below
based on the exposure to interest rates for interest bearing bank loans with variable interest rates
as of December 31, 2023. The analysis is prepared assuming that those balances outstanding as
of December 31, 2023 were outstanding for the whole financial year. A 1.0% increase or decrease
which represents our management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates
is used. Assuming no change in the outstanding balance of our existing interest-bearing bank loans
balances with floating interest rates as of December 31, 2023, a 1.0% increase or decrease in each
applicable interest rate would add or deduct RMB2.0 million (US$0.3 million) to our interest expense
for the year ended December 31, 2023. We have not used any derivative financial instruments to
manage our interest risk exposure.


In addition, we may from time to time invest in interest-earning instruments. Investments in both
fixed rate and floating rate interest-earning instruments carry certain interest rate risk associated
with our investment return. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted
due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if
interest rates fall.


Inflation

According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the year-over-year percent changes in the
consumer price index for December 2021, 2022 and 2023 were an increase of 1.5%, an increase of
1.8% and a decrease of 0.3%, respectively. Although we have not been materially affected by inflation
in the PRC in the past, we may be affected in the future by higher rates of inflation in the PRC. In
addition, as we expand our global presence and offer products and services to markets outside China,
we may be affected by inflationary pressures in Europe or the U.S. or other parts of the world.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      263
      PART I


      ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES
                 A. Debt Securities

                    Not applicable.


                 B. Warrants and Rights

                    Not applicable.


                 C. Other Securities

                    Not applicable.


                 D. American Depositary Shares

                    Fees and Charges Our ADS holders May Have to Pay

                    Holders of our ADSs will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary bank and
                    certain taxes and governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and
                    other governmental charges payable on the deposited securities represented by any of ADSs held):


                    Service                                                       Fees

                    •   To any person to which ADSs are issued or to any          Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued
                        person to which a distribution is made in respect of
                        ADS distributions pursuant to stock dividends or other
                        free distributions of stock, bonus distributions, stock
                        splits or other distributions (except where converted
                        to cash)
                    •   Cancellation of ADSs, including the case of               Up to US$0.05 per ADS cancelled
                        termination of the deposit agreement
                    •   Distribution of cash dividends                            Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
                    •   Distribution of cash entitlements (other than cash        Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
                        dividends) and/or cash proceeds from the sale of
                        rights, securities and other entitlements
                    •   Distribution of ADSs pursuant to exercise of rights       Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
                    •   Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to   Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
                        purchase additional ADSs
                    •   Depositary services                                       Up to US$0.05 per ADS held on the
                                                                                  applicable record date(s) established
                                                                                  by the depositary bank




264   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Holders of our ADSs will also be responsible to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the
depositary bank and certain taxes and governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees,
expenses, taxes and other governmental charges payable on the deposited securities represented
by any of your ADSs) such as:


•   Fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer
    agent for the ordinary shares in Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary
    shares).


•   Expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars.


•   Expenses for cable, telex and fax transmissions and for delivery of securities.


•   Taxes and duties upon the transfer of securities, including any applicable stamp duties,
    any stock transfer charges or withholding taxes (i.e., when ordinary shares are deposited or
    withdrawn from deposit).


•   Fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery or servicing of ordinary shares on
    deposit.


•   Fees and expenses incurred in connection with complying with exchange control regulations
    and other regulatory requirements applicable to ordinary shares, deposited securities, ADSs
    and ADRs.


•   Any applicable fees and penalties thereon.


The depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to
the depositary bank by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs
from the depositary bank and by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the
depositary bank for cancellation. The brokers in turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary
fees payable in connection with distributions of cash or securities to ADS holders and the
depositary services fee are charged by the depositary bank to the holders of record of ADSs as of
the applicable ADS record date.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     265
      PART I


                 The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being
                 distributed or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. In the case of
                 distributions other than cash (i.e., share dividends, rights), the depositary bank charges the
                 applicable fee to the ADS record date holders concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs
                 registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated or uncertificated in direct registration),
                 the depositary bank sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. In the case of ADSs
                 held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC), the depositary bank generally collects its
                 fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered holder of the ADSs
                 held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers and
                 custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the
                 amount of the fees paid to the depositary banks.


                 In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of
                 the deposit agreements, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the
                 amount of the depositary fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.


                 The depositary may make payments to us or reimburse us for certain costs and expenses, by
                 making available a portion of the ADS fees collected in respect of the ADR program or otherwise,
                 upon such terms and conditions as we and the depositary bank agree from time to time.


                 Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us

                 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the depositary, has agreed to reimburse us for certain
                 expenses we incur that are related to establishment and maintenance of the ADR program upon
                 such terms and conditions as we and the depositary may agree from time to time. The depositary
                 may make available to us a set amount or a portion of the depositary fees charged in respect of
                 the ADR program or otherwise upon such terms and conditions as we and the depositary may
                 agree from time to time. In 2023, we received an after-tax reimbursement payment of US$29.1
                 million from the depositary.


                 Conversion Between Class A Ordinary Shares in Hong Kong and ADSs

                 A. Dealings and Settlement of Class A Ordinary Shares in Hong Kong

                    Our Class A ordinary shares are traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in board lots of
                    10 Class A ordinary shares. Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
                    Exchange will be conducted in Hong Kong dollars.


                    The transaction costs of dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
                    Exchange include:


                    •   Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.00565% of the consideration of the transaction,
                        charged to each of the buyer and seller;


                    •   Securities and Futures Commission transaction levy of 0.0027% of the consideration of the
                        transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;




266   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


•   AFRC Transaction Levy of 0.00015%, charged per side of the consideration of a transaction,
    collected for the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council (AFRC);


•   transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per transfer deed (if applicable), payable by the seller;


•   ad valorem stamp duty at a total rate of 0.2% of the value of the transaction, with 0.1%
    payable by each of the buyer and the seller;


•   stock settlement fee, which is currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value, subject to a
    minimum fee of HK$2.00 and a maximum fee of HK$100.00 per side per trade;


•   brokerage commission, which is freely negotiable with the broker (other than brokerage
    commissions for IPO transactions which are currently set at 1% of the subscription
    or purchase price and will be payable by the person subscribing for or purchasing the
    securities); and


•   charge by the Hong Kong share registrar between HK$2.50 to HK$20, depending on the
    speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong
    Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of Class A ordinary shares from one registered owner
    to another, each share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated
    in the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong.


Investors in Hong Kong must settle their trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
through their brokers directly or through custodians. For an investor in Hong Kong who
has deposited his or her Class A ordinary shares in his or her stock account or in his or
her designated Participant’s stock account of the Central Clearing and Settlement System
established and operated by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited, or CCASS,
maintained with CCASS, settlement will be effected in CCASS in accordance with the General
Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time. For an investor
who holds the physical certificates, settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer
forms must be delivered to his or her broker or custodian before the settlement date.


An investor may arrange with his or her broker or custodian on a settlement date in respect
of his or her trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules and the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from
time to time, the date of settlement must be the second business day (a day on which the
settlement services of CCASS are open for use by CCASS Participants) following the trade date
(T+2). For trades settled under CCASS, the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational
Procedures in effect from time to time provided that the defaulting broker may be compelled
to compulsorily buy-in by HKSCC the day after the date of settlement (T+3), or if it is not
practicable to do so on T+3, at any time thereafter. HKSCC may also impose fines from T+2
onwards.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023      267
      PART I


                 B. Conversion between Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong and ADSs

                    We have established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share
                    register, which are maintained by our Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
                    Investor Services Limited. Our principal register of members, or the Cayman share register,
                    are maintained by our principal share registrar, Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited in the
                    Cayman Islands.


                    Holders of Class A ordinary shares registered on the Hong Kong share register are able to
                    exchange these Class A ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa.


                    In connection with the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
                    and to facilitate fungibility and conversion between ADSs and Class A ordinary shares and
                    trading between the NYSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we moved a portion of our
                    issued Class A ordinary shares from our register of members maintained in the Cayman Islands
                    to our Hong Kong share register. We are not under any obligation to maintain or increase
                    the number of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate any
                    withdrawals of ADSs to convert into Class A ordinary shares listed on the Hong Kong Exchange.


                 C. Converting Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong into ADSs

                    An investor who holds Class A ordinary shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to
                    convert them to ADSs to trade on the NYSE must deposit or have his or her broker deposit the
                    Class A ordinary shares with the depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Deutsche Bank AG, Hong
                    Kong Branch, or the custodian, in exchange for ADSs.


                    A deposit of Class A ordinary shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the
                    following procedures:


                    •   If Class A ordinary shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer the
                        Class A ordinary shares to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS by
                        following the CCASS procedures for transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and
                        signed letter of transmittal to the custodian via his or her broker.


                    •   If Class A ordinary shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit his
                        or her Class A ordinary shares into CCASS for delivery to the depositary’s account with the
                        custodian within CCASS, and must submit and deliver a duly completed and signed letter of
                        transmittal to the custodian via his or her broker.


                    •   Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or
                        stock transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all case to the terms of the deposit
                        agreement, the depositary will register the corresponding number of ADSs in the name(s)
                        requested by an investor and will deliver the ADSs as instructed in the letter of transmittal.




268   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


   For Class A ordinary shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above
   steps generally require two business days, provided that the investor has provided timely and
   complete instructions. For Class A ordinary shares held outside CCASS in physical form, the
   above steps may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise.
   For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS
   issuances. The investor will be unable to trade the ADSs until the procedures are completed.


D. Converting ADSs to Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong

   An investor who holds ADSs fungible with the ADSs listed on the NYSE and who intends to
   convert his/her ADSs into Class A ordinary shares that trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
   must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw Class A ordinary shares from our
   ADS program and cause his or her broker or other financial institution to trade such Class A
   ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


   An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker or other financial institution should
   follow the procedure of the broker or financial institution and instruct the broker to arrange
   for cancelation of the ADSs to the depositary for cancelation, and transfer of the underlying
   Class A ordinary shares from the depositary’s account with the custodian within the CCASS
   system to the investor’s Hong Kong stock account. A cancellation fee of up to US$0.05 per ADS
   cancelled will apply.


   For investors holding ADSs directly, subject to the applicable transfer restrictions, the
   following steps must be taken:


   •   To withdraw Class A ordinary shares from our ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs
       may turn in such ADSs at the office of the depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the
       ADSs are held in certificated form), and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the
       depositary.


   •   Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp
       taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all cases to the terms of
       the deposit agreement, the depositary will instruct the custodian to deliver Class A ordinary
       shares underlying the canceled ADSs to the CCASS account designated by an investor.


   •   If an investor prefers to receive Class A ordinary shares outside CCASS, he or she must
       receive Class A ordinary shares in CCASS first and then arrange for the withdrawal from
       CCASS. Investors can then obtain a transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited
       (as the transferor) and register Class A ordinary shares in their own names with the Hong
       Kong share registrar. For Class A ordinary shares to be received in CCASS, under normal
       circumstances, the above steps generally require two business days, provided that the
       investor has provided timely and complete instructions.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      269
      PART I


                    For Class A ordinary shares to be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps
                    may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be unable to trade the Class
                    A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.


                    Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from
                    time to time be closed to ADS cancelations. In addition, completion of the above steps and
                    procedures for delivery for Class A ordinary shares in a CCASS account is subject to there
                    being a sufficient number of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to
                    facilitate a withdrawal from the ADS program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under
                    any obligation to maintain or increase the number of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong
                    share register to facilitate such withdrawals.


                 E. Depositary Requirements

                    Before the depositary issues and delivers ADSs or permits withdrawal of Class A ordinary
                    shares, the depositary may require:


                    •   production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other
                        information it deems necessary;


                    •   compliance with terms and procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with
                        the deposit agreement, including completion and presentation of transfer documents; and


                    •   compliance with U.S. securities law requirements.


                    The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers, and
                    cancellations of ADSs generally when the transfer books of the depositary or our Hong Kong
                    share registrar or Cayman Islands share registrar are closed or at any time if the depositary
                    or we determine it advisable to do so, subject to such refusal complying with U.S. federal
                    securities laws.


                    All costs attributable to the transfer of Class A ordinary shares to effect a withdrawal from
                    or deposit of Class A ordinary shares into our ADS program will be borne by the investor
                    requesting the transfer. In particular, holders of Class A ordinary shares and ADSs should note
                    that the Hong Kong share registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to HK$20, depending on the
                    speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong
                    Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of Class A ordinary shares from one registered owner
                    to another, each share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in
                    the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong. In addition, holders of Class A ordinary shares
                    and ADSs must pay up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) for each issuance of ADSs
                    and each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be, in connection with the deposit of Class A
                    ordinary shares into, or withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares from, our ADS program.




270   NIO Inc.
                                                                                       PART I


Conversion Between Class A Ordinary Shares in Singapore and ADSs

A. Clearance and Settlement on the Singapore Exchange

   Our Class A ordinary shares are traded on the Singapore Exchange in board lots of 10 Class
   A ordinary shares. Our Class A ordinary shares that are traded on the Singapore Exchange
   will be cleared and settled under the scripless book-entry settlement system of the Central
   Depository (Pte) Limited, or CDP, and all dealings in and transactions of the Class A ordinary
   shares through the Singapore Exchange will be effected in accordance with the terms and
   conditions for the operation of securities accounts maintained by a depositor with CDP and the
   terms and conditions for CDP to act as depository for foreign securities, as amended from time
   to time.


   Under the Cayman Islands Companies Act, only a person who agrees to become a shareholder
   of a Cayman Islands company and whose name is entered in the register of members of such
   company is considered a member with rights to attend and vote at shareholders’ meetings of
   such company.


   Our Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore Exchange are registered in the name of
   CDP or its nominee and held by CDP for and on behalf of persons who maintain, either directly
   or through depository agents, securities accounts. Accordingly, under Cayman Islands laws, a
   shareholder who maintains, either directly or through depository agents, securities accounts
   with CDP, or a NIO CDP depositor, holding our Class A ordinary shares through CDP would not
   be recognized as our shareholder but may be appointed by CDP as its proxy and have the direct
   right to attend and cast votes at such shareholders’ meetings. Shareholders are to take note
   that no option shall be provided to shareholders for them to withdraw or deposit the Class A
   ordinary shares from or with the CDP in scrip form. Accordingly, in the event that a NIO CDP
   depositor wishes to attend and vote at the shareholders’ meetings in his own name, the NIO
   CDP depositor would have to first convert his Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore
   Exchange to ADS trading on the NYSE, before cancelling the ADS with the ADS depositary,
   being Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, and receiving the corresponding number of
   underlying Class A ordinary shares in certificated form in his own name from the Cayman share
   registrar. The NIO CDP depositor must be a registered holder of Class A ordinary shares on the
   Cayman share register prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting.


   Our shareholders and ADS holders can convert and transfer shares trading on the Singapore
   Exchange to ADS trading on the NYSE (and vice versa) only on a scripless basis, which involves
   a transfer of shares through the CDP electronic system between the CDP accounts of the
   Singapore custodian of the ADS Depositary, namely DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd, and
   the shareholder (or his depository agent). In this regard, the shares listed and traded on the
   Singapore Exchange shall be solely Class A ordinary shares underlying ADSs which have been
   registered with the SEC (or exempted, as the case may be) and listed and traded on the NYSE,
   which are unrestricted shares. For the avoidance of doubt, unrestricted shares which are not
   represented by ADSs will not be accepted for deposit into CDP.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023    271
      PART I


                 Our shareholders will not be given an option to deposit and/or withdraw the Class A ordinary
                 shares from and/or with the CDP in scrip form, or the Option, in order to ensure that the
                 Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore Exchange are strictly unrestricted shares. If
                 our shareholders are given the Option, there may be a risk of shares which are unregistered
                 with the SEC and/or have yet to be approved by the NYSE for listing, which we refer to as
                 the Restricted Shares, being deposited directly into CDP. Thereafter, it would be practically
                 impossible for our company and the ADS depositary to differentiate between unrestricted
                 shares and Restricted Shares once shares are admitted for trading in scripless form on the
                 Singapore Exchange. Any conversion of Restricted Shares into ADS, without registration with
                 the SEC (or exemption, as the case may be) may further result in non-compliance with the U.S.
                 securities law.


                 Accordingly, the following mechanisms have been put in place to ensure that the Restricted
                 Shares are not listed and traded on the Singapore Exchange:


                 (1) Shareholders would not be given an option to deposit and/or withdraw the Class A ordinary
                    shares from and/or with the CDP in scrip form to prevent shareholders from depositing
                    Restricted Shares into CDP, and accordingly introducing Restricted Shares to the Singapore
                    Exchange for trading; and


                 (2) Before the ADS depositary accepts deposits of shares to issue new ADSs, the ADS
                    depositary would ensure, inter alia, compliance with U.S. securities law requirements, and
                    compliance with the terms and procedures of the ADS depositary which are consistent with
                    the deposit agreement (including completion and presentation of transfer documents).
                    Accordingly, through this process, only unrestricted shares would be permitted for deposit
                    with the ADS depositary for the issuance of the corresponding ADSs for trading on the
                    NYSE.


                 NIO CDP depositors must have their respective securities accounts credited with the number of
                 Class A ordinary shares deposited before they can effect the desired trades. A fee of S$10.00
                 is payable upon the deposit of each instrument of transfer with CDP and the ADS depositary
                 reserves the right to charge additional fees imposed by the ADS depositary, CDP and any
                 brokers to ADS holders and NIO CDP depositors who have made requests for the conversion
                 of ADSs into Class A ordinary shares and vice versa . The above fees may be subject to such
                 charges as may be imposed in accordance with CDP’s prevailing policies or the current tax
                 policies, including GST that may be in force in Singapore from time to time.


                 Transactions in our Class A ordinary shares under the CDP book-entry settlement system
                 will be reflected by the seller’s securities account being debited with the number of Class A
                 ordinary shares sold and the buyer’s securities account being credited with the number of
                 Class A ordinary shares acquired and no transfer stamp duty is currently payable for our Class
                 A ordinary shares that are settled on a book-entry basis.




272   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


   The Class A ordinary shares traded on the Singapore Exchange will not be fungible with the
   Class A ordinary shares traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as there is no mechanism in
   place to facilitate such transfer of Class A ordinary shares between the Singapore Exchange
   and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


B. Clearing Fees

   A Singapore clearing fee for trades in our Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange
   is payable at the rate of 0.0325% of the contract value. The clearing fee, instrument of transfer
   deposit fee and share withdrawal fee may be subject to GST at the prevailing rate of 9.0% (or
   such other rate prevailing from time to time).


   Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares will be carried out in U.S. dollars and will be effected
   for settlement in CDP on a scripless basis. Settlement of trades on a normal “ready” basis on
   the Singapore Exchange generally takes place on the second (2nd) market day following the
   transaction date and payment for the securities between member companies of the Singapore
   Exchange and NIO CDP depositors is generally settled on the following business day. CDP
   holds securities on behalf of depositors in securities accounts. An investor may open a direct
   account with CDP or a sub-account with any depository agent. A depository agent may be a
   member company of the Singapore Exchange, bank, merchant bank or trust company.


C. Dealing of Shares on the Singapore Exchange

   Dealing of Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange should be conducted with
   member companies of the Singapore Exchange by NIO CDP depositors who hold direct
   securities accounts with CDP or a sub-account with a depository agent.


   Dealings in, and transactions of, Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange will be
   due for settlement on the second market day following the date of transaction (T+2, or the
   Settlement Date), and payment for the securities is generally settled on the following business
   day. NIO CDP depositors selling Class A ordinary shares should ensure that there are sufficient
   Class A ordinary shares in their direct securities account with CDP or their sub-account with
   a depository agent on the Settlement Date. Settlement of dealings through the CDP direct
   securities account or sub-account with a depository agent shall be made in accordance with
   CDP’s “Terms and Conditions for Operation of Securities Accounts with CDP,” and the “Terms
   and Conditions for CDP to Act as Depository for Foreign Securities,” as amended from time to
   time. Investors should take note that they would need to maintain a direct account with CDP
   or a sub-account with any depository agent before they can hold and/or trade the Class A
   ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange. If you do not currently have a direct account with
   CDP or a sub-account with a depository agent through which you can trade securities on the
   Singapore Exchange, please open an account with CDP or contact a broker to open an account.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      273
      PART I


                 D. Instructions for the Cancellation of ADS Traded on NYSE and Withdrawal of Physical Class A
                    Ordinary Share Certificates

                    ADS holders may turn in their ADS at the ADS depositary’s corporate trust office or by
                    providing appropriate instructions to their U.S. broker for cancellation and withdrawal of the
                    underlying shares. In cases where the ADS holder would like to cancel their ADS and withdraw
                    the underlying shares in the form of physical Class A share certificates, the ADS holder or the
                    holder’s U.S. broker would need to inform us and the ADS depositary that they would like to
                    receive the shares in this form. Upon payment of its fees, expenses and any taxes or charges,
                    such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, and subject in all cases to the terms
                    and conditions of the deposit agreement, the ADS depositary will deliver the Class A ordinary
                    shares on the Cayman share register and any other deposited securities underlying the ADSs
                    to the ADS holder or a person designated by the ADS holder at the office of the custodian of
                    the ADS depositary. Or, at the request, risk and expense of the ADS holder, the ADS depository
                    will deliver the deposited securities at its corporate trust office, to the extent permitted by law.
                    The mechanism for cancelling ADSs and receiving Class A ordinary shares for trading on the
                    Singapore Exchange is described below.


                    Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the ADS depositary may from
                    time to time be closed to ADS cancellations.


                 E. No Withdrawal or Deposit of Class A Ordinary Shares in Scrip Form from or with the CFP

                    Shareholders should note that they will not be permitted to withdraw or deposit the Class A
                    ordinary shares from or with the CDP in scrip form, so as to ensure that the fungible ADSs and
                    Class A ordinary shares trading on the NYSE and the Singapore Exchange respectively have
                    either been registered under the Securities Act or are otherwise freely tradable pursuant to an
                    exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In the event that any NIO CDP depositor
                    wishes to withdraw his Class A ordinary shares in scrip form for whatsoever reason, the NIO
                    CDP depositor would have to first convert his Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore
                    Exchange to ADS trading on the NYSE, before cancelling the ADS with the ADS depositary and
                    receiving such Class A ordinary shares in physical share certificates as registered holder.
                    The instructions for the cancellation of ADSs traded on the NYSE and withdrawal of physical
                    certificates of Class A ordinary shares are as set out above.




274   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


F. Mechanism for Conversion and Transfer of Class A Ordinary Shares Trading on the Singapore
   Exchange to ADSs for trading on the NYSE

   Conversion of Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange to ADSs for trading on the
   NYSE will only be carried out on a scripless basis. A NIO CDP depositor whose Class A ordinary
   shares are held through CDP (either directly or through a depository agent) and wishes to
   convert and transfer his Class A ordinary share to ADS for trading on the NYSE, shall first
   provide ADS issuance instructions to the Singapore custodian of the ADS depositary, namely
   DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd, in the form of a letter of transmittal (LOT) through his
   Singapore broker, providing key information including but not limited to the number of ADSs to
   be issued, the ADS delivery information, and such other documentation as the ADS depositary
   may require pursuant to the deposit agreement. Immediately thereafter, the Singapore broker,
   on behalf of the NIO CDP depositor, shall make a Free of Payment (FOP) transfer of the relevant
   number of the Class A ordinary shares to DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd through the CDP
   electronic system. The cut-off time for providing the ADS issuance instructions in the form
   of a letter of transmittal and for the Singapore broker to make the FOP transfer is 11:30 a.m.
   (Singapore time).


   Such issuances are subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit agreement. All forms and
   declarations required by the ADS depositary must be fully completed, provided in a timely
   manner, duly signed and submitted to the ADS depositary with the instruction to credit the
   relevant number of ADSs in DTC. Upon receipt of the relevant number of Class A ordinary
   shares, DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd shall forward the corresponding letter of transmittal
   to the ADS depositary. Following which, the ADS depositary shall issue the relevant number of
   ADSs as instructed by the letter of transmittal for delivery through the DTC settlement system
   to the designated DTC securities account (whether held directly by the NIO CDP depositor or
   through a U.S. broker) upon payment of its fees, expenses and any taxes or charges such as
   stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees.


   The conversion and transfer of Class A ordinary shares in a securities account held with CDP to
   ADS in the NIO CDP depositor’s securities account opened with his U.S. broker would normally
   take approximately two (2) business days from the time the ADS depositary (and/or any of its
   agents in Singapore) receives the underlying Class A ordinary shares and the ADS issuance
   instructions with the necessary documents, barring any closure of the transfer books of the
   ADS depositary or any other unforeseen circumstances and assuming that all requisite forms/
   instructions have been duly completed and provided, and necessary payment for all associated
   fees has been made.


   Please note that in all cases of transfers referred to in this section, there should not be
   any change or difference, or purported change or difference, in the beneficial owner of the
   underlying Class A ordinary share before and after transfer of Class A ordinary shares trading
   on the Singapore Exchange to ADSs for trading on the NYSE.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023     275
      PART I


                    You may be charged with applicable fees by your broker or custodian in Singapore. Please note
                    that the transfer process and/or fees payable are subject to change. For further information
                    or copies of the forms, please contact the Company and the ADS depositary directly. For the
                    avoidance of doubt, all fees and taxes (including stamp duties) incurred during the transfer
                    process shall be borne by the ADS holder.


                 G. Mechanism for Conversion and Transfer of ADSs Trading on NYSE to Class A Ordinary Shares
                    for Trading on the Singapore Exchange

                    Conversion and transfer of ADSs to Class A ordinary shares for trading on the Singapore
                    Exchange will only be carried out on a scripless basis. As an ADS holder, if you wish to trade
                    your underlying Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange, you must first instruct
                    your U.S. broker to convert the ADSs which you hold in NYSE into Class A ordinary shares
                    through the submission of an ADR cancellation instruction for the purpose of cancellation
                    and withdrawal. The U.S. broker will subsequently surrender the ADSs to the ADS Depositary
                    (through DTC), and provide the ADS Depositary with the ADR cancellation instruction and pay
                    the ADS Depositary’s fees, expenses and any applicable taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes
                    or stock transfer taxes or fees.


                    Such cancellations and withdrawals are subject in all cases to the terms of the Deposit
                    Agreement. All forms and declarations required by the ADS Depositary must be fully
                    completed, provided in a timely manner, duly signed and submitted to the ADS Depositary
                    with the instruction to credit the relevant number of Class A ordinary shares into a securities
                    account opened with CDP. The ADS Depositary and its custodian shall electronically transfer
                    the relevant number of Class A ordinary shares through the scripless system operated by CDP
                    from their securities account to your designated securities account (either in your direct name
                    or maintained under your Singapore broker as a depository agent).


                    The conversion and transfer of ADSs on NYSE to Class A ordinary shares in the NIO CDP
                    depositor’s securities account opened with CDP or his securities sub-account maintained
                    with a Depository Agent would normally take approximately two (2) business days to complete
                    from the time the ADS Depositary receives the ADSs for cancellation, any applicable fees and
                    the ADS cancellation instructions with the necessary documents, barring any closure of the
                    transfer books of the ADS Depositary or any other unforeseen circumstances and assuming
                    that all requisite forms/instructions have been duly completed and provided, and necessary
                    payment for all associated fees has been made.


                    Please note that in all cases of transfers referred to in this section, there should not be
                    any change or difference, or purported change or difference, in the beneficial owner of the
                    underlying Class A ordinary share before and after transfer of ADSs trading on the NYSE to
                    Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore Exchange.




276   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


   You may be charged with applicable fees by your broker or custodian in the U.S. Please note
   that the transfer process and/or fees payable are subject to change. For further information
   or copies of the forms, please contact the Company and the ADS Depositary directly. For the
   avoidance of doubt, all fees and taxes (including stamp duties) incurred during the transfer
   process shall be borne by the ADS holder. For the avoidance of doubt, no specific consent or
   approval by the Company will be required for the conversion and transfer of ADS on the NYSE
   to Class A ordinary shares for trading on the Singapore Exchange by shareholders and vice
   versa.


H. Voting Instructions

   ADS holders are not treated as shareholders and accordingly, do not have shareholder rights.
   As the ADS depositary holds the legal title to our Class A ordinary shares represented by the
   ADSs, ADS holders must rely on the ADS depositary to exercise the rights of a shareholder.
   The obligations of the ADS depositary, rights and obligations of the ADS holders, including
   processes related to the voting of the Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs, are
   governed by the conditions of the deposit agreement. Under the Cayman Islands law, every
   other person who has agreed to become a member of a Cayman Islands company and whose
   name is entered in the register of members of such company is considered a member.
   Accordingly, a NIO CDP depositor holding Class A ordinary shares through CDP would not be
   recognized as our shareholder under the laws of the Cayman Islands but would be appointed
   as a proxy of CDP (which is a registered shareholder), and have the right to attend general
   meetings of our shareholders and to cast any votes at such meetings.


   Where applicable and/or required, we will coordinate with the Singapore share transfer agent
   to mail to NIO CDP depositors, in English, any notice of shareholders’ meetings, together with
   instruction form, or the Voting Instruction Form. The Voting Instruction Form would in turn be
   consolidated by the Singapore share transfer agent. NIO CDP depositors will be able to vote on
   such matters tabled for shareholders’ approval at the shareholders’ meetings by (i) attending
   the meetings and casting votes in person as a proxy appointed by CDP, or (ii) returning the
   Voting Instruction Form by the deadline to CDP or the Singapore share transfer agent, as the
   case may be.


   NIO CDP depositors who wish to attend shareholders’ meetings and exercise their voting rights
   directly under their own names with regard to Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by
   them, shall first convert their Class A ordinary shares to ADSs in accordance with the above
   section on “F. Mechanism for Conversion and Transfer of Class A Ordinary Shares Trading on
   the Singapore Exchange to ADSs for Trading on the NYSE.” Thereafter, they would need to
   cancel the ADSs and withdraw the underlying physical Class A ordinary share certificate in
   accordance with the above section on “D. Instructions for the Cancellation of ADS Traded on
   NYSE and Withdrawal of Physical Class A Ordinary Share Certificates,” and make appropriate
   arrangements to hold the shares directly prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023      277
      PART I


                 I.   ADS Depositary Requirements

                      Before the ADS depositary accepts deposits of Class A ordinary shares, delivers ADSs or
                      permits withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares, the ADS depositary requires:


                      •   production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other
                          information it deems necessary;


                      •   compliance with terms and procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent
                          with the Deposit Agreement, including completion and presentation of required transfer
                          documents; and


                      •   compliance with U.S. securities law requirements.


                      The ADS depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers and
                      cancellations of ADSs generally when the transfer books of the ADS depositary are closed, or
                      at any time if the ADS depositary or our company determines it advisable to do so. In addition,
                      procedures for delivery of Class A ordinary shares in CDP are subject to there being a sufficient
                      number of Class A ordinary shares to facilitate a withdrawal from the ADS program directly into
                      the CDP system. The Company, the ADS depositary and the CDP are not under any obligation
                      to maintain or increase the number of Class A ordinary shares in the CDP system to facilitate
                      such withdrawals.


                      Any affiliate of the Company (as defined in Rule 144(a)(1) of the Securities Act) can only deposit
                      Class A ordinary shares into the ADR program in connection with a contemporaneous sale
                      of such ADSs issued on deposit or related shares on CDP, should they cancel such ADSs and
                      receive the underlying Class A ordinary shares.




278   NIO Inc.
                 Part II
      PART II           PART II




279   NIO Inc.      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   279
      PART II

      ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES
                 None.


      ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF
               PROCEEDS
                 Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders

                 See “Item 10. Additional Information – B. Memorandum and Articles of Association – Ordinary Shares”
                 for a description of the rights of securities holders, which remain unchanged.


      ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
                 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

                 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has
                 performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
                 in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report, as
                 required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our management,
                 with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has concluded that,
                 as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that the
                 information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
                 recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules
                 and forms, and that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit
                 under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
                 executive officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


                 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

                 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
                 financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act
                 of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
                 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of
                 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
                 Principles (GAAP) in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that
                 (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
                 transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
                 transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements
                 in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only
                 in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable
                 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
                 of our company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.




280   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                    PART II


       Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
       all potential misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
       subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
       the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


       As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules as promulgated by the
       SEC, our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed the
       effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 using the criteria
       set forth in the report “Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)” published by the Committee
       of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the management
       concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023.


       Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

       As required by Rule 13a-15(d), under the Exchange Act, our management, including our chief
       executive officer and our chief financial officer, also conducted an assessment of our internal control
       over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the period covered by this
       report have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
       financial reporting. Based on that assessment, it has been determined that there has been no such
       change during the period covered by this annual report.


       Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

       Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, has
       audited the effectiveness of our company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December
       31, 2023, as stated in its report, which appears on page F-2 of this annual report on Form 20-F.


ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
       Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Denny Ting Bun Lee, a member of our audit committee
       and independent director (under the standards set forth in Section 303A of the Corporate Governance
       Rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), is an audit committee
       financial expert.


ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS
       Our board of directors has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of the directors, officers and
       employees of us and our subsidiaries, whether they work for us on a full-time, part-time, consultative,
       or temporary basis. Certain provisions of the code apply specifically to our chief executive officer,
       chief financial officer, senior finance officer, controller, senior vice presidents, vice presidents
       and any other persons who perform similar functions for us. We have posted a copy of our code of
       business conduct and ethics on our website at https://www.nio.com/policies/compliance-policies.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023      281
      PART II


      ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
                 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by the categories specified below in connection with
                 certain professional services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and its affiliates,
                 our principal external auditor, for the years indicated. We did not pay any other fees to our principal
                 external auditors during the years indicated below.


                                                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                                                   2022                      2023

                                                                                                              (in RMB thousands)

                 Audit fees(1)                                                                                  17,150                     17,338
                 Audit related fees     (2)
                                                                                                                       –                          –
                 Tax fees(3)                                                                                      1,393                     3,488
                 Other fees(4)                                                                                    1,070                        660
                 Total                                                                                          19,613                     21,486


                 Note:

                 (1) “Audit fees” means the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal external auditor, including the
                     audits of our annual financial statements and our internal controls over financial reporting and the quarterly reviews of our
                     condensed consolidated financial information, statutory audits for certain of our subsidiaries, and provision of comfort letters,
                     consents and other professional services in relation to our equity and debt offering, Hong Kong listing and Singapore listing.

                 (2) “Audit related fees” means the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal external auditor that
                     are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit
                     fees.”
                 (3) “Tax fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal
                     external auditor for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.

                 (4) “All other fees” means the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal external auditor associated
                     with other advisory services.


                 The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and other service provided by
                 PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and its affiliates, including audit services, tax services and
                 other services described above, other than those for de minimis services which are approved by the
                 Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit.


      ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES
                 Not applicable.


      ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED
                PURCHASERS
                 None.


      ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT
                 Not applicable.




282   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                 PART II


ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
       As a Cayman Islands company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, we are subject to the NYSE
       corporate governance listing standards. However, NYSE rules permit a foreign private issuer like
       us to follow the corporate governance practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance
       practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home country, may differ significantly from the NYSE
       corporate governance listing standards.


       We have chosen to (i) rely on the home country exemption from Section 303A.01 of the NYSE Listed
       Company Manual, which requires a listed company to have a majority of independent directors, (ii)
       rely on the home country exemption from Section 303A.05 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which
       requires a listed company to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent
       directors, and (iii) rely on the home country exemption from Section 303A.08 of the NYSE Listed
       Company Manual, which requires that shareholders be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-
       compensation plans and material revisions thereto. In these respects, and in such other respects
       where we choose to follow home country practice in the future, our shareholders may be afforded
       less protection than they otherwise would under the NYSE corporate governance listing standards
       applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks related
       to our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares – Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their
       interests, and ability to protect their rights through U.S. courts may be limited, because we are
       incorporated under Cayman Islands law.”


       Other than the home country practice described above, we are not aware of any significant differences
       between our corporate governance practices and those followed by U.S. domestic companies under
       the NYSE corporate governance listing standards.


ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
       Not applicable.


ITEM 16I. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
       Not applicable.


ITEM 16J. INSIDER TRADING POLICIES
       Not applicable.


ITEM 16K. CYBERSECURITY
       Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

       We have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity risk assessment procedures to ensure
       effectiveness in cybersecurity management, strategy and governance and reporting cybersecurity
       risks. We have also integrated cybersecurity risk management into our overall enterprise risk
       management system.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023     283
      PART II


                 We have developed a comprehensive cybersecurity threat defense system to address both internal
                 and external threats. This system encompasses various levels, including network, host and
                 application security and incorporates systematic security capabilities for threat defense, monitoring,
                 analysis, response, deception and countermeasures. We strive to manage cybersecurity risks and
                 protect sensitive information through various means, such as technical safeguards, procedural
                 requirements, an intensive program of monitoring on our corporate network, continuous testing
                 of aspects of our security posture internally and with outside vendors, a robust incident response
                 program and regular cybersecurity awareness training for employees. Our cybersecurity-related
                 departments regularly monitors the performance of our apps, platforms and infrastructure to enable
                 us to respond quickly to potential problems, including potential cybersecurity threats.


                 As of the date of this annual report, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents or
                 identified any material cybersecurity threats that have affected or are reasonably likely to materially
                 affect us, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.


                 Cybersecurity Governance

                 Our board of directors is responsible for overseeing risks related to cybersecurity. Our board of
                 directors shall (i) maintain oversight of the disclosure related to cybersecurity matters in current
                 reports or periodic reports of our company, (ii) review updates to the status of any material
                 cybersecurity incidents or material risks from cybersecurity threats to our company, and the
                 disclosure issues, if any, presented by our management on a quarterly basis, and (iii) review
                 disclosure concerning cybersecurity matters in our annual report on Form 20-F presented by our
                 management.


                 At the management level, our CEO, CFO and the head of the departments in connection with
                 cybersecurity-related matters, including our chief digital safety and security officer, who is an
                 expert in cybersecurity with over 15 years of academic and industrial experience in security research
                 and development, operations and management, are responsible for assessing, identifying and
                 managing cybersecurity risks and monitoring the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation
                 of cybersecurity incidents. Our CEO and CFO report to our board of directors (i) on a quarterly basis
                 on updates to the status of any material cybersecurity incidents or material risks from cybersecurity
                 threats to our company, and the disclosure issues, if any, and (ii) in connection with disclosure
                 concerning cybersecurity matters in our annual report on Form 20-F.


                 If a cybersecurity incident occurs, our cybersecurity-related departments will promptly organize
                 personnel for internal assessment. If it is further determined that the incident could potentially be a
                 material cybersecurity event, the cybersecurity-related departments will promptly report the incident
                 and assessment results to our CEO and CFO, and, to the extent appropriate, involve external legal
                 counsels to provide advice. Our management shall prepare disclosure material on the cybersecurity
                 incident for review and approval by our board of directors before it is disseminated to the public.




284   NIO Inc.
                 PART III




          Part III
PART II




               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   285
      PART III

      ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 We have elected to provide financial statements pursuant to “Item 18. Financial Statements.”


      ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 The consolidated financial statements of NIO Inc. and its subsidiaries and the related notes are
                 included at the end of this annual report.


      ITEM 19. EXHIBITS
                 Exhibit Number          Description of Document

                 1.1                     Thirteenth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
                                         of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
                                         current report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38638), furnished with the SEC on
                                         August 25, 2022)


                 2.1                     Registrant’s Specimen American Depositary Receipt (included in Exhibit 2.3)


                 2.2                     Registrant’s Specimen Certificate for Class A ordinary shares (incorporated
                                         herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registration statement on Form F-1
                                         (File No. 333-226822), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on August 13,
                                         2018)


                 2.3                     Deposit Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2018, among the Registrant,
                                         Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the depositary, and all holders
                                         and beneficial owners of the American Depositary Shares issued thereunder
                                         (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registration statement
                                         on Form S-8 (File No. 333-229952), filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019)


                 2.4                     Fifth Amended and Restated Shareholders’ Agreement, dated as of
                                         November 10, 2017, among the Registrant and the other signatories thereto
                                         (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the registration statement
                                         on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on
                                         August 13, 2018)


                 2.5                     Description of American Depositary Shares of the Registrant (incorporated
                                         herein by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File
                                         No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on May 14, 2020)




286   NIO Inc.
                                                                                     PART III



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

2.6              Description of Class A ordinary shares of the Registrant (incorporated herein
                 by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No.
                 001-38638), filed with the SEC on May 14, 2020)


4.1              2015 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
                 the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                 initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


4.2              2016 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
                 the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                 initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


4.3              2017 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
                 the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                 initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


4.4              2018 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to
                 the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                 initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


4.5              2024 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1
                 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38638), filed with
                 the SEC on February 7, 2024)


4.6              Form of Indemnification Agreement, between the Registrant and its directors
                 and executive officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to
                 the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                 initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


4.7†             English translation of Manufacture Cooperation Agreement, dated as of
                 May 23, 2016, between the Registrant and Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co.,
                 Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registration
                 statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended, initially filed with
                 the SEC on August 13, 2018)


4.8              Form of Employment Agreement, between the Registrant and its executive
                 officers (Non-PRC citizens) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6
                 to the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                 initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


4.9              Form of Employment Agreement, between the Registrant and its executive
                 officers (PRC citizens) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to
                 the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                 initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   287
      PART III



                 Exhibit Number   Description of Document

                 4.10             English translation of Power of Attorney, dated as of April 12, 2021,
                                  executed by the shareholders of Beijing NIO, Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO
                                  (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Report on
                                  Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


                 4.11             English translation of Loan Agreements, dated April 12, 2021, between
                                  shareholders of Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO (incorporated herein by
                                  reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                                  38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


                 4.12             English translation of Equity Pledge Agreements, dated as of April 12,
                                  2021, among shareholders of Beijing NIO, Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO
                                  (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Company’s Report on
                                  Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


                 4.13             English translation of Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated as of
                                  April 12, 2021, between Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO (incorporated herein by
                                  reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                                  38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


                 4.14             English translation of Exclusive Option Agreements, dated as of April 12,
                                  2021, among shareholders of Beijing NIO, Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO
                                  (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Company’s Report on
                                  Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


                 4.15             English translation of Confirmation and Undertaking Letters, dated as of April
                                  12, 2021, executed by shareholders of Beijing NIO (incorporated herein by
                                  reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                                  38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


                 4.16             English translation of Consent Letters, dated as of April 12, 2021, executed
                                  by the spouses of the shareholders of Beijing NIO (incorporated herein by
                                  reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                                  38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


                 4.17             Deposit Agreement for Restricted Securities, dated as of February 4, 2019,
                                  among the Registrant, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the
                                  depositary, and all holders and beneficial owners of the American Depositary
                                  Shares issued thereunder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to
                                  the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC
                                  on April 2, 2019)




288   NIO Inc.
                                                                                    PART III



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

4.18†            English translation of NIO ES6 Manufacture Cooperation Agreement, dated as
                 of April 30, 2019, between the Registrant and Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co.,
                 Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to the Company’s Report
                 on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on May 14, 2020)


4.19†            English translation of NIO Fury (EC6) Manufacture Cooperation Agreement,
                 dated as of March 10, 2020, between the Registrant and Anhui Jianghuai
                 Automobile Co., Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to the
                 Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on
                 May 14, 2020)


4.20             English translation of Investment Agreement, dated April 29, 2020, among
                 Hefei Construction Investment Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd., the Registrant, Nio
                 Nextev Limited, NIO Power Express Limited, NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd. and
                 other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.35 to the
                 Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on
                 May 14, 2020)


4.21             English translation of Amendment and Supplementary Agreement to
                 Investment Agreement, dated May 29, 2020, among Hefei Construction
                 Investment Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd., the Registrant, Nio Nextev Limited, NIO
                 Power Express Limited, NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd. and other parties thereto
                 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current
                 Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38638), furnished with the SEC on June 9,
                 2020)


4.22             English translation of Amendment and Supplementary Agreement II to
                 Investment Agreement, dated June 18, 2020, among Hefei Construction
                 Investment Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd., the Registrant, Nio Nextev Limited, NIO
                 Power Express Limited, NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd. and other parties thereto
                 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current
                 Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38638), furnished with the SEC on June 30,
                 2020)


4.23             Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2021, by and between the Registrant, as
                 issuer, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, constituting
                 US$750 million 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated herein
                 by reference to Exhibit 4.39 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No.
                 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021)


4.24             Form of 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.23)




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023    289
      PART III



                 Exhibit Number   Description of Document

                 4.25             Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2021, by and between the Registrant, as
                                  issuer, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, constituting
                                  US$750 million 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated herein
                                  by reference to Exhibit 4.41 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No.
                                  001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021)


                 4.26             Form of 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.25)


                 4.27†            English translation of Renewal Joint Manufacturing Agreement, by and
                                  between the Registrant, Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd. and Jianglai
                                  Advanced Manufacturing Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., dated May 22, 2021
                                  (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.45 to the Company’s Report on
                                  Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


                 4.28†            English translation of Manufacturing Cooperation Agreement, by and among
                                  NIO Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., NIO (Anhui) Co., Ltd., and Anhui Jianghuai
                                  Automobile Co., Ltd. dated September 2022 (incorporated by reference to
                                  Exhibit 4.46 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                                  with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.29             English translation of NIO Park (Phase I) Assets Transfer Agreement and
                                  its supplementary agreement, each dated December 23, 2022, executed by
                                  and between NIO (Anhui) Co., Ltd. and Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.47 of the Company’s Report on Form
                                  20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.30             English translation of Power of Attorney, dated November 30, 2022, executed
                                  by the shareholders of Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD.
                                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.48 of the Company’s Report on Form
                                  20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.31             English translation of Loan Agreements, dated November 30, 2022, between
                                  shareholders of Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD (incorporated by reference to
                                  Exhibit 4.49 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                                  with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.32             English translation of Equity Pledge Agreements, dated November 30,
                                  2022, among shareholders of Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD
                                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.50 of the Company’s Report on Form
                                  20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)




290   NIO Inc.
                                                                                    PART III



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

4.33             English translation of Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated
                 November 30, 2022, between Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.51 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.34             English translation of Exclusive Option Agreements, dated November 30,
                 2022, among shareholders of Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.52 of the Company’s Report on Form
                 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.35             English translation of Confirmation and Undertaking Letters, dated November
                 30, 2022, executed by shareholders of Anhui NIO AT (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.53 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.36             English translation of Consent Letters, dated November 30, 2022, executed by
                 the spouses of the shareholders of Anhui NIO AT (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4.54 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                 with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.37             English translation of Power of Attorney, dated December 12, 2022,
                 executed by the shareholders of Anhui NIO DT, Anhui NIO DT and NIO China
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 of the Company’s Report on Form
                 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.38             English translation of Loan Agreements, dated December 12, 2022, between
                 shareholders of Anhui NIO DT and NIO China (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4.56 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                 with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.39             English translation of Equity Pledge Agreements, dated December 12,
                 2022, among shareholders of Anhui NIO DT, Anhui NIO DT and NIO China
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.57 of the Company’s Report on Form
                 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.40             English translation of Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated
                 December 12, 2022, between Anhui NIO DT and NIO China (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.58 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   291
      PART III



                 Exhibit Number   Description of Document

                 4.41             English translation of Exclusive Option Agreements, dated December 12,
                                  2022, among shareholders of Anhui NIO DT, Anhui NIO DT and NIO China
                                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.59 of the Company’s Report on Form
                                  20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.42             English translation of Confirmation and Undertaking Letters, dated December
                                  12, 2022, executed by shareholders of Anhui NIO DT (incorporated by
                                  reference to Exhibit 4.60 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                                  38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.43             English translation of Consent Letters, dated December 12, 2022, executed by
                                  the spouses of the shareholders of Anhui NIO DT (incorporated by reference to
                                  Exhibit 4.61 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                                  with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.44*            Share Subscription Agreement, dated June 20, 2023, by and between the
                                  Registrant and CYVN Holdings L.L.C.


                 4.45*            Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 20, 2023, by and between the
                                  Registrant and CYVN Holdings L.L.C.


                 4.46*            Share Subscription Agreement, dated December 18, 2023, by and between
                                  the Registrant and CYVN Investments RSC Ltd


                 4.47*†           English translation of Asset Transaction Agreements, dated December 5,
                                  2023, by and between NIO Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd. and Anhui Jianghuai
                                  Automobile Group Co., Ltd.


                 4.48*†           Technology License Agreement, dated February 26, 2024, by and between NIO
                                  Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd. and Forseven Limited


                 4.49*            English translation of NIO China Shareholders Agreement, dated March 30,
                                  2024, by and among Hefei Jianheng New Energy Automobile Investment
                                  Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), Advanced Manufacturing Industry
                                  Investment Fund II (Limited Partnership), Anhui Provincial Sanzhong Yichuang
                                  Industry Development Fund Co., Ltd., Anhui Jintong New Energy Automobile
                                  II Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), the Registrant, Nio Nextev Limited,
                                  NIO User Enterprise Limited, NIO Power Express Limited and NIO Holding Co.,
                                  Ltd.




292   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                 PART III



Exhibit Number               Description of Document

8.1*                         List of Principal Subsidiaries and Consolidated Variable Interest Entities


11.1*                        Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant


12.1*                        CEO Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


12.2*                        CFO Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


13.1**                       CEO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


13.2**                       CFO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


15.1*                        Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP


15.2*                        Consent of Han Kun Law Offices


97.1*                        Clawback Policy of the Registrant


101. INS*                    Inline XBRL Instance Document – this instance document does not appear
                             in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the
                             Inline XBRL document


101. SCH*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document


101. CAL*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document


101. DEF*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document


101. LAB*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document


101. PRE*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


104*                         Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*   Filed herewith.

** Furnished herewith.

†   Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to Rule 406 under the Securities Act
    and Division of Corporation Finance Staff Legal Bulletin No. 1. In accordance with Rule 406 and Staff Legal Bulletin No. 1,
    these confidential portions have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023          293
      SIGNATURES

      The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing its annual report on Form 20-F and
      that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.


                                                                    NIO Inc.


                                                                    By:        /s/Bin Li
                                                                    Name:      Bin Li
                                                                    Title:     Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                                                               and Chief Executive Officer

      Date: April 9, 2024




294   NIO Inc.
                                                    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Weighted Voting Rights Structure

Our company is controlled through weighted voting rights (“WVR”). Under our WVR structure, each Class A
ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise one vote, and each Class C ordinary share entitles the holder to
exercise eight votes, on any resolution tabled at our general meetings, subject to Rule 8A.24 of the Hong Kong
Listing Rules that requires certain matters (the “Reserved Matters”) to be voted on a one vote per share basis.


Our WVR structure enables our founder, Mr. Bin Li (the “WVR Beneficiary”), controlling the Class C ordinary
shares through Originalwish Limited, mobike Global Ltd. and NIO Users Limited, to exercise voting control over
our company notwithstanding the WVR Beneficiary does not hold a majority economic interest in the share
capital of our company. This will enable us to benefit from the continuing vision and leadership of our WVR
Beneficiary who will control our company with a view to our long-term prospects and strategy.


Shareholders and prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in our
company with a WVR structure, in particular that the interests of the WVR Beneficiary may not necessarily
always be aligned with those of the shareholders as a whole, and that the WVR Beneficiary will be in a position
to exert significant influence over the affairs of our company and the outcome of shareholders’ resolutions,
irrespective of how other shareholders vote. Shareholders and prospective investors should make the decision
to invest in our company only after due and careful consideration.


As of March 31, 2024, Mr. Bin Li was interested in and controlled through (a) Originalwish Limited, 89,013,451
Class C ordinary shares, (b) mobike Global Ltd., 26,454,325 Class C ordinary shares, (c) NIO Users Limited,
14,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares, and (d) NIO Users Community
Limited, 2,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, which in total amounts to 16,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and
148,500,000 Class C ordinary shares on an aggregate basis, representing approximately 38.5% of the voting
rights in our company with respect to shareholders’ resolutions relating to matters other than certain Reserved
Matters, calculated based on 2,087,029,186 issued and outstanding ordinary shares as of March 31, 2024,
comprising of 1,938,529,186 Class A ordinary shares (excluding 10,722,037 Class A ordinary shares issued and
reserved for future issuance upon the exercising or vesting of awards granted under our stock incentive plans)
and 148,500,000 Class C ordinary shares.


NIO Users Community Limited is a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by NIO Users Limited. NIO Users
Limited is a British Virgin Islands holding company wholly owned by Maples Trustee Services (Cayman) Limited
in its capacity as trustee of NIO Users Trust, a trust in which Mr. Bin Li is the settlor, protector, investment
advisor and the only existing de facto beneficiary as of the date of this annual report. Mr. Bin Li has the power
to direct the trustee with respect to the retention or disposal of, and the exercise of any voting and other
rights attached to, the shares held by NIO Users Community Limited and NIO Users Limited in our company.
Originalwish Limited and mobike Global Ltd. are British Virgin Island companies wholly owned by Mr. Bin Li.


In the event that the holder of Class C ordinary shares elects to convert the Class C ordinary shares to Class A
ordinary shares, each Class C ordinary share may be converted into one Class A ordinary share on a one-to-one
ratio. Upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding Class C ordinary shares, our company will
re-designate them into 148,500,000 Class A ordinary shares, representing approximately 7.1% of our issued
share capital (excluding 10,722,037 Class A ordinary shares issued and reserved for future issuance upon the
exercising or vesting of awards granted under our stock incentive plans) as of March 31, 2024.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023     295
      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


      The WVR attached to the Class C ordinary shares will cease when the WVR Beneficiary no longer has any
      beneficial ownership of any of the Class C ordinary shares, in accordance with Rule 8A.22 of the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules. This may occur:


      (i)     upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances set out in Rule 8A.17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, in
              particular where the WVR Beneficiary is: (1) deceased; (2) no longer a member of the board; (3) deemed by
              the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to be incapacitated for the purpose of performing his duties as a director;
              or (4) deemed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to no longer meet the requirements of a director set out
              in the Hong Kong Listing Rules;


      (ii)    when the WVR Beneficiary has transferred to another person the beneficial ownership of, or economic
              interest in, all of the Class C ordinary shares or the voting rights attached to them, other than in the
              circumstances permitted by Rule 8A.18 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules;


      (iii)   where a vehicle holding Class C ordinary shares on behalf of a WVR Beneficiary no longer complies with
              Rule 8A.18(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; or


      (iv)    when all of the Class C ordinary shares have been converted to Class A ordinary shares.


      Roles of WVR Beneficiary in NIO Users Trust

      During the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, Mr. Bin Li is the settlor, the
      protector, the investment advisor and the only existing de facto beneficiary of NIO Users Trust and continues
      to retain the voting rights of the shares in our company controlled by NIO Users Trust and held by NIO Users
      Limited. Mr. Li has been the only existing de facto beneficiary who has been specifically named and identified
      under the trust deed (the “Trust Deed”) of NIO Users Trust and has full control over the NIO Users Trust as the
      sole settlor, sole protector and sole investment advisor since its establishment, although two other categories
      of beneficiaries were written in the Trust Deed, including (i) charities (which refers to any company, body or
      trust which is (a) charitable in the place where it is situated, registered, incorporated or established and (b)
      charitable under the laws of the Cayman Islands) and (ii) any person or class of persons added to the class of
      beneficiaries by the protector by deed delivered to the trustee. As of the date of this annual report, no charity
      has been identified as the beneficiary and no other person or class of persons has been added by Mr. Li as the
      protector to the class of beneficiaries. Therefore, Mr. Li has the sole control over the voting rights attached
      to the shares, including Class C ordinary shares, held by NIO Users Limited and Mr. Li is the only person with
      economic interest in the trust fund.




296   NIO Inc.
                                                                          ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


Any changes to the roles of the (i) protector, (ii) investment advisor or (iii) beneficiary of NIO Users Trust will
have material impact on our WVR structure due to the power entrusted to them (in the case of the investment
advisor and the protector) or the economic interests vested in them (in the case of the beneficiary) in the Class
C ordinary shares held by NIO Users Limited. Upon the change of any of such roles to any person other than Mr.
Bin Li, the beneficial ownership of, or the economic interest in, the Class C ordinary shares or the control over
the voting rights attached to the shares held by NIO Users Limited will no longer be solely vested in Mr. Bin Li.
Mr. Bin Li may cease to be a protector or investment advisor in the event of death, resignation by written notice
to the trustee, or refusal, unfitness or incapacity to act. In such circumstances, the Class C ordinary shares held
by NIO Users Limited will be automatically converted to Class A ordinary shares pursuant to Rule 8A.18(1) of the
Hong Kong Listing Rules.


During the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, there has been no material
change to the powers, rights and obligations of the (i) protector, (ii) investment advisor, or (iii) beneficiary of NIO
Users Trust that would have any material impact on our WVR structure.


Nominating and ESG Committee

The applicable requirements in relation to corporate governance as set out in Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong
Listing Rules became applicable to us since March 10, 2022, the date on which listing of and dealings in our
Class A ordinary shares first commenced on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


We have established the Nominating and ESG Committee in compliance with Rules 8A.27, 8A.28 and 8A.30
of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. All of the members of the Nominating and ESG Committee are independent
directors, namely, Ms. Yu Long, Mr. Denny Ting Bun Lee and Mr. Hai Wu. Ms. Yu Long is the chairwoman of the
Nominating and ESG Committee.


The following is a summary of work that has been performed by the Nominating and ESG Committee during the
year ended December 31, 2023 in respect of its corporate governance functions as well as other functions under
its terms of reference:


•      Made recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitored the functioning
       of the committees of the board.


•      Reviewed and monitored the adequacy of the policies and practices of our company on corporate
       governance and on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.


•      Reviewed our company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the
       Hong Kong Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) to the extent required by Chapter 8A of the
       Hong Kong Listing Rules and our company’s disclosure for compliance with Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong
       Listing Rules.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023       297
      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


      •      Reviewed and monitored the management of conflicts of interest between our company and its
             subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities (the “Group”), or the shareholders on one hand and the
             WVR Beneficiary on the other.


      •      Reviewed and monitored all risks related to the WVR structure, including any connected transactions
             between the Group on one hand and any WVR Beneficiary on the other, and made recommendation to the
             board on any such transaction.


      •      Reviewed the arrangements for the training and continuous professional development of directors and
             senior management (in particular, Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and knowledge in relation
             to the risks relating to the weighted voting rights structure).


      •      Reviewed the written confirmation provided by the WVR Beneficiary, Mr. Bin Li, that (i) he has been a
             member of the board throughout the year ended December 31, 2023 and that no matters under Rule
             8A.17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules have occurred during the year, and (ii) he has complied with Rules
             8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.18 and 8A.24 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules throughout the year ended December 31,
             2023.


      •      Sought to ensure effective and ongoing communication between our company and its shareholders,
             particularly with regard to the requirements of Rule 8A.35 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


      •      Reviewed the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
             board as a whole.


      •      Identified and interviewed individuals suitably qualified to become board members and select or make
             recommendations to the board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships.


      •      Assessed the independence of independent directors.


      •      Made recommendations to the board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and succession
             planning for directors.


      •      Review committee assignments and the policy on the rotation of committee memberships and/or
             chairpersonships.


      •      Reported on the work of the Nominating and ESG Committee on at least a half-yearly and annual basis
             covering areas of its terms of reference.




298   NIO Inc.
                                                                      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


•     Advised the board periodically with respect to significant developments in the law and practice of
      corporate governance as well as our company’s compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and
      made recommendations to the board on all matters of corporate governance and on any corrective action
      to be taken.


•     Evaluated the performance of the Nominating and ESG Committee by: (i) reviewing whether the
      committee charter appropriately addresses the matters that are or should be within the work scope of
      the Nominating and ESG Committee; and (ii) address matters that the Nominating and ESG Committee
      considers relevant to its performance.


•     Received reports on emerging environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters and, in conjunction
      with management, considered how these might impact our company’s ESG strategies, objectives or
      targets.


•     Reviewed the ESG report and discussed ESG related outcomes with management, and presented the
      ESG report to the board for approval.


The directors confirm that our company has, throughout the year ended December 31, 2023, complied with the
Corporate Governance Code to the extent required by Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


In particular, the Nominating and ESG Committee has confirmed to the board it is of the view that our company
has adopted sufficient corporate governance measures to manage the potential conflict of interest between
our Group or shareholder on one hand and WVR Beneficiary on the other, in order to ensure that the operations
and management of our company are in the interests of the shareholders as a whole indiscriminately. These
measures include the Nominating and ESG Committee (i) reviewing and monitoring transactions contemplated
to be entered into by the Group and making a recommendation to the board on any matter where there is a
potential conflict of interest, and (ii) ensuring that (a) any transactions between our Group and WVR Beneficiary
are disclosed and dealt with in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules applicable
to us, (b) the terms of transactions between our Group and WVR Beneficiary are fair and reasonable and in the
interest of our company and shareholders as a whole, (c) any directors who have a conflict of interest abstain
from voting on the relevant board resolution, and (d) the compliance advisor is consulted on any matters related
to transactions between our Group and the WVR Beneficiary or involving a potential conflict of interest. The
Nominating and ESG Committee recommended the board continue the implementation of these measures and
periodically review their efficacy towards these objectives.


Having reviewed the remuneration and terms of engagement of the compliance advisor, the Nominating and
ESG Committee confirmed to the board that it was not aware of any factors that would require it to consider
either the removal of the current compliance advisor or the appointment of a new compliance advisor. As a
result, the Nominating and ESG Committee recommended that the board retain the services of the compliance
advisor.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023     299
      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


      Miscellaneous

      Shareholders’ protection during the period while our company maintains its secondary listing status on the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange

      In the thirteenth amended and restated articles of association of our company (the “Thirteenth Amended and
      Restated Articles”), we refer to the period commencing from the date on which any of our shares first become
      secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to and including the date immediately before the day which
      the secondary listing is withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as the relevant period (the “Relevant
      Period”).


      During the Relevant Period:


      (i)     NIO Users Trust will not have any director nomination right;


      (ii)    we shall have only one class of shares with enhanced or weighted voting rights;


      (iii)   our directors shall not have the power to, amongst others, authorize the division of shares, designate a
              new share class with enhanced voting rights or the issue of preferred shares; and


      (iv)    certain restrictions on the WVR structure of our company under Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong Listing
              Rules shall be applicable, such as, amongst others, no further increase in the proportion of Class C
              ordinary shares to the total number of shares in issue, and only a director or a director holding vehicle is
              permitted to hold Class C ordinary shares and automatic conversion of Class C ordinary shares into Class
              A ordinary shares under certain circumstances.


      Notwithstanding the above and at any time after the Relevant Period, the provisions which are subject to the
      Relevant Period will continue to apply in the circumstances where our company has a change of listing status on
      the Hong Kong Stock Exchange other than in the case where the secondary listing of our company is withdrawn
      from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (referred to in scenario (a) below) pursuant to the applicable Hong Kong
      Listing Rules.


      Given certain shareholder protection under the Hong Kong Listing Rules will only be applicable during the
      Relevant Period, shareholders may be afforded less protection after the Relevant Period as compared with
      other companies secondary listed in Hong Kong. In particular, Rules 8A.07, 8A.09, 8A.13, 8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.16,
      8A.17, 8A.18, 8A.19, 8A.21, 8A.22, 8A.23 and 8A.24 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules will be rendered no longer
      applicable after the Relevant Period pursuant to the Thirteenth Amended and Restated Articles. Furthermore,
      after the Relevant Period, (i) NIO Users Trust shall be entitled to nominate one director to the board; and (ii) in
      the event that Mr. Bin Li is not an incumbent director and the board is composed of no less than six directors,
      NIO Users Trust shall be entitled to nominate one extra director to the board. In addition, after the Relevant
      Period, our directors will also have the power to, amongst others, authorize the division of shares, designate a
      new share class with enhanced voting rights, or issue preferred shares. Prospective investors are advised to be
      aware of the potential risks involved in any potential change of listing venue. For instance, if our shares are no
      longer traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, investors may lose the shareholder protection mechanisms
      afforded under the relevant Hong Kong Listing Rules.




300   NIO Inc.
                                                                        ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


Our company may only cease to be secondary listed under Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules under
one of the following situations:


(a)     withdrawal, in the case where we are primary listed on another stock exchange and voluntarily withdraw
        its secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;


(b)     migration of the majority of trading to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets, in the case where
        the majority of trading in our listed shares migrates to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets on a
        permanent basis;


(c)     primary conversion, i.e., a voluntary conversion by our company to a dual-primary listing on the Hong
        Kong Stock Exchange;


(d)     overseas delisting, where the shares or depositary receipts issued on our shares cease to be listed on the
        stock exchange which it is primary listed;


(e)     if the Hong Kong Stock Exchange cancels the listing of our securities; and


(f)     if the SFC directs the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to cancel the listing of our securities.


The scenarios under which we may cease to be secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are subject
to the changing market conditions, our listing or delisting in other jurisdictions, our compliance with the Hong
Kong Listing Rules and other factors beyond our control. As a result, there are substantial uncertainties relating
to applicability of the shareholders’ rights and protection under the aforementioned provisions of the Thirteenth
Amended and Restated Articles, particularly in the case where we delist from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


Appointment of directors

Our company has appointed three directors during the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of
this annual report. On November 13, 2023, Mr. Yonggang Wen was appointed as an independent director of
our company. On February 7, 2024, Mr. Eddy Georges Skaf and Mr. Nicholas Paul Collins were appointed as
directors of our company, while Mr. James Gordon Mitchell resigned as a director of our company on the same
date.


Prior to his appointment becoming effective, Mr. Yonggang Wen confirmed that (i) he fully understood the
obligations, duties and responsibilities of an independent director of a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange; and (ii) he had read the directors’ training materials prepared by the Hong Kong legal adviser of our
company. He also undertook to comply with such obligations, duties and responsibilities under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules, and other applicable laws and provisions relating to securities as an independent director of our
company.


Each of Mr. Eddy Georges Skaf and Mr. Nicholas Paul Collins confirmed that he (i) obtained the legal advice
referred to under Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules on February 7, 2024 prior to his appointment
becoming effective; and (ii) understood his obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023     301
      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


      Confirmation as to the independence of the independent directors

      Our company has received from each of the independent directors an annual confirmation in writing of his or
      her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, our company considers that,
      as of the date of this annual report, all of our independent directors are independent.


      Directors’ interests in competing business

      Save as disclosed in this annual report and except for the interests in our Group, during the year ended
      December 31, 2023, none of our directors had any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete,
      either directly or indirectly, with the Group’s business that would give rise to any material competition issue
      under Rule 8.10(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


      From time to time, our directors who serve in non-executive capacity on our board may also hold positions on
      the boards of private and/or public companies within the broader electric vehicle industries. However, given
      that these directors are neither our controlling shareholders nor members of our executive management team,
      we do not believe that their interests in such companies as directors would compromise our ability of carrying
      on our business independently from the other companies in which they may hold directorships from time to
      time.




302   NIO Inc.
                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Shareholders of NIO Inc.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
What we have audited

The consolidated financial statements of NIO Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are
set out on pages 308 to 407, comprise:


•      the consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2023;


•      the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the year then ended;


•      the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity for the year then ended;


•      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and
       other explanatory information.


Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at December 31, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.


Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards
Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the IESBA Code.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023     303
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
      of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
      our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
      not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

      Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to accrual of warranty liabilities.

      Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
      Accrual of warranty liabilities                              Our procedures performed in relation to the accrual of
                                                                   warranty liabilities mainly included the following:
      Refer to Notes 2(p), 12 and 14 to the consolidated
      financial statements.                              •                we understood, evaluated and tested the relevant
                                                                          key controls relating to management’s estimate
      For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group accrued             of the accrual of warranty liabilities, including
      warranty costs of RMB1,222.9 million. As of December                the nature, frequency and costs of future claims
      31, 2023, the Group recorded warranty liabilities of                as well as controls over the completeness and
      RMB3,912.2 million.                                                 accuracy of management’s data used;

      The accounting for accrual of warranty liabilities •                We assessed the inherent risk of material
      involves management’s judgements and estimates in                   misstatement by considering the degree of
      consideration of the following:                                     estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent
                                                                          risk factors such as complexity, subjectivity,
      •      assumptions related to the nature and frequency              changes and susceptibility to management bias
             of future claims; and                                        or fraud;

      •      estimates of the projected costs to repair or •              we evaluated, with the assistance of our
             replace items under warranty.                                internal professionals with specialized skill and
                                                                          knowledge, the appropriateness of the model
      We focused on this area as it involves significant                  applied by the management for the accrual of
      estimations and judgements by management, and thus                  warranty liabilities;
      significant auditor judgment and effort were devoted
      in designing and performing procedures relating to •                we evaluated the reasonableness of significant
      evaluating the reasonableness of management’s estimate              assumptions related to the nature and frequency
      of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims.                of future claims and the related projected
                                                                          costs to repair or replace items under warranty,
                                                                          considering current and past performance,
                                                                          including a lookback analysis comparing prior
                                                                          period forecasted claims to actual claims
                                                                          incurred;

                                                                   •      we tested, on a sample basis, the completeness,
                                                                          accuracy and relevance of management’s data
                                                                          used in the estimation of future claims;

                                                                   •      we developed, with the assistance of our
                                                                          internal professionals with specialized skill and
                                                                          knowledge, an independent estimate of the
                                                                          accrual of warranty liabilities and compared this
                                                                          estimate to management’s estimate to evaluate
                                                                          its reasonableness.

                                                                   Based on our audit procedures, we found the estimates
                                                                   and judgements adopted by management in determining
                                                                   accrual of warranty liabilities are supported by available
                                                                   evidence.



304   NIO Inc.
                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all
of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and for such internal control as the directors determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are required to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern for one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are available to
be issued.


The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   305
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
      a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
      that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
      assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
      assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
      will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
      are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
      economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
      intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.


      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.


      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
      cast substantial doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
      are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
      conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.




306   NIO Inc.
                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Jack Li.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, April 9, 2024




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      307
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)



                                                                                 As of December 31,

                                                                             2022          2023            2023

                                                                             RMB            RMB             USD
                                                                                                       Note 2(e)

      ASSETS
         Current assets:
           Cash and cash equivalents                                    19,887,575    32,935,111       4,638,813
           Restricted cash                                               3,154,240     5,542,271        780,613
           Short-term investments                                       19,171,017    16,810,107       2,367,654
           Trade and notes receivables, net (Allowance for
                 expected credit losses of RMB39.6 million and
                 RMB46.2 million, respectively)                          5,118,170     4,657,652        656,017
           Amounts due from related parties, net (Allowance for
                 expected credit losses of RMB6.7 million and
                 RMB8.8 million, respectively)                           1,380,956     1,722,603        242,624
           Inventory                                                     8,191,386     5,277,726        743,352
           Prepayments and other current assets, net
                 (Allowance for expected credit losses of
                 RMB4.0 million and RMB5.4 million, respectively)        2,246,408     3,434,763        483,776
         Total current assets                                           59,149,752    70,380,233       9,912,849
         Non-current assets:
           Long-term restricted cash                                      113,478        144,125         20,300
           Property, plant and equipment, net                           15,658,666    24,847,004       3,499,627
           Intangible assets, net                                               –         29,648           4,176
           Land use rights, net                                           212,603        207,299         29,197
           Long-term investments                                         6,356,411     5,487,216        772,858
           Right-of-use assets – operating lease                         7,374,456    11,404,116       1,606,236
           Other non-current assets, net (Allowance for
                 expected credit losses of RMB89.6 million and
                 RMB53.4 million, respectively)                          7,398,559     4,883,561        687,835
         Total non-current assets                                       37,114,173    47,002,969       6,620,229
      Total assets                                                      96,263,925   117,383,202      16,533,078

      LIABILITIES
         Current liabilities:
           Short-term borrowings                                         4,039,210     5,085,411        716,265
           Trade and notes payable                                      25,223,687    29,766,134       4,192,472
           Amounts due to related parties                                 384,611        561,625         79,103
           Taxes payable                                                  286,300        349,349         49,205
           Current portion of operating lease liabilities                1,025,968     1,743,156        245,518
           Current portion of long-term borrowings                       1,237,916     4,736,087        667,064
           Accruals and other liabilities                               13,654,362    15,556,354       2,191,067
         Total current liabilities                                      45,852,054    57,798,116       8,140,694




308   NIO Inc.
                                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                              As of December 31,

                                                                        2022                2023                 2023

                                                                        RMB                  RMB                  USD
                                                                                                            Note 2(e)

  Non-current liabilities:
     Long-term borrowings                                        10,885,799          13,042,861            1,837,049
     Non-current operating lease liabilities                      6,517,096          10,070,057            1,418,338
     Deferred tax liabilities                                       218,189              212,347               29,908
     Other non-current liabilities                                5,144,027           6,663,805              938,578
  Total non-current liabilities                                  22,765,111          29,989,070            4,223,873
Total liabilities                                                68,617,165          87,787,186          12,364,567
Commitments and contingencies (Note 28)

MEZZANINE EQUITY
Redeemable non-controlling interests                              3,557,221           3,860,384              543,724
Total mezzanine equity                                            3,557,221           3,860,384              543,724
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
  Class A Ordinary Shares (US$0.00025 par value;
     2,632,030,222 and 2,632,030,222 shares authorized;
     1,531,720,892 and 1,925,022,118 shares issued;
     1,513,659,868 and 1,906,961,094 shares outstanding
     as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively)                   2,668                3,368                 474
  Class C Ordinary Shares (US$0.00025 par value;
     148,500,000 shares authorized, issued and
     outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2023)                       254                  254                   36
  Less: Treasury shares (18,061,024 shares as of
     December 31, 2022 and 2023)                                 (1,849,600)         (1,849,600)            (260,511)
  Additional paid in capital                                     94,593,062        117,717,254           16,580,128
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                          1,036,011              432,991               60,986
  Accumulated deficit                                           (69,914,230)        (90,758,034)        (12,783,002)
Total NIO Inc. shareholders’ equity                              23,868,165          25,546,233            3,598,111
Non-controlling interests                                           221,374              189,399               26,676
Total shareholders’ equity                                       24,089,539          25,735,632            3,624,787
Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and shareholders’ equity     96,263,925        117,383,202           16,533,078


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         309
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)



                                                                                       For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                              2021              2022           2023           2023

                                                                              RMB               RMB            RMB             USD
                                                                                                                          Note 2(e)

      Revenue:
        Vehicle sales                                                   33,169,740         45,506,581    49,257,270      6,937,741
        Other sales                                                      2,966,683          3,761,980      6,360,663       895,881
      Total revenues                                                    36,136,423         49,268,561    55,617,933      7,833,622
      Cost of sales:
        Vehicle sales                                                   (26,516,643)      (39,271,801)   (44,587,572)    (6,280,028)
        Other sales                                                      (2,798,347)       (4,852,767)    (7,978,565)    (1,123,757)
      Total cost of sales                                               (29,314,990)      (44,124,568)   (52,566,137)    (7,403,785)
      Gross profit                                                       6,821,433          5,143,993      3,051,796       429,837
      Operating expenses:
        Research and development                                         (4,591,852)      (10,836,261)   (13,431,399)    (1,891,773)
        Selling, general and administrative                              (6,878,132)      (10,537,119)   (12,884,556)    (1,814,752)
        Other operating income                                             152,248           588,728        608,975         85,772
      Total operating expenses                                          (11,317,736)      (20,784,652)   (25,706,980)    (3,620,753)
      Loss from operations                                               (4,496,303)      (15,640,659)   (22,655,184)    (3,190,916)
        Interest and investment income                                     911,833          1,358,719      2,210,018       311,275
        Interest expenses                                                 (637,410)          (333,216)      (403,530)       (56,836)
        Gain on extinguishment of debt                                            –          138,332        170,193         23,971
        Share of income of equity investees                                 62,510           377,775         64,394          9,070
        Other income/(loss), net                                           184,686           (282,952)      155,191         21,858
      Loss before income tax expense                                     (3,974,684)      (14,382,001)   (20,458,918)    (2,881,578)
        Income tax expense                                                  (42,265)          (55,103)      (260,835)       (36,738)
      Net loss                                                           (4,016,949)      (14,437,104)   (20,719,753)    (2,918,316)
      Accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests
        to redemption value                                              (6,586,579)         (279,355)      (303,163)       (42,700)
      Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests                    31,219           157,014        (124,051)       (17,472)
      Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
        of NIO Inc.                                                     (10,572,309)      (14,559,445)   (21,146,967)    (2,978,488)
      Net loss                                                           (4,016,949)      (14,437,104)   (20,719,753)    (2,918,316)
      Other comprehensive income/(loss)
      Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to
        available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax                      24,224           746,336        (770,560)     (108,531)
      Foreign currency translation adjustment,
        net of nil tax                                                    (230,345)          717,274         11,514          1,622
      Total other comprehensive (loss)/income                             (206,121)         1,463,610       (759,046)     (106,909)




310   NIO Inc.
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
                                                                    (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                               For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                      2021              2022             2023              2023

                                                                      RMB               RMB               RMB               USD
                                                                                                                       Note 2(e)

Total comprehensive loss                                         (4,223,070)      (12,973,494)    (21,478,799)       (3,025,225)
Accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests
  to redemption value                                            (6,586,579)         (279,355)       (303,163)           (42,700)
Net loss/(profit) attributable to non-controlling interests         31,219           157,014         (124,051)           (17,472)
Other comprehensive (income)/loss attributable to
  non-controlling interests                                          (4,727)         (151,299)        156,026            21,976
Comprehensive loss attributable to ordinary
  shareholders of NIO Inc                                       (10,783,157)      (13,247,134)    (21,749,987)       (3,063,421)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used
  in computing net loss per share
  Basic and diluted                                           1,572,702,112 1,636,999,280 1,700,203,886 1,700,203,886
Net loss per share attributable to ordinary
  shareholders
  Basic and diluted                                                   (6.72)            (8.89)          (12.44)            (1.75)
Weighted average number of ADS used in
  computing net loss per ADS
  Basic and diluted                                           1,572,702,112 1,636,999,280 1,700,203,886 1,700,203,886
Net loss per ADS attributable to ordinary
  shareholders
  Basic and diluted                                                   (6.72)            (8.89)          (12.44)            (1.75)


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023         311
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                                                                                      Accumulated
                                                                                                                        Additional          Other                         Total         Non-
                                                               Ordinary Shares                 Treasury Shares             Paid in Comprehensive     Accumulated Shareholders’     Controlling        Total
                                                             Shares        Par value         Shares          Amount        Capital           Loss          Deficit       Equity      Interests       Equity

      Balance as of December 31, 2020                  1,529,031,103             2,679    (2,491,715)              –    78,880,014        (65,452)    (51,648,410)   27,168,831         2,125    27,170,956
      Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
        interests to redemption value                              –                –              –               –    (6,586,579)             –               –    (6,586,579)            –    (6,586,579)
      Settlement of capped call options and
        zero strike call options (Note 13(ii))                     –                –    (16,402,643)     (1,849,600)    1,849,600              –               –             –             –             –
      Conversion of convertible senior notes to
        ordinary shares – related parties                 7,219,872                12              –               –      148,381               –               –      148,393              –      148,393
      Conversion of convertible senior notes to
        ordinary shares -third party                     62,508,996               101              –               –     4,199,718              –               –     4,199,819             –     4,199,819
      Capital injection from non-controlling
        interests                                                  –                –              –               –             –              –               –             –      100,000       100,000
      Shareholder’s contribution (Note 9)                          –                –              –               –       18,535               –               –       18,535              –       18,535
      Issuance of ordinary shares                        53,292,401                85              –               –    12,677,469              –               –    12,677,554             –    12,677,554
      Exercise of share options                           8,891,011                14       228,037                –      120,925               –               –      120,939              –      120,939
      Share based compensation of the
        restricted shares                                   842,742                 1              –               –      457,985               –               –      457,986              –      457,986
      Issuance of restricted shares (Note 24(a)(ii))        549,376                 –              –               –      148,869               –               –      148,869              –      148,869
      Share based compensation of the
        share options                                              –                –              –               –      552,155               –               –      552,155              –      552,155
      Cancellation of restricted shares                     (586,068)               –       586,068                –             –              –               –             –             –             –
      Foreign currency translation adjustment                      –                –              –               –             –       (230,345)              –      (230,345)            –      (230,345)
      Change in fair value of available-for-sale
        debt securities (Note 9)                                   –                –              –               –             –         19,497               –       19,497          4,727       24,224
      Net loss                                                     –                –              –               –             –              –      (3,985,730)   (3,985,730)      (31,219)   (4,016,949)
      Balance as of December 31, 2021                  1,661,749,433             2,892   (18,080,253)     (1,849,600)   92,467,072       (276,300)    (55,634,140)   34,709,924        75,633    34,785,557




312   NIO Inc.
                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                                                                                                              (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                                                                            Accumulated
                                                                                                               Additional          Other                          Total         Non-
                                                     Ordinary Shares                 Treasury Shares              Paid in Comprehensive     Accumulated Shareholders’      Controlling         Total
                                                   Shares        Par value         Shares          Amount         Capital   (Loss)/Income         Deficit        Equity      Interests        Equity

Balance as of December 31, 2021              1,661,749,433             2,892   (18,080,253)     (1,849,600)   92,467,072        (276,300)    (55,634,140)   34,709,924         75,633    34,785,557
Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
  interests to redemption value                         –                 –              –               –      (279,355)              –               –      (279,355)             –      (279,355)
Conversion of convertible senior notes to
  ordinary shares – related parties             8,805,770                15              –               –       207,457               –               –       207,472              –       207,472
Conversion of convertible senior notes to
  ordinary shares – third party                   172,631                 –              –               –        10,450               –               –        10,450              –        10,450
Distributions to non-controlling interests              –                 –              –               –             –               –               –              –       (32,629)       (32,629)
Transactions with non-controlling
  interests (Note 23)                                   –                 –              –               –      (184,085)              –               –      (184,085)      184,085               –
Exercise of share options                       4,514,461                 7        19,229                –        75,627               –               –        75,634              –        75,634
Share based compensation of the
  restricted shares                             4,978,597                 8              –               –     1,863,412               –               –     1,863,420              –     1,863,420
Share based compensation of the share
  options                                               –                 –              –               –       432,484               –               –       432,484              –       432,484
Foreign currency translation adjustment                 –                 –              –               –             –         717,274               –       717,274              –       717,274
Change in fair value of available-for-sale
  debt securities (Note 9)                              –                 –              –               –             –         595,037               –       595,037       151,299        746,336
Net loss                                                –                 –              –               –             –               –     (14,280,090)   (14,280,090)     (157,014)   (14,437,104)
Balance as of December 31, 2022              1,680,220,892             2,922   (18,061,024)     (1,849,600)   94,593,062       1,036,011     (69,914,230)   23,868,165       221,374     24,089,539




                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023                 313
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                                                  Additional           Other                            Total          Non-
                                                        Ordinary Shares                 Treasury Shares              Paid in    Comprehensive Accumulated       Shareholders’    Controlling         Total
                                                      Shares        Par value         Shares         Amount          Capital          Income         Deficit           Equity      Interests        Equity

      Balance as of December 31, 2022           1,680,220,892             2,922   (18,061,024)     (1,849,600)    94,593,062        1,036,011    (69,914,230)     23,868,165        221,374    24,089,539
      Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
        interests to redemption value                      –                 –             –               –        (303,163)               –             –         (303,163)             –      (303,163)
      Issuance of ordinary shares                378,695,543               674              –              –      20,961,615                –              –      20,962,289              –    20,962,289
      Exercise of share options                    4,242,054                 8              –              –         96,699                 –              –          96,707              –        96,707
      Share based compensation of the
        restricted shares                         10,363,629                18              –              –       2,089,401                –              –       2,089,419              –     2,089,419
      Share based compensation of the
        share options                                      –                 –              –              –        279,640                 –              –         279,640              –       279,640
      Foreign currency translation adjustment              –                 –              –              –               –          11,514               –          11,514              –        11,514
      Recycling of unrealized gain of
        available-for-sale debt security
        (Note 9)                                           –                 –              –              –               –         (614,534)             –        (614,534)      (156,026)     (770,560)
      Net loss                                             –                 –              –              –               –                –    (20,843,804)     (20,843,804)      124,051    (20,719,753)
      Balance as of December 31, 2023           2,073,522,118             3,622   (18,061,024)     (1,849,600)   117,717,254         432,991     (90,758,034)     25,546,233        189,399    25,735,632


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




314   NIO Inc.
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)



                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                           2021              2022              2023              2023
                                                           RMB               RMB               RMB                USD

                                                                                                            Note 2(e)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net loss                                            (4,016,949)     (14,437,104)     (20,719,753)       (2,918,316)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
    provided by/(used in) operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                     1,708,019         2,852,315        3,377,977            475,778
    Expected credit loss expense/(reversal)              54,332            48,707           (26,315)            (3,706)
    Inventory write-downs                                 1,105           148,729            65,362             9,206
    Impairment on long-term assets                             –           35,011                  –                 –
    Foreign exchange loss/(gain)                         10,111           282,888           (55,458)            (7,811)
    Share-based compensation expenses                 1,010,140         2,295,896        2,369,041            333,672
    Investment income                                  (105,608)         (174,854)         (969,134)         (136,500)
    Gain on extinguishment of debt                             –         (138,332)         (170,193)          (23,971)
    Share of income of equity investees, net of tax      (62,510)        (377,775)          (64,394)            (9,070)
    Amortization of right-of-use assets                 643,895         1,141,740        1,529,464            215,420
    Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and
      equipment                                          31,107            12,807             (4,473)             (630)
    Deferred income tax expense                          25,199           192,990           200,892            28,295
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
    Prepayments and other current assets                 (38,908)      (1,239,921)          279,387            39,351
    Inventory                                          (990,550)       (6,257,514)       2,895,477            407,819
    Other non-current assets                          (3,705,762)      (1,849,518)       2,600,019            366,205
    Amounts due from related parties                  (1,444,122)         167,692          (329,704)          (46,438)
    Operating lease liabilities                        (748,799)       (1,016,571)      (1,255,825)          (176,879)
    Taxes payable                                       446,984          (341,592)           61,014             8,594
    Trade and notes receivable                        (1,717,747)      (2,303,364)          453,382            63,858
    Trade and notes payable                           6,260,311        11,650,850        4,870,777            686,035
    Accruals and other liabilities                    2,485,101         4,119,375        1,827,860            257,449
    Amounts due to related parties                      342,597          (299,339)          177,264            24,967
    Other non-current liabilities                     1,778,440         1,620,876        1,505,787            212,085
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities   1,966,386        (3,866,008)      (1,381,546)          (194,587)




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         315
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                                       For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                               2021             2022           2023           2023
                                                                               RMB              RMB            RMB             USD

                                                                                                                          Note 2(e)

      CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
        Purchase of property, plant and equipment,
           land use rights and intangible assets                          (4,078,764)      (6,972,854)   (14,340,771)    (2,019,855)
        Proceeds from disposal of property,
           plant and equipment                                                 1,126            3,622        73,064         10,290
        Purchase of short-term investments                              (134,316,219)     (87,631,686)   (43,899,109)    (6,183,060)
        Proceeds from maturities of short-term
           investments                                                  101,121,723      106,658,218     47,753,555      6,725,948
        Purchase of available-for-sale debt investment                      (650,000)        (120,000)            –              –
        Proceeds from disposal of available-for-sale
           debt investment                                                         –         270,000              –              –
        Acquisitions of equity investees                                    (592,570)        (279,043)     (421,729)        (59,399)
        Proceeds from disposal of equity investees                                 –         286,760               –             –
        Withdrawal of long-term investment                                         –                –        10,750          1,514
        Purchase of held to maturity debt investments                     (1,300,000)      (1,830,000)       (35,000)        (4,930)
        Purchase of retained asset-backed securities                               –                –        (43,000)        (6,056)
        Proceeds from maturities of retained
           asset-backed securities                                                 –                –        16,865          2,375
        Loan repayment from related parties                                  50,000                 –              –             –
      Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities                (39,764,704)      10,385,017    (10,885,375)    (1,533,173)
      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
        Proceeds from exercise of stock options                             144,562            78,726        86,820         12,228
        Capital withdrawal by non-controlling interests                       (1,000)          (3,250)          (250)           (35)
        Distributions to non-controlling interests                                 –          (32,629)            –              –
        Capital injection from non-controlling interests                    100,000                 –             –              –
        Redemption and repurchase of redeemable
           non-controlling interests                                      (8,000,000)               –             –              –
        Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes                 9,560,755                –     8,120,765      1,143,786
        Repurchase of convertible senior notes                                     –       (1,202,365)    (3,387,648)     (477,140)
        Proceeds from borrowings from third parties                        6,112,000        6,918,564     8,014,434      1,128,809
        Repayments of borrowings from third parties                       (2,432,255)      (7,347,941)    (6,096,018)     (858,606)
        Principal payments on finance leases                                 (32,873)         (27,489)       (37,511)        (5,283)
        Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares,
           net of issuance costs                                         12,677,554                 –    20,962,289      2,952,477
      Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                18,128,743        (1,616,384)   27,662,881      3,896,236
      Effects of exchange rate changes on cash,
        cash equivalents and restricted cash                                (500,959)        (121,896)       70,254          9,895




316   NIO Inc.
                                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                            2021              2022              2023              2023
                                                            RMB               RMB               RMB                USD

                                                                                                             Note 2(e)

NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH, CASH
  EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH                     (20,170,534)       4,780,729       15,466,214         2,178,371
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
    beginning of the year                             38,545,098        18,374,564       23,155,293         3,261,355
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
    end of the year                                   18,374,564        23,155,293       38,621,507         5,439,726
NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Accruals related to purchase of property,
    plant and equipment                                1,458,767         4,172,758        4,445,749            626,171
  Issuance of restricted shares                          148,869                  –                 –                 –
  Conversion of convertible senior notes to
    ordinary shares                                    4,348,212           217,922                  –                 –
  Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
    interests to redemption value                      6,586,579           279,355           303,163            42,700
  Settlement of capped call options and zero strike
    call options (Note 13(ii))                         1,849,600                  –                 –                 –
  Shareholder’s contribution (Note 9)                     18,535                  –                 –                 –
Supplemental Disclosure
  Interest paid                                          218,830           274,347           285,479            40,209
  Income taxes paid                                         6,007           77,187            35,975             5,067


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         317
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)



      1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS
          NIO Inc. (“NIO”, or the “Company”) was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands in November 2014,
          as an exempted company with limited liability. The Company was formerly known as NextCar Inc. It changed
          its name to NextEV Inc. in December 2014, and then changed to NIO Inc. in July 2017. The Company, its
          subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities (the “VIEs”) are collectively referred to as the “Group”.

          The Group designs and develops electric vehicles and jointly manufactures its vehicles through strategic
          collaboration with other Chinese vehicle manufacturers during the reporting periods. The Group also offers
          power solutions and comprehensive value-added services to its users. As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s
          primary operations are conducted in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and the Company’s principal
          subsidiaries and VIEs are as follows:

                                                                                  Equity       Place and Date of incorporation
          Subsidiaries                                                         interest held   or date of acquisition          Principal activities
          Nio Nextev Limited (“NIO HK”) (formerly known as Nextev Limited)        100%         Hong Kong, February 2015         Investment holding
          NIO GmbH (formerly known as NextEV GmbH)                                100%         Germany, May 2015                Design and technology development
          NIO Co., Ltd. (“NIO SH”) (formerly known as NextEV Co., Ltd.)           100%         Shanghai, PRC, May 2015          Headquarter and technology development
          NIO USA, Inc. (“NIO US”) (formerly known as NextEV USA, Inc.)           100%         United States, November 2015     Technology development
          XPT Limited (“XPT”)                                                     100%         Hong Kong, December 2015         Investment holding
          XPT (Jiangsu) Investment Co., Ltd. (“XPT Jiangsu”)                      100%         Jiangsu, PRC, May 2016           Investment holding
          Shanghai XPT Technology Limited                                         100%         Shanghai, PRC, May 2016          Technology development
          XPT (Nanjing) E-Powertrain Technology Co., Ltd. (“XPT NJEP”)            100%         Nanjing, PRC, July 2016          Manufacturing of E-Powertrain
          XPT (Nanjing) Energy Storage System Co., Ltd. (“XPT NJES”)              100%         Nanjing, PRC, October 2016       Manufacturing of battery
          NIO Power Express Limited (“PE HK)                                      100%         Hong Kong, January 2017          Investment holding
          NIO User Enterprise Limited (“UE HK”)                                   100%         Hong Kong, February 2017         Investment holding
          NIO Sales and Services Co., Ltd. (“UE CNHC”) (formerly known as         100%         Shanghai, PRC, March 2017        Investment holding and sales and after sales
             Shanghai NIO Sales and Service Co., Ltd.)                                                                             management
          NIO Energy Investment (Hubei) Co., Ltd. (“PE CNHC”)                     100%         Wuhan PRC, April 2017            Investment holding
          Wuhan NIO Energy Co., Ltd. (“PE WHJV”)                                  100%         Wuhan, PRC, May 2017             Investment holding
          NIO Holding Co., Ltd. (“NIO China”) (formerly known as NIO (Anhui)      100%         Anhui, PRC, November 2017        Headquarter and technology development
             Holding Co., Ltd.) (Note (a))
          XPT (Jiangsu) Automotive Technology Co., Ltd. (“XPT AUTO”)              100%         Nanjing, PRC, May 2018           Investment holding
          NIO Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (“NIO Leasing”)                         100%         Shanghai, PRC, August 2018       Financial Leasing
          NIO (Anhui) Co., Ltd. (“NIO AH”)                                        100%         Anhui, PRC, August 2020          Industrialization and technology
                                                                                                                                   development
          NIO Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd. (“NIO R&D”)                            100%         Anhui, PRC, August 2020          Design and technology development
          New Horizon B.V.                                                        100%         Netherlands, November 2022       Investment holding
          NIO Nextev Europe Holding B.V.(“NIO NL”)                                100%         Netherlands, December 2020       Investment holding
          NEU Battery Asset Co., Ltd. (“BAC Cayman”)                              100%         Cayman Islands, May 2021         Investment holding
          Instant Power Europe B.V. (“BAC NL”) Co., Limited                       100%         Netherlands, June 2021           Battery Subscription Service
          NEU Battery Asset (Hong Kong) Co. Limited (“BAC HK”)                    100%         Hong Kong, July 2021             Investment holding
          NIO AI Technology Limited (“NIO AI Technology”)                        96.970%       Cayman Islands, March 2021       Investment holding
          NIO AI Technology Limited                                              96.970%       Hong Kong, May 2021              Investment holding
          Anhui NIO Autonomous Driving Technology Co., Ltd. (“Anhui NIO AD”)     96.970%       Anhui, PRC, June 2021            Technology development
          XTRONICS (Nanjing) Automotive Intelligent Technologies Co. Ltd.          50%         Nanjing, PRC, June 2017          Manufacturing of components
             (“XPT NJWL”) (Note (b))




318   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued)
                                                                                   Place and Date of incorporation
  VIE and VIE’s subsidiaries                                                       or date of acquisition

  Prime Hubs Limited (“Prime Hubs”)                                                BVI, October 2014
  Beijing NIO Network Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing NIO”)                         Beijing, PRC, July 2017
  Anhui NIO AI Technology Co., Ltd. (“Anhui NIO AT”)                               Anhui, PRC, April 2021
  Anhui NIO Data Technology Co., Ltd. (“Anhui NIO DT”)                             Anhui, PRC, October 2022
  NIO Insurance Broker Co., Ltd (“NIO IB”) (formerly known as                      Anhui, PRC, January 2023
    Huiding Insurance Broker Co., Ltd)

  Note (a) - NIO China

  As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Company held 92.114% of total paid-in capital of NIO China. In
  accordance with NIO China’s share purchase agreement, the redemption of the non-controlling interests
  is at the holders of non-controlling interests’ option and is upon the occurrence of the events that are not
  solely within the control of the Company. Therefore, these redeemable non-controlling interests in NIO
  China were classified as mezzanine equity and are subsequently accreted to the redemption price using the
  agreed interest rate as a reduction of additional paid in capital (Note 21). With the redemption feature of the
  non-controlling interests, the Company is considered to effectively have 100% equity interest of NIO China
  as of December 31, 2022 and 2023.


  Note (b) - XPT NJWL

  In accordance with the Article of Association of XPT NJWL, the Company has the power to control the
  board of directors of XPT NJWL to unilaterally govern the financial and operating policies of XPT NJWL,
  and the non-controlling shareholder does not have substantive participating rights. As a result, the Group
  consolidates XPT NJWL.


  Variable interest entities

  Prime Hubs

  In October 2014, Prime Hubs, a British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) incorporated company, was established by Li
  Bin, the shareholder of the Group, to facilitate the adoption of the Company’s employee stock incentive plans
  on behalf of the Company. The Company entered into a management agreement with Prime Hubs and Li Bin.
  The agreement enables the Company to direct the activities that most significantly impact Prime Hubs’s
  economic performance and enable the Company to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising
  from Prime Hubs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, Prime Hubs held 4,250,002 Class A Ordinary Shares
  of the Company, respectively, other than which, Prime Hubs did not have any operations, nor any material
  assets or liabilities. All restricted shares granted under the Company’s Prime Hubs Restricted Shares Plan
  have been fully vested.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023         319
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued)
          Variable interest entities (continued)

         Beijing NIO

          In April 2018, the Group entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Beijing NIO and its individual
          shareholders (the “Nominee Shareholders”), including, among others, an exclusive business cooperation
          agreement, a loan agreement, an equity pledge agreement, an exclusive call option agreement and a power
          of attorney, which enable the Company to direct the activities that most significantly impact Beijing NIO’s
          economic performance and obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising from Beijing NIO.
          Management concluded that Beijing NIO is a variable interest entity and the Company is the ultimate primary
          beneficiary of Beijing NIO and hence consolidates the financial results of Beijing NIO. The Group operates
          value-added telecommunication services, including without limitation, performing internet information
          services, as well as holding certain related licenses, through Beijing NIO. For the years ended December 31,
          2021, 2022 and 2023, the financial position, result of operations and cash flow activities of Beijing NIO were
          immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.


         Anhui NIO AT

          In April 2021, Anhui NIO AT, was established by individual shareholders (the “Nominee Shareholders”). Anhui
          NIO AD entered into a management agreement with Nominee Shareholders. The agreement enables the
          Company to direct the activities that most significantly impact Anhui NIO AT’s economic performance, and
          enabled the Company to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising from them. Management
          concluded that Anhui NIO AT is a variable interest entity and the Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary
          of Anhui NIO AT and hence consolidates the financial results of Anhui NIO AT. In November 2022, concurrent
          with the termination of the said management agreement, the Group entered into a series of contractual
          arrangements with the Nominee Shareholders as well as Anhui NIO AT, including, among others, an exclusive
          business cooperation agreement, a loan agreement, an equity pledge agreement, an exclusive call option
          agreement and a power of attorney. These agreements enable the Company to direct the activities that most
          significantly impact Anhui NIO AT’s economic performance and enable the Company to obtain substantially
          all of the economic benefits arising from Anhui NIO AT. Management concluded that Anhui NIO AT continues
          to be a variable interest entity and the Company remains as the ultimate primary beneficiary of Anhui NIO AT.
          Therefore, the Group continues to consolidate the financial results of Anhui NIO AT’s financial statements.
          The Group intends to obtain requisite licenses for certain supporting functions during the development of
          autonomous driving technology through Anhui NIO AT. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and
          2023, the financial position, result of operations and cash flow activities of Anhui NIO AT were immaterial to
          the consolidated financial statements.




320   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued)
  Variable interest entities (continued)

  Anhui NIO DT and NIO IB

  In October 2022, the Group entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Anhui NIO DT and its
  individual shareholders (the “Nominee Shareholders”), including, among others, an exclusive business
  cooperation agreement, a loan agreement, an equity pledge agreement, an exclusive call option agreement
  and a power of attorney, which enable the Group to direct the activities that most significantly impact Anhui
  NIO DT’s economic performance and obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising from Anhui NIO
  DT. Management concluded that Anhui NIO DT is a variable interest entity and the Company is the ultimate
  primary beneficiary of Anhui NIO DT and hence consolidates the financial results of Anhui NIO DT in the
  Group’s consolidated financial statements. In January 2023, Anhui NIO DT acquired NIO IB. NIO IB was a
  company holding the insurance brokerage license and does not meet the criteria necessary to be defined as
  a business under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the Group accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition.
  The Group provides insurance brokerage services which are mainly vehicle-related and property-related and
  holds requisite licenses through Anhui NIO DT and NIO IB. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023,
  the financial position, result of operations and cash flow activities of Anhui NIO DT were immaterial to the
  consolidated financial statements.


  Shanghai Anbin

  The Company, the ultimate shareholder of NIO SH, was the ultimate primary beneficiary of Shanghai Anbin
  Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Anbin”) and its subsidiary and hence consolidated the financial results of
  Shanghai Anbin and its subsidiary in the Group’s consolidated financial statements, pursuant to a series
  of contractual agreements, including, among others, an exclusive business corporation agreements, a
  loan agreement, an equity pledge agreement, an exclusive call option agreement and a power of attorney
  entered into among NIO SH, Shanghai Anbin and its nominee shareholders in April 2018. On March 31,
  2021, all parities agreed to terminate above mentioned contractual agreements, after which, the Company
  was no longer the ultimate primary beneficiary of Shanghai Anbin and deconsolidated the financial results
  of Shanghai Anbin and its subsidiary. The deconsolidation of Shanghai Anbin and its subsidiary did not
  have significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Before the deconsolidation, the
  financial position, result of operations and cash flow activities of Shanghai Anbin and its subsidiary were
  immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.


  Liquidity and Going Concern

  The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes
  that the Group will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and, accordingly, will be able to realize
  its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of operations as they come due.


  The Group has been incurring losses from operations since inception. The Group incurred net losses of
  RMB4.0 billion and RMB14.4 billion and RMB20.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and
  2023, respectively. The Group incurred operating cash outflow of RMB3.9 billion and RMB1.4 billion for the
  years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Accumulated deficit amounted to RMB69.9 billion
  and RMB90.8 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         321
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued)
          Liquidity and Going Concern (continued)

          As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s balance of cash and cash equivalents was RMB32.9 billion and short-
          term investments of RMB16.8 billion and the Group had net current assets of RMB12.6 billion. Management
          has evaluated the sufficiency of its working capital and concluded that the Group’s available cash and cash
          equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to support its continuous operations and to meet
          its payment obligations when liabilities fall due within the next twelve months from the date of issuance
          of these consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, management continues to prepare the Group’s
          consolidated financial statements on going concern basis.


      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (a) Basis of presentation

              The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
              GAAP. Significant accounting policies followed by the Group in the preparation of the accompanying
              consolidated financial statements are summarized below.


          (b) Principles of consolidation

              The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries
              and the VIEs for which the Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary.


              A subsidiary is an entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of
              the voting power; has the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of
              directors (the “Board”): to cast majority of votes at the meeting of the Board or to govern the financial
              and operating policies of the investee under a statute or agreement among the shareholders or equity
              holders.


              The Company applies the guidance under Accounting Standard Codification 810, Consolidations (“ASC
              810”) on accounting for the VIEs. A VIE is an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a)
              the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without
              additional financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack the ability to
              make certain decisions, the obligation to absorb expected losses or the right to receive expected residual
              returns, or (c) an equity investor has voting rights that are disproportionate to its economic interest
              and substantially all of the entity’s activities are on behalf of the investor. ASC 810 requires variable
              interest entities to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary which has a controlling financial interest
              of variable interest entities. The Company is considered as the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and thus
              consolidates the financial statements each of these entities under U.S. GAAP.


              All significant transactions and balances between the Company, its subsidiaries and the VIEs have been
              eliminated upon consolidation. The non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries are shown
              separately in the consolidated financial statements.




322   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (c) Use of estimates

     The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
     management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
     liabilities, related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, and the
     reported revenue and expenses during the reported period in the consolidated financial statements and
     accompanying notes. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements mainly include, but are not limited to, standalone selling price of each distinct performance
     obligation in revenue recognition, warranty liabilities, fair value of available-for-sale debt security
     investments and equity securities using fair value option investments, lower of cost and net realizable
     value of inventories, inventory valuation for excess and obsolete inventories, losses on purchase
     commitments, allowance for current expected credit loss, depreciable lives of property, equipment and
     software, impairment of long-lived assets, determination and allocation of standalone transaction price
     regarding multiple performance obligations, subsequent measurement of equity securities measured
     under measurement alternatives, discount rate of lease liabilities, fair value of short-term investments,
     valuation of deferred tax assets, valuation and recognition of share-based compensation arrangements,
     as well as current or non-current classification of receivables. Actual results could differ from those
     estimates.


  (d) Functional currency and foreign currency translation

     The Group’s reporting currency is the Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currency of the Company and
     its subsidiaries which are incorporated in HK is United States dollars (“US$”), except NIO Sport which
     operates mainly in United Kingdom and uses Great Britain pounds (“GBP”). The functional currencies
     of the other subsidiaries and the VIEs are their respective local currencies. The determination of the
     respective functional currency is based on the criteria set out by ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters.


     Transactions denominated in currencies other than in the functional currency are translated into the
     functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and
     liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into functional currency using the applicable
     exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
     cost in foreign currency are re-measured using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions.
     Exchange gains or losses arising from foreign currency transactions are included in the consolidated
     statements of comprehensive loss.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         323
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (d) Functional currency and foreign currency translation (continued)

              The financial statements of the Group’s entities of which the functional currency is not RMB are
              translated from their respective functional currency into RMB. Assets and liabilities denominated in
              foreign currencies are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Equity
              accounts other than earnings generated in current period are translated into RMB at the appropriate
              historical rates. Income and expense items are translated into RMB using the periodic average exchange
              rates. The resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in other comprehensive loss
              in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income or loss, and the accumulated foreign currency
              translation adjustments are presented as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the
              consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity. Total foreign currency translation adjustment (losses)/
              income were a loss of RMB230,345, an income of RMB717,274, and an income of RMB11,514 for the
              years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The grant-date fair value of the Group’s
              share-based compensation expenses is reported in US$ as the respective valuation is conducted in US$
              and the shares are denominated in US$.


          (e) Convenience translation

              Translations of balances in the consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of comprehensive
              loss and consolidated statements of cash flows from RMB into US$ as of and for the years ended
              December 31, 2023 are solely for the convenience of the reader and were calculated at the rate of
              US$1.00 = RMB7.0999, representing the noon buying rate in The City of New York for cable transfers of
              RMB as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on December 29, 2023.
              No representation is made that the RMB amounts represent or could have been, or could be, converted,
              realized or settled into US$ at that rate on, or December 31, 2023, or at any other rate.


          (f) Fair value

              Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability
              in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining
              the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be either recorded or
              disclosed at fair value, the Group considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would
              transact, and it also considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset
              or liability.




324   NIO Inc.
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (f) Fair value (continued)

     Accounting guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of
     observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial
     instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
     significant to the fair value measurement. Accounting guidance establishes three levels of inputs that
     may be used to measure fair value:


     Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


     Level 2 – Observable, market-based inputs, other than quoted prices, in active markets for identical
     assets or liabilities.


     Level 3 – Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of
     the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


     As disclosed in Note 2(n), the Group’s equity securities with readily determinable fair values are carried
     at fair value using quoted market prices that currently available on a securities exchange and classified
     within Level 1.


     The Group’s investments in money market funds, financial products issued by banks and certain retained
     asset-backed securities are carried at fair value, which are classified within Level 2 and valued using
     directly or indirectly observable inputs in the market place. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, such
     investments aggregately amounted to RMB12,781,060 and RMB8,473,612, respectively.


     As disclosed in Note 2(q), the Group’s derivative instruments are carried at fair value, which are classified
     within Level 2 and valued using indirectly observable inputs in the market place.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         325
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (f) Fair value (continued)

              As disclosed in Note 9, the Group’s available-for-sale debt security investments include investments
              the Group made in private companies which contains substantive redemption and preferential rights.
              The Group’s equity securities investments measured using fair value option include an investment the
              Group made in a private company which contains certain preferential rights. Such investments are
              classified within Level 3 for fair value measurement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the carrying
              values of the investments were RMB1,648,861. The Group re-measured the respective fair values using
              a market approach by adopting a backsolve method, which determined the estimated fair value of the
              investments through comparison to a recent transaction and applied significant unobservable inputs
              and assumptions. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, RMB746,336 and nil, respectively,
              of fair value changes, net of tax, were recorded in either comprehensive income, in the case of available-
              for-sale debt security investments, or investment income/(losses), in the case of equity securities
              investments using fair value option. The significant unobservable inputs adopted in the valuation as of
              December 31, 2022 and 2023 are as follows:


                                                      December 31, 2022                December 31, 2023

              Unobservable Input
              Expected volatility                     54%-61%                          44%-51%
              Probability                             Liquidation scenario: 25%-40%    Liquidation scenario: 35%-40%
                                                      Redemption scenario: 25%-40%     Redemption scenario: 0%-35%
                                                      IPO scenario: 20%-50%            IPO scenario: 30%-60%


              Financial assets and liabilities of the Group primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
              cash, short-term investments, trade receivable, amounts due from related parties, deposits and other
              receivables, available-for-sale debt security investments, retained asset-backed securities, trade and
              notes payable, amounts due to related parties, other payables, derivative instruments, short-term
              borrowings, lease liabilities and long-term borrowings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, other than as
              discussed above, the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated to their respective fair
              values.


          (g) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

              Cash and cash equivalents represent cash at hand, time deposits and highly-liquid investments placed
              with banks or other financial institutions, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use, and which
              have original maturities of three months or less.


              Cash which is restricted to withdrawal for use or pledged as security is reported separately on the face
              of the consolidated balance sheets. The Group’s restricted cash mainly represents (a) secured deposits
              held in designated bank accounts for borrowings and corporate bank credit cards, bank acceptance
              notes, letter of credit and letters of guarantee; and (b) time deposits that are pledged for property leases.
              The restricted cash is classified according to the contractual term of the restriction imposed.




326   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (g) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (continued)

     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as reported in the consolidated statements of cash flows are
     presented separately on our consolidated balance sheets as follows:


                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                           2022                 2023

     Cash and cash equivalents                                                      19,887,575          32,935,111
     Restricted cash                                                                 3,154,240            5,542,271
     Long-term restricted cash                                                          113,478             144,125
     Total                                                                          23,155,293          38,621,507


  (h) Short-term investments

     Short-term investments consist primarily of investments in fixed deposits with maturities between
     three months and one year, which are stated at amortised cost, and investments in money market funds
     and financial products issued by banks, which are measured at fair value. As of December 31, 2022
     and 2023, the short-term investments amounted to RMB19,171,017 and RMB16,810,107, respectively,
     among which, RMB12,259,459 and RMB11,520,514, were restricted as collateral for notes payable, bank
     borrowings and letter of guarantee as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


  (i) Expected credit losses

     The Group accounts for the impairment of financial instruments in accordance with ASU No. 2016-
     13, “Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
     Instruments” (“ASC Topic 326”), effective from January 1, 2020. The Group’s trade and notes receivable,
     receivables of installment payments, deposits and other receivables are within the scope of ASC
     Topic 326. The Group has identified the relevant risk characteristics of its customers and the related
     receivables, prepayments, deposits and other receivables which include size, type of the services or the
     products the Group provides, or a combination of these characteristics. Receivables with similar risk
     characteristics have been grouped into pools. For each pool, the Group considers the historical credit
     loss experience, current economic conditions, supportable forecasts of future economic conditions,
     and any recoveries in assessing the lifetime expected credit losses. Other key factors that influence the
     expected credit loss analysis include customer demographics, payment terms offered in the normal
     course of business to customers, and industry-specific factors that could impact the Group’s receivables.
     Additionally, external data and macroeconomic factors are also considered. This is assessed at each
     quarter based on the Group’s specific facts and circumstances.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         327
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (i) Expected credit losses (continued)

              For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group recorded RMB54,332, RMB48,707
              and reversed RMB26,315, respectively, in expected credit loss provisions in selling, general and
              administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2023, the expected credit loss reserve for current and non-
              current assets are RMB60,384 and RMB53,357, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the expected
              credit loss reserve for current and non-current assets are RMB50,415 and RMB89,641, respectively.


              Balance as at December 31, 2022


                                                                                          Expected         Expected
                                                                           Original      credit loss     credit loss
                                                                           amount              Rate        provision

              Current assets:
              Trade and notes receivable                                 5,157,814           0.77%           39,644
              Amounts due from related parties                           1,387,694           0.49%            6,738
              Prepayments and other current assets                       2,250,441           0.18%            4,033
              Non-current assets:
              Other non-current assets                                   7,488,200           1.20%           89,641

              Balance as at December 31, 2023


                                                                                         Expected         Expected
                                                                          Original      credit loss      credit loss
                                                                          amount              Rate        provision

              Current assets:
              Trade and notes receivable                                4,703,829           0.98%            46,177
              Amounts due from related parties                          1,731,399           0.51%             8,796
              Prepayments and other current assets                      3,440,174           0.16%             5,411
              Non-current assets:
              Other non-current assets                                  4,936,918           1.08%            53,357




328   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (j) Inventory

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is calculated on the average
     basis and includes all costs to acquire and other costs to bring the inventories to their present location
     and condition. The Group records inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories or accrues
     costs of inventory commitments based upon assumptions on current and future demand forecasts. If
     the inventory on hand or inventory purchase commitments is in excess of future demand forecast, the
     excess amounts are written down or accrued. The Group also reviews inventory to determine whether its
     carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This requires
     the determination of the estimated selling price of the vehicles less the estimated cost to convert
     inventory on hand into a finished product. Once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for
     that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
     restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.


  (k) Property, plant and equipment, net

     Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
     loss, if any. Property, plant and equipment are depreciated at rates sufficient to write off their costs
     less impairment and residual value, if any, over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis.
     Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of
     the related assets.


     The estimated useful lives are as follows:


                                                  Useful lives

     Buildings and constructions                  20 years
     Production facilities                        10 years
     Charging & battery swap equipment            5 to 8 years
     R&D equipment                                5 years
     Computer and electronic equipment            3 years
     Purchased software                           3 to 5 years
     Leasehold improvements                       Shorter of the estimated useful life or remaining lease term
                                                    (ranging from 1-10 years)
     Vehicles for corporate use or customers’     5 years
       subscription
     Others (office equipment, after-sales        3 to 5 years
       equipment, etc)

     Depreciation for mold and tooling is computed using the units-of-production method, including
     capitalized interest costs which are amortized over the total estimated units of production of the related
     assets.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023         329
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (k) Property, plant and equipment, net (continued)

              The cost of maintenance and repairs is expensed as incurred, whereas the cost of renewals and
              betterment that extends the useful lives of property, plant and equipment is capitalized as additions to
              the related assets. Interest expense on outstanding debt is capitalized during the period of significant
              capital asset construction. Capitalized interest on construction-in-progress is included within property,
              plant and equipment and is amortized over the useful life or units of production of the related assets.
              When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and
              amortization are removed from their respective accounts, and any gain or loss on such sale or disposal is
              reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


          (l) Intangible assets, net

              Definite lived intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment, if any.
              Definite lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
              lives as below:


                                                                   Useful lives

              Domain name                                          5 years

              The Group estimates the useful life of the domain name to be 5 years based on the contract terms,
              expected technical obsolescence and innovations and industry experience of such intangible assets.The
              estimated useful lives of amortized intangible assets are reassessed if circumstances occur that indicate
              the original estimated useful lives have changed.


              Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life represent the insurance brokerage license, and is carried
              at cost less any subsequent impairment loss. The Group expects, based upon regulatory precedent, the
              license can be renewed, on a perfunctory basis, upon expiration and believes that the license is unlikely
              to be terminated and will continue to contribute revenue in the future. Therefore, the Group considers the
              useful life of this intangible asset to be indefinite.


          (m) Land use rights, net

              Land use rights are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided on a
              straight-line basis over the respective lease period ranging from 491 to 536 months.




330   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (n) Long-term investments

     The Group’s long-term investments include equity investments in entities and debt security investments.


     Investments in entities in which the Group can exercise significant influence and holds an investment in
     voting common stock or in substance common stock (or both) of the investee but does not own a majority
     equity interest or control are accounted for using the equity method of accounting in accordance with
     ASC topic 323, Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures (“ASC 323”). Under the equity method,
     the Group initially records its investments at fair value. The Group subsequently adjusts the carrying
     amount of the investments to recognize the Group’s proportionate share of each equity investee’s
     net income or loss into earnings after the date of investment. The Group evaluates the equity method
     investments for impairment under ASC 323. An impairment loss on the equity method investments is
     recognized in earnings when the decline in value is determined to be other-than-temporary.


     Equity securities with readily determinable fair values and over which the Group has neither significant
     influence nor control through investments in common stock or in-substance common stock are measured
     at fair value, with changes in fair value reported through earnings.


     Equity securities without readily determinable fair values and over which the Group has neither
     significant influence nor control through investments in common stock or in-substance common stock
     are measured and recorded using a measurement alternative that measures the securities at cost minus
     impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from qualifying observable price changes.


     The Group elected the fair value option (“FVO”) at the date of initial recognition under ASC 825 for certain
     equity securities, with changes in fair value reported through earnings.


     Available-for-sale debt security investments are reported at estimated fair value with the aggregate
     unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the
     consolidated balance sheets. Gain or losses are realized when the investments are sold or when
     dividends are declared or payments are received or when other than temporarily impaired.


     Held-to-maturity debt security investment are reported at amortized cost. The securities are held to
     collect contractual cash flows, and the Group has the positive intent and ability to hold those securities
     to maturity.


     Trading securities are acquired and held principally for the purpose of selling them. The securities are
     reported at fair value, and subsequent changes in the fair value are recognized through net income.
     As disclosed in Note 9, the Group elects to classify the retained asset-backed securities as trading
     securities. Subsequent changes in the fair value are recognized through net income.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         331
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (n) Long-term investments (continued)

              The Group monitors its investments measured under equity method for other-than-temporary
              impairment by considering factors including, but not limited to, current economic and market conditions,
              the operating performance of the companies including current earnings trends and other company-
              specific information. No impairment charge was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021,
              2022 and 2023.


          (o) Impairment of long-lived assets

              Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as
              a significant adverse change to market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate
              that the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than the Group
              had originally estimated. When these events occur, the Group evaluates the impairment by comparing
              carrying value of the assets to an estimate of future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated
              from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted
              cash flows is less than the carrying value of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss
              based on the excess of the carrying value of the assets over the fair value of the assets. Impairment
              charges recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was nil, RMB35,011 and nil,
              respectively.


          (p) Warranty liabilities

              The Group accrues a warranty reserve for all new vehicles sold by the Group, which includes the Group’s
              best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranty. These estimates are
              based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future
              claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain given the Group’s relatively short history of sales, and
              changes to the historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty
              reserve when the Group accumulates more actual data and experience in the future.


              The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within
              accruals and other liabilities, while the remaining balance is included within other non-current liabilities
              on the consolidated balance sheets. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of revenues in
              the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


              The following table shows a reconciliation in the current reporting period related to carried-forward
              warranty liabilities.


                                                                              For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                2021              2022             2023

              Warranty – beginning of year                                   952,946        1,962,977         2,946,937
              Provision for warranty                                       1,078,854        1,128,920         1,222,916
              Warranty costs incurred                                         (68,823)        (144,960)        (257,629)
              Warranty – end of year                                       1,962,977        2,946,937         3,912,224




332   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (q) Derivatives instruments and hedging

     Derivative instruments are carried at fair value, which generally represent the estimated amounts
     expect to receive or pay upon termination of the contracts as of the reporting date. Derivative financial
     instruments are not used for trading or speculative purposes.


     The Group has entered into several currency exchange forward contracts with certain commercial banks
     in PRC to mitigate the risks of foreign exchange gain/loss generated from the Group’s balances of cash
     and cash equivalents and short-term investments denominated in US dollars. As such instruments do
     not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the Group records the changes in fair value of the derivatives
     in other (loss)/income, net, the same line item in which foreign exchange gain/loss is recognised, with
     offsetting effect. Total changes in fair value of the derivatives recorded in other (loss)/income, net, were
     a loss of RMB668,051 for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, all the currency
     exchange forward contracts have been fully executed and the Group did not enter into any currency
     exchange forward contracts during the year ended December 31, 2023.


     The Group has entered into several swap contracts with a commercial bank to hedge the risks of
     commodity price associated with the forecasted purchasing transactions. The Group applies cash flow
     hedge accounting since the hedge relationship is effective. The changes in fair value of the hedging
     instruments are initially recorded in other comprehensive income, and the amounts in accumulated other
     comprehensive income related to the fair value changes in the hedging instruments are released into the
     Group’s earnings when the hedged items affect earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
     2023, both the changes in fair value of the hedging instruments through other comprehensive income
     and the amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income related to the fair value changes in the
     hedging instruments that were released into earnings were immaterial.


  (r) Revenue recognition

     Revenue is recognized when or as the control of the goods or services is transferred to a customer.
     Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods
     and services may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods and services is
     transferred over time if the Group’s performance:


     •   provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


     •   creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


     •   does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right
         to payment for performance completed to date.


     If control of the goods and services transfers over time, revenue is recognized over the period of the
     contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
     Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods and
     services.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         333
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

              Contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements,
              the Group allocates revenue to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling
              price. The Group determines standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers. If the
              standalone selling price is not directly observable, it is estimated using expected cost plus a margin
              or adjusted market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.
              Assumptions and estimations have been made in estimating the relative selling price of each distinct
              performance obligation, and changes in judgments on these assumptions and estimates may impact the
              revenue recognition.


              When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the consolidated
              balance sheets as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the
              entity’s performance and the customer’s payment.


              A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods and services that the Group
              has transferred to a customer. A receivable is recorded when the Group has an unconditional right to
              consideration. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before
              payment of that consideration is due. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group did not record any
              contract assets.


              A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
              the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. The
              Group’s contract liabilities primarily resulted from the multiple performance obligations identified in the
              customer contract, which is recorded as deferred revenue and advance from customers.


              The Group generates revenue from (i) vehicle sales, (ii) parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services,
              (iii) provision of power solutions and (iv) others. The Group’s revenue sources for the comparative periods
              as disclosed in Note (16) have been revised to conform with the current year classification which depicts
              the nature and amounts of the Group’s major revenue streams for the most recent period.


              Vehicle sales

              The Group generates revenue from sales of electric vehicles, together with a number of embedded
              products and services through a series of contracts. The Group identifies the users who purchase
              the vehicle as its customers. In general, there are multiple distinct performance obligations explicitly
              stated in a series of contracts in addition to sales of vehicles, which may include home chargers, vehicle
              connectivity services, extended warranty services and battery swapping services which are accounted
              for in accordance with ASC 606. In the PRC, initial users are entitled to vehicle connectivity services,
              extended warranty services and battery swapping services. The standard warranty provided by the Group
              is accounted for in accordance with ASC 460, Guarantees, and the estimated costs are recorded as a
              liability when NIO transfers the control of vehicle to a user.




334   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

     Vehicle sales (continued)

     Customers only pay the amount after deducting the government subsidies to which they are entitled for
     the purchase of electric vehicles. The government subsidies are applied and collected by the Group or
     Jianghuai Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (“JAC”) from the government. The government subsidy is considered
     as a part of the transaction price it charges the customers for the electric vehicle, as the subsidy is
     granted to the buyer of the electric vehicle instead of the Group and the buyer remains liable for such
     amount to the Group in the event the subsidies were not received by the Group. The Group or JAC applies
     and collects the payment on behalf of the customers.


     In the instance that some eligible customers elect installment payment for battery or the auto financing
     arrangements, the Group believes such arrangement contains a significant financing component and
     as a result adjusts the transaction price to reflect the impact of time value on the transaction price
     using an appropriate discount rate (i.e. the interest rates of the loan reflecting the credit risk of the
     borrower). Interest income from such arrangements with a significant financing component is presented
     as other sales. Receivables related to the battery installment payment and auto financing programs
     that are expected to be repaid by customers beyond one year of the dates of the financial statements
     are recognized as non-current assets. The difference between the gross receivable and the respective
     present value is recorded as unrealized finance income. Interest income from such arrangements with a
     significant financing component is presented separately from revenue from contracts with customers.


     The Group generally determines standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers. If
     the standalone selling price is not directly observable, it is estimated using expected cost plus a margin
     or adjusted market assessment approach, considering the Group’s pricing policies and practices, and
     the data utilized in making pricing decisions. The overall contract price is then allocated to each distinct
     performance obligation based on the relative estimated standalone selling price in accordance with ASC
     606. The revenue for vehicle sales and home chargers are recognized at a point in time when the control
     of the product is transferred to the customer. For the vehicle connectivity services and battery swapping
     services, the Group recognizes the revenue over time using a straight-line method during the estimated
     beneficial period, based on the estimated length of time that the initial owner owns the vehicles before
     it is re-sold to secondary market. As for the extended warranty services, given limited operating history
     and lack of historical data, the Group decides to recognize the revenue over time based on a straight-
     line method initially, and will continue monitoring the cost pattern periodically and adjust the revenue
     recognition pattern to reflect the actual cost pattern as it becomes available.


     As the consideration for the vehicle and all embedded services are generally paid in advance, which
     means the payments received are prior to the transfer of goods or services by the Group, the Group
     records a contract liability (deferred revenue) for the allocated amount regarding those unperformed
     obligations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the balances of contract liabilities (deferred revenue)
     from vehicle sales contracts were RMB3,740,108 and RMB5,040,125 respectively.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         335
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

              Vehicle sales (continued)

              Battery as a Service (BaaS)

              The Battery as a Service (the “BaaS”), allows users to purchase electric vehicles without batteries and
              subscribe for the usage of batteries separately. In PRC, under the BaaS, the Group sells batteries to
              Wuhan Weineng Battery Asset Co., Ltd. (the “Battery Asset Company”), an equity investee of the Group, on
              a back-to-back basis when the Group sells the vehicle to the BaaS users and the BaaS users subscribe
              for the usage of the batteries from the Battery Asset Company by paying a monthly subscription fee to
              the Battery Asset Company. The promise to transfer the control of the batteries to the Battery Asset
              Company is the only performance obligation in the contract with the Battery Asset Company for the sales
              of batteries. The Group recognizes revenue from the sales of batteries to the Battery Asset Company
              when the vehicles (together with the batteries) are delivered to the BaaS users which is the point
              considered then the control of the batteries is transferred to the Battery Asset Company.


              Together with the sales of the batteries, the Group entered into service agreements with the Battery
              Asset Company, pursuant to which the Group provides services to the Battery Asset Company including
              batteries monitoring, maintenance, upgrade, replacement, IT system support, etc., with monthly service
              charges. In case of any default in payment of monthly rental fees from users, the Battery Asset Company
              also has right to request the Group to track and lock down the battery subscribed by the users to limit its
              usage. In addition, in furtherance of the BaaS, the Group agreed to provide guarantee to the Battery Asset
              Company for the default in payment of monthly subscription fees from users. The maximum amount of
              guarantee that can be claimed by the Battery Asset Company for the users’ payment default shall not be
              higher than the accumulated service fees the Group receives from the Battery Asset Company.


              For services provided to the Battery Asset Company, revenue is recognized over the period when services
              are rendered. As for financial guarantee liabilities, the provision of guarantee is linked to and associated
              with services rendered to the Battery Asset Company and the payment of guarantee amount is therefore
              accounted for as the reduction to the revenue from the Battery Asset Company.


              The fair value of the guarantee liabilities is determined by taking considerations of the default pattern
              of the Group’s existing battery installment programs provided to users. At each period end, the financial
              liabilities are remeasured with the corresponding changes recorded as the reduction to the revenue.
              For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, both service revenue and guarantee liability were
              immaterial.




336   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

     Vehicle sales (continued)

     Battery as a Service (BaaS) (continued)

     Since 2022, the BaaS users are also provided with the option to buy out the batteries in PRC. Under this
     arrangement, BaaS users and the Battery Asset Company enter into battery subscription termination
     agreement, and the Group purchases the outgoing batteries from the Battery Asset Company, after which
     the Group sells batteries with qualified performance to the BaaS users. These transactions are arranged
     on back-to-back basis under which the Group is in substance rendering the agency service to facilitate
     the BaaS users which are also the customers of the Group to complete the purchase of batteries from
     the Battery Asset Company. The Group therefore recognizes revenue of the service to facilitate the BaaS
     batteries buy out transactions on net basis with the amount of the difference between the consideration
     the Group receives from the BaaS users for the battery sales and the price of batteries the Group pays
     to the Battery Asset Company. Upon the completion of BaaS buy-out, the Group stops to provide battery
     service and is not obliged to provide guarantee and warranty related to the relevant batteries to the
     Battery Asset Company.


     Practical expedients and exemptions

     The Group follows the guidance on immaterial promises when identifying performance obligations in the
     vehicle sales contracts and concludes that roadside assistance is not performance obligation considering
     that it is value-added service to enhance user experience rather than critical item for vehicle driving
     and forecasted that usage of this service will be very limited. The Group also performs an estimation on
     the standalone fair value of each promise applying a cost plus margin approach and concludes that the
     standalone fair value of roadside assistance is insignificant individually and in aggregate, representing
     less than 1% of vehicle gross selling price and aggregate fair value of each individual promise.


     Considering the qualitative assessment and the result of the quantitative estimate, the Group concluded
     not to assess whether promises are performance obligations as they are immaterial in the context of
     the contract and the relative standalone fair value individually and in aggregate is less than 3% of the
     contract price.


     Parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services

     The Group sells parts and accessories to the third party authorized service centers and its users, and
     provides after-sales vehicle services to users, including, repair, maintenance, extended warranty services
     and other vehicle services. Revenue from the sales of parts and accessories is recognized when the
     control of the products is transferred to the customers. Revenue from after-sales services is recognized
     when the services are rendered.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         337
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

              Vehicle sales (continued)

              Provision of power solutions

              The Group provides power solutions to users, including, sale of charging piles, provision of battery
              charging and swapping services, battery upgrade service, BaaS battery buy-out service and other power
              solution services. Revenue from the services is recognized when relevant services are rendered. Revenue
              from the sales of charging piles is recognized when the control of the products is transferred to the
              customers.


              Battery swapping service

              The Group provides battery swapping service to users with convenient “recharging” experience by
              swapping the user’s battery for another one. The battery swapping service is in substance a charging
              service instead of non-monetary exchanges or sales of batteries as the batteries involved in such
              swapping are the same in capacity and very similar in performance. For performance obligation of the
              battery swapping service sold together with the vehicles (i.e. monthly free-of-charge quota), the Group
              recognizes the revenue over time using a straight-line method in the estimated beneficial period, being
              the estimated length of time that the initial owner owns the vehicle. For the battery swapping beyond
              monthly free-of-charge quota for which additional considerations are paid by the users, the Group
              recognizes revenue when the battery swapping service is completed.


              Battery upgrade service

              The Group provides battery upgrade service to both BaaS users and non-BaaS users. The users can
              exchange their batteries with lower capacity for the batteries with higher capacity from the Group with a
              fixed cash consideration. The battery upgrade service is in substance the provision of incremental battery
              capacity service to the users instead of non-monetary battery exchanges or sales of battery. Therefore,
              under non-BaaS model, the revenue from the battery upgrade service is recognized at the amount of
              cash consideration paid by users at a point in time when the service is rendered. Under the BaaS model,
              since the ownership of originally installed battery belongs to the Battery Asset Company, when a user
              requests battery upgrade, the Group actually upgrades the battery that belongs to the Battery Asset
              Company and recognize revenue for the battery upgrade service at the amount paid by the Battery Asset
              Company when upgrade service is rendered. BaaS users will then pay a higher monthly subscription fee
              to the Battery Asset Company for subscribing for the battery with higher capacity.


              Others

              Other revenues consists of sales of used vehicles, auto financing services, retail merchandise,
              automotive regulatory credits, embedded products and services offered together with vehicle sales,
              including vehicle connectivity services, and other products and services. Revenue is recognized when
              relevant services are rendered or control of the products is transferred.




338   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

     Sales of automotive regulatory credits

     New Energy Vehicle (“NEV”) mandate policy launched by China’s Ministry of Industry and Information
     Technology (“MIIT”) specifies the NEV credit targets and as all of the Group’s products are NEVs, the
     Group is able to generate NEV credits above target. The credits earned per vehicle is dependent on
     various metrics such as vehicle driving range and battery energy efficiency, and is calculated based on
     the MIIT published formula. Excess positive NEV credits are tradable to other vehicle manufacturers
     through a credit management system established by the MIIT on a separately negotiated basis. The
     Group sells these credits at agreed price to other vehicle manufacturers.


     Considerations for automotive regulatory credits are typically received at the point control transfers to
     the customer, or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. The Group recognizes
     revenue on the sale of automotive regulatory credits at the time control of the regulatory credits
     is transferred to the purchasing party as other sales revenue in the consolidated statements of
     comprehensive loss.


     Incentives

     The Group offers a self-managed customer loyalty program in the form of “NIO points”, which can be
     redeemed to acquire free or discounted goods or services provided by the Group, including accessories,
     branded merchandise, and other services. The Group determines the standalone selling price of each
     point based on estimated incremental cost. Customers, and NIO users and, fans and employees have
     a variety of ways to earn the points. The major accounting policy for its points program is described as
     follows:


     (i) Points issued in connection with sales transactions

        The Group concludes the points issued in connection with the sales transaction is a material right and
        accordingly a separate performance obligation according to ASC 606, and is taken into consideration
        when allocating the transaction price of the sales. The Group also estimates the probability of points
        redemption when performing the allocation based on the historical redemption pattern. The amount
        allocated to the points as separate performance obligation is recorded as contract liability (deferred
        revenue) and revenue should be recognized when future goods or services are transferred or when the
        points expire.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         339
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

              Sales of automotive regulatory credits (continued)

              Incentives (continued)

              (ii) Points issued in other scenarios

                  NIO users and fans can also earn points through other ways such as inviting friends to test drive
                  or purchase a vehicle, frequent sign-ins to the Group’s mobile application, participating in NIO
                  community activities, etc. The Group believes these points are to encourage user engagement and
                  generate market awareness. As a result, the Group accounts for such points as selling, general and
                  administrative expenses with a corresponding liability recorded under other current liabilities of its
                  consolidated balance sheets upon the points are issued. The Group estimates liabilities under the
                  customer loyalty program based on cost of the products and services that can be redeemed, and its
                  estimate of probability of redemption. At the time of redemption, the Group records a reduction of
                  inventory and other current liabilities. In certain cases where merchandise is sold for cash in addition
                  to points, the Group records revenue of other sales for the amount of cash received.


                  For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the revenue portion allocated to the points
                  as a separate performance obligation was RMB371,849, RMB492,925 and RMB863,627, respectively,
                  which is recorded as contract liability (deferred revenue). For the years ended December 31, 2021,
                  2022 and 2023, the total points recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses were
                  RMB155,884, RMB215,201 and RMB162,875, respectively.


                  As of December 31, 2022 and, 2023, liabilities recorded related to unredeemed points were
                  RMB680,660, and RMB954,709, respectively.


          (s) Cost of Sales

              Vehicle

              Cost of vehicle sales includes parts, materials, processing fee, labor costs, manufacturing cost (including
              depreciation of assets associated with the production) and losses from production related purchase
              commitments. Cost of vehicle sales also includes reserves for estimated warranty expenses and charges
              to write-down the carrying value of the inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and
              to provide for on-hand inventory that is either obsolete or in excess of forecasted demand.


              Service and Other

              Cost of service and other sales includes direct parts, materials, labor costs, vehicle connectivity costs,
              depreciation of associated assets used for providing services, and other cost associated with sales of
              service and others.




340   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (t) Sales and marketing expenses

     Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses, marketing and promotional
     expenses, salaries and other compensation-related expenses to sales and marketing personnel.
     Advertising expenses consist primarily of costs for the promotion of corporate image and product
     marketing. The Group expenses all advertising costs as incurred and classifies these costs under sales
     and marketing expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, advertising costs
     totaled RMB529,057, RMB815,619 and RMB1,242,941, respectively.


  (u) Research and development expenses

     Certain costs associated with developing internal-use software are capitalized when such costs are
     incurred within the application development stage of software development. Other than that, all costs
     associated with research and development (“R&D”) are expensed as incurred. R&D expenses are primary
     comprised of charges for R&D and consulting work performed by third parties; salaries, bonuses, share-
     based compensation, and benefits for those employees engaged in research, design and development
     activities; costs related to design tools; license expenses related to intellectual property, supplies and
     services; and allocated costs, including depreciation and amortization, rental fees, and utilities.


  (v) General and administrative expenses

     General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation
     and benefits for employees involved in general corporate functions, depreciation and amortization of
     fixed assets which are used in general corporate activities, legal and other professional services fees,
     rental and other general corporate related expenses.


  (w) Employee benefits

     Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
     plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
     benefits are provided to the employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the PRC subsidiaries and
     VIEs of the Group make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages
     of the employees’ salaries, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government. The Group has
     no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. Total amounts of such employee
     benefit expenses, which were expensed as incurred, were approximately RMB761,417, RMB1,578,273
     and RMB2,349,966 for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         341
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (x) Government grants

              The Company’s subsidiaries received government subsidies from certain local governments. The Group’s
              government subsidies consisted of specific subsidies and other subsidies. Specific subsidies are
              subsidies that the local government has provided for a specific purpose, such as product development
              and renewal of production facilities. Other subsidies are the subsidies that the local government has not
              specified its purpose for and are not tied to future trends or performance of the Group; receipt of such
              subsidy income is not contingent upon any further actions or performance of the Group and the amounts
              do not have to be refunded under any circumstances. The Group recorded specific purpose subsidies
              as advances payable when received. For specific subsidies, upon government acceptance of the related
              project development or asset acquisition, the specific purpose subsidies are recognized to reduce related
              R&D expenses or the cost of asset acquisition. Other subsidies are recognized as other operating income
              upon receipt as further performance by the Group is not required.


          (y) Income taxes

              Current income taxes are recorded in accordance with the regulations of the relevant tax jurisdiction.
              The Group accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC
              740, Income Tax . Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences attributable to
              differences between carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in the financial statements
              and their respective tax basis, and operating loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
              are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
              temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change
              in tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss in the period of change.
              Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce the amount of deferred tax assets if it is
              considered more likely than not that amount of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.


              The Group records liabilities related to uncertain tax positions when, despite the Group’s belief that
              the Group’s tax return positions are supportable, the Group believes that it is more likely than not that
              those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. Accrued interest and penalties
              related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense. The Group did not recognize
              uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2023.


          (z) Share-based compensation

              The Company grants restricted shares and share options of the Company and its subsidiary to
              eligible employees and non-employee consultants and accounts for share-based compensation in
              accordance with ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation and ASU 2018-07-Compensation-stock
              compensation (Topic 718)-Improvements to non-employee share-based payment accounting.




342   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (z) Share-based compensation (continued)

     Employees’ share-based compensation awards are measured at the grant date fair value of the awards
     and recognized as expenses a) immediately at the grant date if no vesting conditions are required; or b)
     for share options or restricted shares granted with only service conditions, using the straight-line vesting
     method, net of estimated forfeitures, over the vesting period; or c) for share options where the underlying
     share is liability within the scope of ASC 480, using the graded vesting method, net of estimated
     forfeitures, over the vesting period, and re-measuring the fair value of the award at each reporting period
     end until the award is settled.


     All transactions in which goods or services are received in exchange for equity instruments are accounted
     for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued,
     whichever is more reliably measurable.


     In April 2019, the Group adopted ASU 2018-07, “Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
     Improvements to Non-employee Share-Based Payment Accounting”. Upon the adoption of this guidance,
     the Group no longer re-measures equity-classified share-based awards granted to consultants or
     non-employees at each reporting date through the vesting period and the accounting for these share-
     based awards to consultants or non-employees and employees was substantially aligned. Share-based
     compensation expenses for share options and restricted shares granted to non-employees are measured
     at fair value at the date when such awards are granted and recognized over the period during which the
     service from the non-employees is provided.


     The binomial option-pricing model is used to measure the value of share options. The determination of
     the fair value is affected by the fair value of the ordinary shares as well as assumptions including the
     expected share price volatility, actual and projected employee and non-employee share option exercise
     behavior, risk-free interest rates and expected dividends.


     The assumptions used in share-based compensation expense recognition represent management’s best
     estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and application of management judgment.
     If factors change or different assumptions are used, the share-based compensation expenses could be
     materially different for any period. Moreover, the estimates of fair value of the awards are not intended
     to predict actual future events or the value that ultimately will be realized by grantees who receive share-
     based awards, and subsequent events are not indicative of the reasonableness of the original estimates
     of fair value made by the Group for accounting purposes.


     For restricted shares granted by one of the Company’s subsidiaries to employees, determination of
     related estimated fair values (the subsidiaries are not publicly traded) requires complex and subjective
     judgments due to limited financial and operating history, unique business risks and limited comparable
     public information. Key inputs and assumptions underlying the determined fair value of these restricted
     shares include but are not limited to the pricing of recent rounds of financing, future cash flow forecasts,
     discount rates, and liquidity factors relevant to each of the respective subsidiaries.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         343
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (z) Share-based compensation (continued)

              Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures
              differ from those estimates. The Group uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting options and records
              share-based compensation expenses only for those awards that are expected to vest.


          (aa) Comprehensive income/(loss)

              The Group applies ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, with respect to reporting and presentation of
              comprehensive loss and its components in a full set of financial statements. Comprehensive loss is
              defined to include all changes in equity of the Group during a period arising from transactions and other
              event and circumstances except those resulting from investments by shareholders and distributions
              to shareholders. For the years presented, the Group’s comprehensive loss includes net loss and other
              comprehensive income/(loss), which mainly consists of the foreign currency translation adjustment that
              have been excluded from the determination of net loss, change in fair value of available-for-sale debt
              securities.


          (ab) Leases

              As the lessee, the Group recognizes in the balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease
              liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.
              For leases with a term of 12 months or less, the Group makes an accounting policy election by class of
              underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities and recognizes lease expenses for
              such lease generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Group primarily uses the discount
              rate at the lease commencement date using the rate implicit in the lease. If the information necessary
              to determine the rate implicit in the lease is not readily available, the Group uses its incremental
              borrowing rate (“IBR”). The IBR is determined by the Group’s best understanding of the interest rate the
              Group would bear to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment
              over the lease term based on its credit rating. Operating lease assets are included within right-of-use
              assets– operating lease, and the corresponding operating lease liabilities are included within operating
              lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease assets are included within other non-
              current assets, and the corresponding finance lease liabilities are included within accruals and other
              liabilities for the current portion, and within other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance
              sheets.




344   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (ac) Dividends

     Dividends are recognized when declared. No dividends were declared for the the years ended December
     31, 2021, 2022 and 2023.


  (ad) Earnings/(loss) per share

     Basic earnings/(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income/(loss) attributable to holders of
     ordinary shares, considering the accretions to redemption value of the preferred shares, by the weighted
     average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period using the two-class method. Under the
     two-class method, net income is allocated between ordinary shares and other participating securities
     based on their participating rights. Diluted earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income/
     (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders, as adjusted for the accretion and allocation of net income
     related to the preferred shares, if any, by the weighted average number of ordinary and dilutive ordinary
     equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary equivalent shares consist of shares issuable
     upon the conversion of the preferred shares using the if-converted method, unvested restricted shares,
     restricted share units and ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding share options
     (using the treasury stock method). Ordinary equivalent shares are not included in the denominator of the
     diluted earnings per share calculation when inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive.


  (ae) Segment reporting

     ASC 280, Segment Reporting, establishes standards for companies to report in their financial statements
     information about operating segments, products, services, geographic areas, and major customers.


     Based on the criteria established by ASC 280, the Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) has
     been identified as the Chief Executive Officer, who reviews consolidated results when making decisions
     about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Group as a whole and hence, the Group
     has only one reportable segment. The Group does not distinguish between markets or segments for the
     purpose of internal reporting. As the Group’s long-lived assets are substantially located in the PRC, no
     geographical segments are presented.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         345
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
          (a) Recently adopted accounting pronouncements

              In March 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2022-02, Troubled Debt
              Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. This ASU eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt
              restructurings by creditors that have adopted ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
              Instruments, which we adopted on January 1, 2020. This ASU also enhances the disclosure requirements
              for certain loan refinancing and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial
              difficulty. In addition, the ASU amends the guidance on vintage disclosures to require entities to disclose
              current period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments
              in leases within the scope of ASC 326-20. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after
              December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption of the ASU would be
              applied prospectively. Early adoption is also permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The
              Group adopted ASU 2022-02 from January 1, 2023, which did not have a material impact on the Group’s
              consolidated financial statements.


              In September 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) ASU 2022 – 04, Liabilities
              – Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50) Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations.
              The ASU requires that a buyer in a supplier finance program disclose sufficient information about the
              program to allow a user of financial statements to understand the program’s nature, activity during the
              period, changes from period to period, and potential magnitude. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
              beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, except for the
              amendment on rollforward information, which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
              2023. The Group adopted ASU 2022-04 from January 1, 2023 and disclosed related impact on Note 11.
              The adoption of ASU did not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




346   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (continued)
  (a) Recently adopted accounting pronouncements (continued)

     In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract
     Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (Topic 805). This ASU requires an acquirer in a business
     combination to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities (deferred revenue) from
     acquired contracts using the revenue recognition guidance in Topic 606. At the acquisition date, the
     acquirer applies the revenue model as if it had originated the acquired contracts. The ASU is effective
     for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal
     years. Adoption of the ASU should be applied prospectively. Early adoption is also permitted, including
     adoption in an interim period. If early adopted, the amendments are applied retrospectively to all
     business combinations for which the acquisition date occurred during the fiscal year of adoption. The
     Group adopted ASU 2021-08 from January 1, 2023, which did not have a material impact on the Group’s
     consolidated financial statements.


     In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832). This ASU
     requires business entities to disclose information about government assistance they receive if the
     transactions were accounted for by analogy to either a grant or a contribution accounting model. The
     disclosure requirements include the nature of the transaction and the related accounting policy used,
     the line items on the balance sheets and statements of operations that are affected and the amounts
     applicable to each financial statement line item and the significant terms and conditions of the
     transactions. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. The disclosure
     requirements can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all transactions in the scope of
     the amendments that are reflected in the financial statements at the date of initial application and new
     transactions that are entered into after the date of initial application. The Group adopted ASU No. 2020-
     01 from January 1, 2022, which did not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements.


     In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, “Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the
     Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting”, which provides optional expedients and
     exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP on contract modifications and hedge accounting to contracts, hedging
     relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be
     discontinued because of reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. These optional expedients and
     exceptions provided in ASU 2020-04 are effective for the Group as of March 12, 2020 through December
     31, 2022. The Group adopted this from January 1, 2022, which did not have a material impact on the
     Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         347
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (continued)
          (b) Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted

              In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value
              Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. The update clarifies that a
              contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of
              the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The update also clarifies that
              an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction.
              The update also requires certain additional disclosures for equity securities subject to contractual sale
              restrictions. The amendments in this update are effective for the Group beginning January 1, 2024 on a
              prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have
              not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Group is in the process of evaluating the impact
              of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. This ASU is currently not expected to have
              a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


              In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
              (Topic 280). This ASU updates reportable segment disclosure requirements by requiring disclosures
              of significant reportable segment expenses that are regularly provided to the Chief Operating Decision
              Maker (“CODM”) and included within each reported measure of a segment’s profit or loss. This ASU also
              requires disclosure of the title and position of the individual identified as the CODM and an explanation
              of how the CODM uses the reported measures of a segment’s profit or loss in assessing segment
              performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning
              after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024.
              Adoption of the ASU should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial
              statements. Early adoption is also permitted. This ASU is currently not expected to have a material
              impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


              In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets
              (Subtopic 350-60). This ASU requires certain crypto assets to be measured at fair value separately in the
              balance sheet and income statement each reporting period. This ASU also enhances the other intangible
              asset disclosure requirements by requiring the name, cost basis, fair value, and number of units for
              each significant crypto holding. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15,
              2024, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption of the ASU requires a cumulative-
              effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of the beginning of the annual reporting
              period in which an entity adopts the amendments. Early adoption is also permitted, including adoption
              in an interim period. This ASU is currently not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s
              consolidated financial statements.




348   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (continued)
  (b) Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted (continued)

     In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
     (Topic 740). The ASU requires disaggregated information about a reporting entity’s effective tax
     rate reconciliation as well as additional information on income taxes paid. The ASU is effective on a
     prospective basis for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is also permitted
     for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. This ASU
     will result in the required additional disclosures being included in our consolidated financial statements,
     once adopted. This ASU is currently not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated
     financial statements.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         349
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      4. CONCENTRATION AND RISKS
          (a) Concentration of credit risk

              Assets that potentially subject the Group to significant concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of
              cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investment, trade receivable, amount due from
              related parties, deposits and other receivables. The maximum exposure of such assets to credit risk
              is their carrying amounts as of the balance sheet dates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the great
              majority of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments were held
              by major financial institutions located in the PRC and the United States which management believes are
              of high credit quality based on their credit ratings.


          (b) Currency convertibility risk

              The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies. The
              Group’s cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash denominated in RMB that are subject to such
              government controls amounted to RMB13,012,259 and RMB12,472,010 as of December 31, 2022 and
              2023, respectively. The value of RMB is subject to changes in the central government policies and to
              international economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign
              exchange trading system market. In the PRC, certain foreign exchange transactions are required by
              law to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions at exchange rates set by the People’s
              Bank of China (the “PBOC”). Remittances in currencies other than RMB by the Group in the PRC must
              be processed through PBOC or other Chinese foreign exchange regulatory bodies which require certain
              supporting documentation in order to process the remittance.


          (c) Foreign currency exchange rate risk

              Since July 21, 2005, the RMB has been permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against
              a basket of certain foreign currencies. While the international reaction to the RMB appreciation has
              generally been positive, there remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt
              an even more flexible currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant appreciation of
              the RMB against other currencies.




350   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




4. CONCENTRATION AND RISKS (continued)
  (d) Concentration of customers and suppliers

     The following tables summarized the customer with greater than 10% of the total revenue and account
     receivables:


                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                      2021                2022                 2023

     Percentage of the total revenue
     Customer A                                                        12%                     *                   *


                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                          2022                 2023

     Percentage of the account receivables
     Customer A                                                                            21%                 27%


     *   Less than 10%



     The following tables summarizes the supplier with greater than 10% of the total purchase and payables:


                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                      2021                2022                 2023

     Percentage of the total purchase
     Supplier A                                                        20%                 20%                 15%


                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                          2022                 2023

     Percentage of the payables
     Supplier A                                                                            31%                 20%




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023         351
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      5. INVENTORY
                                                                                        December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                 2022              2023

          Raw materials                                                                     2,974,125         2,245,076
          Work in process                                                                     170,995            90,035
          Finished Goods                                                                    4,685,790         2,646,287
          Merchandise                                                                         510,143           480,174
          Less: inventory provision                                                           (149,667)        (183,846)
          Total                                                                             8,191,386         5,277,726


          Raw materials primarily consist of materials for volume production as well as spare parts used for aftersales
          services.


          Finished goods include vehicles ready for transit at production factory, vehicles in transit to fulfill customer
          orders, new vehicles available for immediate sale at the Group’s sales and service center locations and
          charging piles.


          Merchandise includes accessories and branded merchandise which can be redeemed by customer loyalty
          program.


          Inventory write-downs recorded in cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 were
          RMB1,105, RMB148,729 and RMB65,362, respectively.


      6. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
          Prepayments and other current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                        December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                 2022              2023

          Deductible VAT input                                                                779,694         2,271,162
          Prepayment to vendors                                                               541,457           575,016
          Deposits                                                                            349,651           240,769
          Receivables from third party online payment service providers                       154,264           160,030
          Interest receivable                                                                   10,167           42,340
          Receivables from JAC                                                                196,075                  –
          Receivables of reimbursement from the depositary bank                                 87,170                 –
          Other receivables                                                                   131,963           150,857
          Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                     (4,033)           (5,411)
          Total                                                                             2,246,408         3,434,763




352   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET
  Property, plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation were as follows:


                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2022                2023
  Charging & battery swap equipment                                                  3,393,603            6,442,827
  Mold and tooling                                                                   3,901,436            6,341,011
  Production facilities                                                              3,252,362            6,025,654
  Leasehold improvements                                                             3,408,731            5,160,732
  Construction in process                                                            3,114,345            2,894,333
  Computer and electronic equipment                                                  1,250,861            1,767,634
  R&D equipment                                                                        939,586            1,469,604
  Purchased software                                                                   985,141            1,281,685
  Buildings and constructions                                                          890,576              912,378
  Subscription vehicles                                                                387,619              890,044
  Corporate vehicles                                                                   473,602              833,355
  Others                                                                               603,978            1,150,042
  Subtotal                                                                          22,601,840          35,169,299
  Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                    (6,901,232)        (10,288,331)
  Less: Accumulated impairment                                                         (41,942)            (33,964)
  Total property, plant and equipment, net                                          15,658,666          24,847,004


  The Group recorded depreciation expenses of RMB1,702,559, RMB2,874,912 and RMB3,372,673 for the
  years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


  As disclosed in Note 18, in December 2023, the Group completed the purchase of the production facilities
  in the first advanced manufacturing base, or the F1 Plant, from JAC at the consideration of RMB1.9 billion,
  inclusive of tax.


8. LAND USE RIGHTS, NET
  Land use rights and related accumulated amortization were as follows:


                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2022                2023
  Land use rights                                                                       235,198             235,198
  Less: Accumulated amortization – land use rights                                      (22,595)            (27,899)
  Total land use rights, net                                                            212,603             207,299


  The Group recorded amortization expense for land use rights of RMB4,847, RMB5,227 and RMB5,304 for the
  years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         353
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS
          The Group’s long-term investments consisted of the following:


                                                                                        December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                 2022             2023

          Equity investments:
            Equity method investments (i)                                                   1,325,800        1,505,509
            Equity securities using fair value option (iv)                                           –       1,528,861
            Equity securities without readily determinable fair value (ii)                    101,536           391,205
            Equity securities with readily determinable fair value                             48,290            45,323
          Debt investments:
            Held-to-maturity debt securities – time deposit (iii)                           3,231,924        1,875,318
            Available-for-sale debt securities (iv)                                         1,648,861           120,000
            Retained asset-backed securities (v)                                                     –           21,000
          Total                                                                             6,356,411        5,487,216


          (i) Equity method investments

              In August 2020, the Group and three other third party investors jointly established the Battery Asset
              Company. The Group invested RMB200,000 in the Battery Asset Company and held 25% of the Battery
              Asset Company’s equity interests. In December 2020, the Battery Asset Company entered into an
              agreement with the other third-party investors for a total additional investment of RMB640,000 by
              those investors. In 2021, the Group invested an additional RMB270,000 and owned approximately 19.8%
              equity interests of the Battery Asset Company. In July 2022, the Battery Asset Company entered into an
              agreement with the other third-party investors for a total additional investment of RMB40,000 by those
              investors. As of December 31, 2023, the Group owns approximately 19.4% equity interests of the Battery
              Asset Company. The Group, as a major shareholder of the Battery Asset Company, is entitled to appoint
              one out of eight directors in the Battery Asset Company’s board of directors and can exercise significant
              influence over the Battery Asset Company. Therefore, the investment in the Battery Asset Company is
              accounted for using the equity method of accounting.


              In November 2021, the Group purchased an equity investment in an investment fund held by Ningbo
              Meishan Bonded Port Area Weilan Investment Co., Ltd. (“Weilan”), a company controlled by the principal
              shareholder (and Chief Executive Officer) of the Group (Note 27), with the total consideration of
              RMB50,000. As at the date of purchase, such investment was recorded at fair value of RMB68,535 with
              the excessive amount of RMB18,535 over the purchase consideration of RMB50,000 being recorded as an
              additional paid in capital contribution from the shareholder. The Group has ownership interest of 1.03%
              in this fund but has the ability to exercise significant influence over this fund through its capacity as a
              member of its investment committee which determines the investment strategies and makes investment
              decisions for this fund. Therefore, the Group accounts for this investment under equity method.




354   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS (continued)
  (i) Equity method investments (continued)

     In April 2018, the Group and certain other third party investors jointly established a private company. The
     Group invested RMB112,500 and held 22.5% of its equity interests. The Group was entitled to appoint
     one out of five directors in its board of directors and could exercise significant influence over the private
     company. Therefore, the investment was accounted for under equity method. As of December 31, 2020,
     the carrying amount of the investment was nil due to the share of losses of the investee. In February
     2021, with the dilution of the Group’s ownership in the investee to 4.5% as a result of a financing
     transaction completed by the investee which issued new shares to new investors, the Group, after taking
     into consideration unrecognized losses of the investee (any losses cumulatively in excess of carrying
     value), recognized a dilution gain of RMB104,653 in the share of income of equity investee as an indirect
     disposal with a like adjustment to the investment carrying amount. This gain became an addition to
     the Group’s new cost basis in this investment. Upon the completion of the financing transaction of the
     investee, the Group was no longer entitled to appoint director to this investee and hence lost the ability
     to exercise significant influence. As a result, the Group discontinued the equity method accounting and
     elected to account for this investment as an equity investment without a readily determinable fair value.
     Immediately following the discontinuation of the equity method accounting, the Group remeasured the
     investment at fair value of RMB133,767 with reference to the price of the financing and recorded a gain
     of RMB29,114.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         355
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS (continued)
          (i) Equity method investments (continued)

              In 2022 and 2023, the Group invested in several private funds as a limited partner with a total amount of
              RMB192,723 and RMB94,849, respectively. The Group is not able to control the investment committee
              which determines the investment strategies and makes investment decisions for these funds, nor is the
              Group entitled to replace the general partner through kick-out rights. However, with certain voting rights
              the Group is entitled to exercise significant influence over the funds. Therefore, the Group accounts for
              these investments under equity method.


              During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group recognized RMB62,510,
              RMB377,775 and RMB64,394 of shares of income of equity investees, respectively, from all of its equity
              method investments.


              As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, none of the Group’s equity method investment, both individually or in
              aggregate, was considered as significant under Reg S-X Rules.


          (ii) Equity securities without readily determinable fair value

                                                                                       December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                2022             2023

              Equity securities without readily determinable fair value:
                 Initial cost                                                                  9,477          304,134
                 Net cumulative fair value adjustments                                        92,059           87,071
                 Carrying value                                                              101,536          391,205


              The Group has certain equity investments which are measured under the measurement alternative.
              During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, in addition to the transaction discussed
              above, the Group invested RMB4,000, RMB35 and RMB294,657 in equity securities without readily
              determinable fair value, respectively. The Group re-measured these investments based on recent
              financing transactions of these investees, which were considered as observable transactions, and
              recorded fair value gain of RMB94,711, losses of RMB2,652 and RMB4,988 in investment income during
              the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


          (iii) Held-to-maturity debt securities – time deposit

              Held-to-maturity investments represent time deposits in commercial banks with maturities of more than
              one year with carrying amounts of RMB3.2 billion and RMB1.9 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2023
              respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the weighted average maturities periods are 1.9 and 1.5
              years, respectively.




356   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS (continued)
  (iv) Available-for-sale debt securities

                                                                                  December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                         2022                2023
     Available-for-sale debt securities:
       Initial cost                                                                      671,567             120,000
       Net cumulative fair value adjustments                                             977,294                   –
       Carrying value                                                                 1,648,861              120,000


     In July 2022, the Group invested in a private company with total consideration of RMB120,000. Since
     the investment contains certain substantive preferential rights, including redemption at the holders’
     option upon occurrence of certain contingent events that are out of the investee’s control and liquidation
     preference over the rights of common shareholders, it is not considered as common stock or in-
     substance common stock and is therefore classified as available-for-sale debt investment which is
     measured at its fair value with the change of fair value recognized as other comprehensive income. For
     the year ended December 31, 2023, the fair value change of the investment was immaterial.

     In July 2021, the Group, together with several third party investors, established a fund with total capital
     contributions of RMB650,000, among which the Group contributed RMB550,000. According to the
     fund agreement, the fund is established for the sole purpose of investing in a pre-determined private
     company and the Group is able to unilaterally determine the operation and investment strategy of the
     fund. Therefore, the Group consolidated the financial statements of the fund. The investments provided
     by other investors to the fund with amount of RMB100,000 are classified as non-controlling interest.
     The fund purchased a minority interest of a private company that was pre-determined with total
     consideration of RMB650,000. Since the investment contained certain substantive preferential rights,
     including redemption at the holders’ option upon occurrence of certain contingent events that were out
     of the investee’s control and liquidation preference over the common shareholders, it was not considered
     as common stock or in-substance common stock and was therefore classified as available-for-sale
     debt investment which was measured at its fair value with the change of fair value recognized as other
     comprehensive income. In 2022, the Group entered into agreements with other third-party investors and
     disposed certain equity interests of this private company with the total consideration of RMB270,000
     and recognized investment gain of RMB171,567, among which RMB4,652 were released from unrealized
     gains of other comprehensive income.

     In November 2023, all shareholders of the investee entered into agreements and agreed to terminate
     their redemption rights, with other preferential rights being remained effective, including the rights to
     request the investee’s founders’ to repurchase shares from certain shareholders upon the achievement
     of certain contingent events (the “Put option”) and liquidation preference over the rights of common
     shareholders. As a result of these changes, the Group determined that the fund should no longer be
     considered a debt investment, but rather now included terms more akin to an equity investment. As a
     result, the Group discontinued available-for-sale debt investment accounting and accounted for this
     investment as an equity investment using the fair value option. Due to the change in the character of the
     investment and as a result of the related remeasurement, a gain on the previously held available-for-
     sale debt security was recognized by recycling a previously unrealized gain of RMB977,294 from other
     comprehensive income to investment income. Correspondingly, the deferred tax impact associated with
     this unrealised gain of RMB206,734 that was previously recorded in other comprehensive income was
     recognized in deferred income tax expenses.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         357
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS (continued)
          (iv) Available-for-sale debt securities (continued)

              As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group valued available-for-sale debt securities using a market
              approach by adopting a backsolve method which benchmarked to recent comparable financing
              transactions of these investments, and recognized a gain from the increase of the fair value of
              RMB946,571 and nil, respectively. After deducting the tax impact of RMB200,235 and nil, the Group
              recorded RMB746,336 and nil in other comprehensive income, among which RMB151,299 and nil was
              attributed to non-controlling interests.


          (v) Retained asset-backed securities

              In August 2023, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an asset-backed
              securitization arrangement and securitized receivables arising from auto financing arrangements
              through the transfer of those assets to a third party securitization entity. The securitization entity initially
              issued debt securities to investors at the total amount of RMB859 million. It is a revolving arrangement
              where the Group provides management, administration and collection services at market rates on the
              transferred financial assets, but only retains an insignificant economic interest in the securitization
              entity. As a result, the Group does not have control over the securitization entity and the transferred
              receivables were derecognized. The Group elects to classify the retained asset-backed securities as
              trading securities.


              No impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023.


      10. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
          Other non-current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                           December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                     2022              2023

          Non-current portion of auto financing receivables                                    4,501,168         2,486,326
          Long-term deposits                                                                     944,768         1,092,550
          Non-current portion of prepayments for long-term assets                                433,750         1,173,248
          Non-current portion of receivables of installment payments for battery                 221,089             59,853
          Non-current portion of right of use assets – finance lease                               49,205            55,985
          Non-current portion of national subsidy receivable                                   1,227,270                   –
          Others                                                                                 110,950             68,956
          Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                       (89,641)          (53,357)
          Total                                                                                7,398,559         4,883,561


          Long-term deposits mainly consists of deposits to vendors for guarantee of production capacity as well as
          rental deposits which will not be collectible within one year.




358   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




11. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLE
  Trade and notes payable consist of the following:


                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                           2022                 2023

  Trade payable                                                                     12,709,285          14,111,853
  Notes payable (i)                                                                 12,514,402          15,654,281
  Total                                                                             25,223,687          29,766,134


  (i) As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, notes payable includes certain supply chain financing program
     offered by banks to the Group’s suppliers. In connection with this program, the Group issues notes to
     participating suppliers which can elect to assign such notes, at a discount, to the banks for payment at
     or before the maturity of each note. The maturity of each note is consistent with the original supplier
     payment terms. All terms related to the Group’s payment obligations to participating suppliers (which
     may be assigned to the banks) remain unchanged as part of this program. As of December 31, 2022 and
     2023, the outstanding amount of the supply chain financing channels program is insignificant.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         359
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      12. ACCRUALS AND OTHER LIABILITIES
          Accruals and other liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                              2022             2023

          Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                         4,172,758        4,445,749
          Payable for R&D expenses                                                       1,814,746        2,318,679
          Salaries and benefits payable                                                  1,525,366        1,902,119
          Current portion of deferred revenue/income                                     1,273,779        1,945,021
          Payables for marketing events                                                  1,075,693        1,636,911
          Advance from customers                                                           833,779          911,006
          Warranty liabilities                                                             669,793          709,288
          Accrued costs on purchase commitments                                            792,786          521,443
          Accrued expenses                                                                 857,639          422,730
          Interest payables                                                                 32,271          135,492
          Current portion of finance lease liabilities                                      30,609           25,311
          Other payables                                                                   575,143          582,605
          Total                                                                         13,654,362       15,556,354


          As of December 31, 2022, as a result of the planned products upgrade of certain existing vehicle models, the
          Group provided a provision for purchase commitments specifically related to these vehicles with amount of
          RMB792,786. As of December 31, 2023, the unsettled amount was RMB521,443.




360   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




13. BORROWINGS
  Borrowings consist of the following:


                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                              2022                 2023

  Short-term borrowing:
    Bank loan (i)                                                                       4,039,210            4,783,000
    Other short-term financing arrangements                                                        –           302,411
  Current portion of long-term borrowings:
    Current portion of convertible notes (ii)                                                      –         3,286,640
    Current portion of long-term borrowings (iii)                                          108,320           1,144,420
    Current portion of Asset-backed Securities and Notes (iv)                           1,129,596              278,823
    Current portion of other financing arrangements                                                –             26,204
  Long-term borrowings:
    Bank loan (iii)                                                                        430,460           1,198,380
    Convertible notes (ii)                                                             10,155,599          11,575,725
    Asset-backed Securities and Notes (iv)                                                 293,945                     –
    Other financing arrangements                                                              5,795            268,756
  Total                                                                                16,162,925          22,864,359


  (i) Short-term bank loan

     As of December 31, 2022, the Group obtained short-term borrowings from several banks of
     RMB4,039,210 in aggregate. The annual interest rate of these borrowings is approximately 1.95% to
     3.5%.


     As of December 31, 2023, the Group obtained short-term borrowings from several banks of
     RMB4,783,000 in aggregate. The annual interest rate of these borrowings is approximately 2.35% to
     2.95%.


     The short-term borrowings contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, consolidation,
     merger, sale of the Group’s assets and certain financial measures which include liabilities to assets
     ratio. The Group is in compliance with all of the loan covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2023. As
     of December 31, 2022 and 2023, certain of the Group’s short-term borrowings were guaranteed by the
     Company’s subsidiaries or pledged with short-term investments of RMB348,230 and RMB354,135, and
     restricted cash of RMB355,197 and nil, respectively.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         361
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      13. BORROWINGS (continued)
          (ii) Convertible notes

              2024 Notes

              In February 2019, the Company issued US$650,000 convertible senior notes and additional US$100,000
              senior notes (collectively the “2024 Notes”) to the Notes purchasers (the “Notes Offering”). The 2024
              Notes bears interest at a rate of 4.50% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and
              August 1 of each year, beginning on August 1, 2019. The 2024 Notes is convertible into the Company’s
              American Depositary Shares at the pre-agreed fixed conversion price at the discretion of the holders
              and will mature for repayment on February 1, 2024. Holders of the 2024 Notes are entitled to require
              the Company to repurchase all or part of the 2024 Notes in cash on February 1, 2022 or in the event of
              certain fundamental changes. In connection with the Notes Offering, the Company entered into capped
              call transactions with certain Notes purchasers and/or their respective affiliates and/or other financial
              institutions (the “Capped Call Option Counterparties”) and used a portion of the net proceeds of the
              Notes Offering to pay the cost of such transactions. In addition, the Company also entered into privately
              negotiated zero-strike call option transactions with certain Notes purchasers or their respective
              affiliates (the “Zero-Strike Call Option Counterparties”) and used a portion of the net proceeds of the
              Notes Offering to pay the aggregate premium under such transactions. The Company accounts for
              the 2024 Notes as a single instruments as a long-term debt. The debt issuance cost were recorded as
              reduction to the long-term debts and are amortized as interest expenses using the effective interest
              method. The value of the 2024 Notes are measured by the cash received. The cost for the capped call
              transactions have been recorded as deduction of additional paid-in capital within total shareholders’
              deficit. The zero-strike call option was deemed as a prepaid forward to purchase the Company’s own
              shares and recognized as permanent equity at its fair value at inception as a reduction to additional paid
              in capital in the consolidated balance sheet. In November 2020, US$7.0 in aggregate principal amount of
              such Notes were converted, pursuant to which the Company issued 735 Class A ordinary shares to the
              holders of such Notes. The balance of the Notes converted were derecognized and recorded as ordinary
              shares and additional paid-in capital.


              On January 15, 2021, the Company entered into separate and individually privately negotiated
              agreements with certain holders of its outstanding 2024 Notes to exchange US$581,685 principal
              amount of the outstanding 2024 Notes for 62,192,017 ADSs with a conversion premium of US$56,359 (the
              “2024 Notes Exchanges”). In connection with the 2024 Notes Exchanges, the Company also entered into
              agreements with certain financial institutions to terminate a portion of the capped call transactions and
              Zero-Strike Call transactions with the amount corresponding to the portion of the principal amount of
              the 2024 Notes that were exchanged. With above termination of the capped call transactions and Zero-
              Strike Call transactions, the Company received 16,402,643 treasury shares accordingly.




362   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




13. BORROWINGS (continued)
  (ii) Convertible notes (continued)

     2024 Notes (continued)

     For the 2024 Notes Exchanges, the 2024 Notes with carrying amount of US$578,902 were derecognised
     with a corresponding amount being recognised as share capital and additional paid-in capital. The
     conversion premium of US$56,359 was recorded as interest expenses according to ASC 470-20-40-
     16, which requires a reporting entity to recognize an expense equal to the fair value of the shares or
     other consideration issued to induce conversion, i.e., the excess of the fair value of all consideration
     transferred over the fair value of the securities transferred pursuant to the original conversion terms.
     For the terminations of the capped call transactions and Zero-Strike Call transactions, the amount
     of the purchase price of the capped call transactions and Zero-Strike Call transactions terminated of
     RMB1,849,600 that was previously recorded in the additional paid-in capital was reclassified to treasury
     stock.


     During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, US$1,642 and nil in aggregate principal amount
     of such Notes were converted, pursuant to which the Company issued 172,631 and nil Class A ordinary
     shares to the holders of such Notes respectively. The balance of the Notes converted were derecognized
     in January and March 2022 and was recorded as ordinary shares and additional paid-in capital.


     As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the remaining 2024 Notes with the amount of
     RMB1,144,464 was classified in non-current liabilities. As of December 31, 2023, the carrying value of
     the remaining 2024 Notes with the amount of RMB1,165,244 were classified in current liabilities as the
     2024 Notes will mature in February 2024.


     Affiliate Notes

     On September 5, 2019, the Company issued US$200,000 convertible senior notes to an affiliate
     of Tencent Holdings Limited and Mr. Bin Li, chairman and chief executive officer of the Company
     (collectively the “Affiliate Notes”). Tencent and Mr. Li each subscribed for US$100,000 principal amount
     of the convertible notes, each in two equally split tranches. The 360-day Notes would be convertible
     into Class A ordinary shares (or ADSs) of the Company at a conversion price of US$2.98 per ADS at the
     holder’s option from the 15th day immediately prior to maturity, and the 3-year Notes will be convertible
     into Class A ordinary shares (or ADSs) of the Company at a conversion price of US$3.12 per ADS at the
     holder’s option from the first anniversary of the issuance date. The holders of the 3-year Notes will
     have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of the Notes or any portion thereof on
     February 1, 2022.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         363
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      13. BORROWINGS (continued)
          (ii) Convertible notes (continued)

              Affiliate Notes (continued)

              In September and December 2020, all of the 360-day Notes due in 2020 and US$50,000 in aggregate
              principal amount of the 3-year Notes due in 2022 were converted, pursuant to which the Company issued
              49,582,686 Class A ordinary shares to the holders of such Notes. Such Notes were derecognized and
              recorded as ordinary shares and additional paid-in capital. In January 2021, US$22,526 (RMB148,393)
              in aggregate principal amount of the 3-year Notes due in 2022 were converted, pursuant to which the
              Company issued 7,219,872 Class A ordinary shares to the holders of such Notes. Such Notes were
              derecognized and recorded as ordinary shares and additional paid-in capital. As of December 31, 2021,
              the balances of these convertible notes outstanding were RMB175,166 in current liabilities. In August
              2022, US$27,474 (RMB189,494) in aggregate principal amount of the 3-year Notes due in 2022 were
              converted, pursuant to which the Company issued 8,805,770 Class A ordinary shares to the holders
              of such Notes. Such Notes were derecognized and recorded as ordinary shares and additional paid-in
              capital with amount of RMB15 and RMB207,457 respectively. As of December 31, 2022, all of the the
              3-year Notes have been converted.


              2026 and 2027 Notes

              In January 2021, the Company issued US$750,000 convertible senior Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”)
              and US$750,000 convertible senior Notes due 2027 (the “2027 Notes”). The 2026 Notes bears no interest
              and the 2027 Notes bears interest at a rate of 0.50% per year, which is payable semiannually in arrears
              on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on August 1, 2021. Holders may convert their 2026
              Notes at their option prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding August
              1, 2025, and holders may convert their 2027 Notes at their option prior to the close of business on the
              business day immediately preceding August 1, 2026. The initial conversion price is US$93.06 per ADS for
              the Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or
              deliver, as the case may be, cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at the Company’s discretion.
              Holders of the 2026 Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase in cash for all or part of
              their Notes on February 1, 2024 or in the event of certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price
              equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased. Holders of the 2027 Notes have
              the right to require the Company to repurchase in cash for all or part of their Notes on February 1, 2025
              or in the event of certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
              amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


              The Company early adopted ASU 2020-06 which eliminates the cash conversion accounting models for
              2026 Notes and 2027 Notes. Accordingly, the principal amount of these Notes was reported as one single
              unit of account in long-term borrowings at its principal amount, net of debt issuance costs of US$26,340,
              on the basis of not electing fair value option for the Notes and no substantial premium to be offered. The
              Notes are subsequently measured at amortized cost with interest expenses accrued over the term of
              these Notes using the effective interest method.




364   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




13. BORROWINGS (continued)
  (ii) Convertible notes (continued)

     2026 and 2027 Notes (continued)

     In 2022, the Company repurchased the aggregated portion of 2026 Notes with the carrying amount
     of US$190,962 (RMB1,317,106). As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of the Notes were
     RMB9,011,135.


     In 2023, the Company repurchased the aggregated portion of 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes with the
     carrying amount of US$253,762 (RMB1,801,685) and US$242,249 (RMB1,719,944), respectively.
     As of December 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the remaining 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes were
     RMB2,121,397 and RMB3,552,323, respectively. The Company reclassified the carrying value of the
     remaining 2026 Notes with the amount of RMB2,121,397 in current liabilities to reflect the early
     redemption right by 2026 Notes holders on February 1, 2024.


     2029 and 2030 Notes

     In September and October 2023, the Company issued US$575,000 convertible senior Notes due 2029 (the
     “2029 Notes”) and US$575,000 convertible senior Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Notes”). The 2029 Notes
     bears interest at a rate of 3.875% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October
     15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2024. The 2030 Notes bears interest at a rate of 4.625% per
     year, payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15,
     2024. Holders may convert their 2029 Notes at their option prior to the close of business on the second
     scheduled trading day immediately preceding October 15, 2029, and holders may convert their 2030
     Notes at their option prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately
     preceding October 15, 2030. The initial conversion price is US$11.12 per ADS for the Notes, subject to
     customary anti-dilution adjustments. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case
     may be, cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at the Company’s discretion. Holders of the
     2029 Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase in cash for all or part of their Notes on
     October 15, 2027 or in the event of certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of
     the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased. Holders of the 2030 Notes have the right to require
     the Company to repurchase in cash for all or part of their Notes on October 15, 2028 or in the event of
     certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes
     to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


     The Company accounted for 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes in accordance with ASU 2020-06 which
     eliminates the cash conversion accounting models. Accordingly, the principal amount of these Notes
     was reported as one single unit of account in long-term borrowings at its principal amount, net of
     debt issuance costs of US$17,855, on the basis of not electing fair value option for the Notes and no
     substantial premium to be offered. The Notes are subsequently measured at amortized cost with interest
     expenses accrued over the term of these Notes using the effective interest method. As of December 31,
     2023, the carrying amount of the Notes were RMB8,023,401.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         365
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      13. BORROWINGS (continued)
          (iii) Long-term bank loan

                                                                                                   As of December 31, 2022                        As of December 31, 2023

                                                                                                        Current portion                                Current portion
                                                                                                           according to                                  according to
                                                                      Maturity/           Outstanding   the repayment        Long-term   Outstanding   the repayment        Long-term
              Ref.    Date of borrowing   Lender/Banks                Repayment date             loan         schedule         portion          loan         schedule         portion

              1       March 7,2022        Bank of Beijing             March 6,2024           149,000             2,000         147,000      147,000           147,000              –
              2       June 15, 2022       Bank of Shanghai            June 15, 2025          172,980            46,320         126,660      126,660            46,320          80,340
              3       June 22, 2022       Hang Seng Bank              June 22, 2024          180,000            60,000         120,000      120,000           120,000              –
              4       July 25, 2022       China Construction Bank     July 25, 2029             6,800                –           6,800         6,800              340           6,460
              5       July 26, 2022       Industrial and Commercial   July 25, 2029           10,200                 –          10,200        10,200              510           9,690
                                            Bank of China
              6       August 24, 2022     China Construction Bank     July 25, 2029           19,800                 –          19,800        19,800              990          18,810
              7       January 19,2023     China Construction Bank     July 25, 2029                –                 –              –       313,400            15,670         297,730
              8       January 20,2023     Industrial and Commercial   July 25, 2029                –                 –              –       499,800            24,990         474,810
                                            Bank of China
              9       February 24, 2023   Bank of Beijing             February 24, 2025            –                 –              –       127,500            30,000          97,500
              10      March 31,2023       Bank of Shanghai            April 30, 2024               –                 –              –       650,000           650,000              –
              11      September 18,2023 Bank of Shanghai              September 18,2026            –                 –              –       321,640           108,600         213,040
              Total                                                                          538,780           108,320         430,460     2,342,800        1,144,420       1,198,380


              The long-term borrowings contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, consolidation,
              merger and sale of the Group’s assets and certain financial measures which includes liabilities to assets
              ratio. The Group is in compliance with all of the loan covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2023.


              As of December 31, 2022, the Group had bank facilities with aggregated amount of RMB56,121,492
              which consists of non-collateral based bank facilities of RMB28,411,492 and collateral-based bank
              facilities of RMB27,710,000. Out of the total non-collateral bank facilities, RMB2,838,780, RMB3,264,275
              and RMB350,000 were used for bank borrowing, issuance of letters of guarantee and bank’s acceptance
              notes, respectively. Out of the total collateral-based bank facilities, RMB2,650,000, RMB5,884,500 and
              RMB300,000 were used for issuance of letters of guarantee, bank’s acceptance notes and letter of credit,
              respectively.


              As of December 31, 2023, the Group had bank facilities with aggregated amount of RMB64,464,118
              which consists of non-collateral based bank facilities of RMB16,348,270 and collateral-based bank
              facilities of RMB48,115,848. Out of the total non-collateral bank facilities, RMB5,492,800, RMB1,201,226
              and RMB250,000 were used for bank borrowing, issuance of letters of guarantee and bank’s acceptance
              notes, respectively. Out of the total collateral-based bank facilities, RMB2,588,913, RMB14,713,855
              and nil were used for issuance of letters of guarantee, bank’s acceptance notes and letter of credit,
              respectively.




366   NIO Inc.
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




13. BORROWINGS (continued)
  (iv) Asset-backed securities and notes

     The Group entered into several asset-backed securitization arrangements with third-party financial
     institutions and set up securitization vehicles to issue the senior debt securities and notes to third
     party investors, which are collateralized by the auto financing receivables (the “transferred financial
     assets”). The Group also acts as servicer to provide management, administration and collection
     services on the transferred financial assets. The Group consolidated the securitization vehicles when
     significant economic interests are retained in the form of subordinated interests. The proceeds from
     the issuance of debt securities and notes are reported as securitization debt. The securities and notes
     are due for repayment when collections on the underlying collateralized assets occur and the amounts
     are included in “Current portion of long-term borrowings” or “Long-term borrowings” according to the
     contractual maturities date of the debt securities and notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the
     balance of current portion of asset-backed securities and notes are RMB1,129,596 and RMB278,823,
     and the balance of non-current portion of asset-backed securities and notes are RMB293,945 and nil,
     respectively.


14. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Other non-current liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                              2022                 2023

  Deferred revenue                                                                      2,288,111            3,051,022
  Warranty liabilities                                                                  2,277,144            3,202,936
  Deferred government grants                                                               309,762             323,980
  Non-current finance lease liabilities                                                     14,457               22,173
  Others                                                                                   254,553               63,694
  Total                                                                                 5,144,027            6,663,805


  Deferred government grants mainly consist of specific government subsidies for purchase of land use right
  and buildings, charging and battery swap equipment, which is amortized using the straight-line method as a
  deduction of the amortization or depreciation expense of the relevant assets over their remaining estimated
  useful life.


15. LEASES
  The Group has entered into various non-cancellable operating and finance lease agreements for certain
  offices, factory, warehouses, retail and service locations, equipment and vehicles worldwide. The Group
  determines if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at inception and record the leases in the
  financial statements upon lease commencement, which is the date when the underlying asset is made
  available for use by the lessor.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         367
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      15. LEASES (continued)
          The balances for the operating and finance leases where the Group is the lessee are presented as follows
          within the consolidated balance sheet:


                                                                                   December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                           2022            2023

          Operating leases:
          Right-of-use assets – operating lease                                       7,374,456      11,404,116

          Current portion of operating lease liabilities                              1,025,968        1,743,156
          Non-current operating lease liabilities                                     6,517,096      10,070,057
          Total operating lease liabilities                                           7,543,064      11,813,213

          Finance leases:
          Right-of-use assets – finance lease                                            49,205           55,985

          Current portion of finance lease liabilities                                   30,609           25,311
          Non-current finance lease liabilities                                          14,457           22,173
          Total finance lease liabilities                                                45,066           47,484


          The components of lease expenses were as follows:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,

          Lease cost:                                                                      2022            2023

          Amortization of right-of-use assets                                         1,141,740        1,529,463
          Interest of operating lease liabilities                                       310,701         566,704
          Expenses for short-term leases within 12 months and other
            non-lease component                                                         407,850         544,640
          Total lease cost                                                            1,860,291        2,640,807




368   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




15. LEASES (continued)
  Other information related to leases where the Group is the lessee is as follows:


                                                                                              As of               As of
                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                              2022                2023

  Weighted-average remaining lease term:
    Operating leases                                                                    11.6 years          12.0 years
    Finance leases                                                                       2.9 years           4.4 years


  Weighted-average discount rate:
    Operating leases                                                                        5.09%                4.92%
    Finance leases                                                                          5.58%                5.22%


  Supplemental cash flow information related to leases where we are the lessee is as follows:


                                                                                         For the Year Ended
                                                                                             December 31,

                                                                                             2022                 2023

  Operating cash outflows from operating leases                                        1,280,125            2,220,978
  Operating cash outflows from finance leases (interest payments)                            4,906               2,122
  Financing cash outflows from finance leases                                              27,489               37,511
  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities                       5,820,041            6,339,111




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         369
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      15. LEASES (continued)
          As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the maturities of our operating and finance lease liabilities (excluding
          short-term leases) are as follows:


                                                                    As of December 31,             As of December 31
                                                                             2022                         2023

                                                                  Operating         Finance       Operating       Finance
                                                                        Leases      Leases          Leases         Leases

          2023                                                    1,574,692          35,151              –                –
          2024                                                    1,426,176          17,299       2,658,392        28,395
          2025                                                    1,213,535              6,717    1,949,316        11,342
          2026                                                    1,038,903              6,277    1,724,905        10,588
          2027                                                      837,505              4,737    1,449,608            8,899
          2028                                                      768,279               294     1,173,595            4,880
          Thereafter                                              4,499,959              1,856    8,241,769            2,319
          Total minimum lease payments                          11,359,049           72,331      17,197,585        66,423
          Less: Interest                                         (3,815,985)        (27,265)     (5,384,372)      (18,939)
          Present value of lease obligations                      7,543,064          45,066      11,813,213        47,484
          Less: Current portion                                  (1,025,968)        (30,609)     (1,743,156)      (25,311)
          Long-term portion of lease obligations                  6,517,096          14,457      10,070,057        22,173


          As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group had future minimum lease payments for non-cancelable
          short-term operating leases of RMB304,213 and RMB537,432, respectively.




370   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




16. REVENUE
  Revenue by source consists of the following:


                                                                           Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2021                2022                 2023

  Vehicle sales                                                  33,169,740           45,506,581          49,257,270
  Parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services                806,079           1,228,385            2,337,490
  Provision of power solution                                        811,809           1,016,094            1,666,346
  Others                                                           1,348,795           1,517,501            2,356,827
  Total                                                          36,136,423           49,268,561          55,617,933


  For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, revenue recognised at a point in time was
  RMB35,416,050, RMB47,734,716 and RMB53,401,464, respectively, and revenue recognised over time was
  RMB720,373, RMB1,533,845 and RMB2,216,470, respectively.


17. DEFERRED REVENUE/INCOME
  The following table shows a reconciliation in the current reporting period related to carried-forward deferred
  revenue/income.


                                                                           Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2021                2022                 2023

  Deferred revenue/income-beginning of year                        1,061,254           2,197,766            3,561,890
  Additions                                                        1,934,086           2,483,462            3,138,343
  Recognition                                                       (795,878)          (1,124,186)         (1,705,134)
  Effects on foreign exchange adjustment                               (1,696)               4,848                 944
  Deferred revenue/income-end of year                              2,197,766           3,561,890            4,996,043


  Deferred revenue mainly includes the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are
  unsatisfied, or partially satisfied, which mainly arises from the undelivered home chargers, the vehicle
  connectivity services, the extended warranty services, battery swapping services as well as the points
  offered to customers, with unrecognized deferred revenue balance of RMB3,546,849 and RMB4,996,043 as
  of December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         371
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      17. DEFERRED REVENUE/INCOME (continued)
          The Group expects that approximately 39% of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance
          obligation as at December 31, 2023 will be recognized as revenue during the period from January 1, 2024 to
          December 31, 2024. The remaining 61% will be recognized during the period from January 1, 2025 to June
          30, 2028.

          Deferred income includes the reimbursement from a depository bank in connection with the advancement
          of the Company’s ADS and investor relations programs in the next five years. The Company initially recorded
          the payment from the depository bank as deferred income and then recognized as other income over the
          beneficial period, with unrecognized deferred income balance of RMB15,041 and nil as of December 31,
          2022 and 2023, respectively.

      18. MANUFACTURING IN COLLABORATION WITH JAC
          Since 2016, the Group have been partnering with Jianghuai Automobile Group Ltd., or JAC, a major state-
          owned automobile manufacturer in China, for the joint manufacturing of the Group’s vehicles. JAC built
          the JAC-NIO manufacturing plant in Hefei, Anhui province, the first advanced manufacturing base, or the
          F1 Plant, for the production of the ES8, the ES6, the EC6, the ET7 and potentially the Group’s other vehicle
          models. Further, in September 2022, the Group entered into a manufacturing cooperation agreement with
          JAC, under which JAC will jointly manufacture the ET5 and potentially the Group’s other vehicle models in
          the second advanced manufacturing base, or the F2 Plant, in NeoPark, a smart electric vehicle industry park
          at Xinqiao, Hefei. The fees payable to JAC under the above agreements consist of the following: (i) asset
          depreciation and amortization with regard to the assets JAC invested and to invest for the manufacture of
          NIO models as actually incurred, payable monthly and subject to adjustment annually; (ii) vehicle production
          and processing fees recorded on per-vehicle basis, payable monthly and subject to adjustment annually; (iii)
          purchase amount of certain production materials; and (iv) relevant tax. In addition, the Group also agreed
          to pay certain compensation up to a capped amount for JAC’s investment in F1 Plant, including for the land,
          factory and equipment.

          In conjunction with the aforementioned manufacturing cooperation agreement, in December 2022, the
          Group and JAC entered into an Asset Transfer Agreement where the Group agreed to sell and JAC agreed to
          acquire certain production facilities (the “Transferred Assets”) with a total consideration of RMB1.7 billion
          inclusive of tax. As of December 31, 2022, JAC had accepted the Transferred Assets and assumed the legal
          title of the Transferred Assets. Considering that (1) the Transferred Assets are designated to be used for
          the manufacturing of the Group’s vehicle models only and do not have substantive alternative use; (2) all
          costs incurred in relation to the Transferred Assets, including depreciation and maintenance costs and
          relevant tax and surcharges, are undertaken by and charged to the Group; (3) the Group also has the right
          to obtain the economic benefits from all outputs of the Transferred Assets, management concluded that
          the Group still retained the control of the Transferred Assets and this transaction was a failed sale and
          leaseback transaction with no sales of the Transferred Assets recognized by the Group. The Transferred
          Assets continue to be accounted for as the Group’s property, plant and equipment subject to depreciation.
          The sales consideration from JAC will be recorded as a financing payable when the Group receives the
          cash. As of December 31, 2023, JAC had fully paid the consideration. In December 2023, pursuant to an
          asset transfer agreement with JAC, the Group agreed to purchase the Transferred Assets back at the
          consideration of RMB1.7 billion, inclusive of tax, and the consideration was paid in full by end of December
          2023. In December 2023, the Group also agreed to purchase the production facilities in F1 Plant from JAC
          at the consideration of RMB1.9 billion, inclusive of tax. As of December 31, 2023, both purchases of the
          Transferred Assets and F1 Plant have been consummated.




372   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




18. MANUFACTURING IN COLLABORATION WITH JAC (continued)
  For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the aggregate fees to JAC under the above
  collaboration arrangement were RMB715,118, RMB1,126,523 and RMB1,318,524, respectively, and were
  included in cost of sales.


19. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES
  Research and development expenses consist of the following:


                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2021                2022                 2023

  Employee compensation                                           2,658,158           6,684,971            8,998,415
  Design and development expenses                                 1,572,834           3,276,915            3,019,403
  Depreciation and amortization expenses                            214,312              333,097             720,737
  Rental and related expenses                                         53,846             193,132             273,493
  Travel and entertainment expenses                                   43,732             111,531             135,891
  Others                                                              48,970             236,615             283,460
  Total                                                           4,591,852          10,836,261          13,431,399


20. SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
  Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of the following:


                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2021                2022                 2023

  Employee compensation                                           2,894,308           4,532,553            5,929,888
  Marketing and promotional expenses                              1,428,290           1,775,539            2,642,531
  Rental and related expenses                                       845,512           1,336,575            1,683,929
  Professional services                                             521,327              944,160             550,011
  IT consumable, office supply and other low value
    consumable                                                      247,828              545,498             581,193
  Depreciation and amortization expenses                            337,708              484,363             672,669
  Other Taxes and Surcharges                                        198,572              285,076             290,456
  Travel and entertainment expenses                                   80,726             162,924             218,396
  Expected credit losses                                              54,332              48,707              (26,315)
  Others                                                            269,529              421,724             341,798
  Total                                                           6,878,132          10,537,119          12,884,556




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         373
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      21. REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
          Investment in NIO China

          On April 29, 2020, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into definitive agreements, as
          amended and supplemented in May and June 2020, for investments in NIO China, with a group of investors
          (collectively, the “Strategic Investors”), pursuant to which, the Strategic Investors agreed to invest an
          aggregate of RMB7.0 billion in cash into NIO China for its non-controlling interest. In June and July 2020,
          the Company received RMB5.0 billion. On September 16, 2020, pursuant to a share transfer agreement,
          the Company repurchased 8.612% equity interests owned by one of the Strategic Investors with the total
          consideration of RMB511,458, consisting of the actual capital investment plus accrued interest, and the
          Group assumed the remaining cash consideration obligation of RMB2.0 billion of the Strategic Investors.
          On February 2021, the Group, purchased from two of the Strategic Investors an aggregate of 3.305% equity
          interests in NIO China for a total consideration of RMB5.5 billion and subscribed for newly increased
          registered capital of NIO China at a subscription price of RMB10.0 billion. In September 2021, the Company
          repurchased 1.418% equity interests from the Strategic Investors for a total consideration of RMB2.5
          billion and recorded an amount of RMB2,023,534 in accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests to
          redemption value. As of December 31, 2023, the Company held 92.114% controlling equity interests in NIO
          China.


          Each of the Strategic Investors has the right to request the Company to redeem their equity interests in NIO
          China at an agreed price in case of NIO China’s failure to submit the application for a qualified initial public
          offering in 48 months commencing from June 29, 2020, failure to complete a qualified initial public offering
          in 60 months commencing from June 29, 2020, or other events as set forth in the share purchase agreement.
          The agreed price is calculated based on each non-controlling shareholder’s cash investment to NIO China
          plus an annual interest rate of 8.5%.


          As the redemption is at the holders’ option and is upon the occurrence of the events that are not solely
          within the control of the Company, these Strategic Investors’ contributions in NIO China were classified as
          mezzanine equity and is subsequently accreted to the redemption price using the effective interest method
          with accretion recorded as a reduction of additional paid in capital.


          For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Company recorded RMB6,586,579, RMB279,355
          and RMB303,163 of accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests to redemption value. As of
          December 31, 2022 and 2023, the balance of redeemable non-controlling interests was RMB3,557,221 and
          RMB3,860,384, respectively.




374   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




22. ORDINARY SHARES
  Upon inception, each ordinary share was issued at a par value of US$0.00025 per share. Various numbers
  of ordinary shares have been issued to share-based compensation award recipients since inception. Each
  Class A ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at general
  meetings of the Company, each Class B ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof to four (4) votes on all
  matters subject to vote at general meetings of the Company, and each Class C ordinary share shall entitle
  the holder thereof to eight (8) votes on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of the Company.


  Each Class C ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share, whereas Class A ordinary shares
  are not convertible into Class C ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any transfer of Class C
  ordinary shares by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder, such Class
  C ordinary shares are automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class A ordinary
  shares.


  As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the authorized share capital of the Company is US$1,000 divided into
  4,000,000,000 shares, comprising of: 2,632,030,222 Class A Ordinary Shares, nil Class B Ordinary Shares
  and 148,500,000 Class C Ordinary Shares, each at a par value of US$0.00025 per share, and 1,219,469,778
  shares of a par value of US$0.00025 each of such class or classes as the board of directors may determine.


  In 2020, the Company consummated the follow-on offerings of a total of 82,800,000, 101,775,000 and
  78,200,000 American depositary shares (the “ADSs”) at a price of US$5.95, US$17.00 and US$39.00 per ADS,
  respectively.


  In 2021, the Company completed the issuance of 53,292,401 ADSs with net proceeds of RMB12,677,554
  (US$1,974,000) through an at-the-market offering.


  In 2023, the Company completed a US$2,943.5 million strategic equity investment from CYVN Investments
  RSC Ltd, an affiliate of CYVN Holdings L.L.C., an investment vehicle majority owned by the Abu Dhabi
  Government (collectively referred to as “CYVN Entities”) which subscribed 378,695,543 newly issued Class A
  ordinary shares from the Company.


  As disclosed in Note 13 (ii), in 2022 and 2023, certain convertible notes were converted by respective
  holders, pursuant to which the Company issued 8,978,401 and nil ADSs, respectively.


  Upon the Company’s listing of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, all of the
  Company’s Class B ordinary shares were converted to Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the conversion
  notice delivered by the relevant shareholders. The shareholding structure of Class B ordinary shares and
  provisions related to Class B ordinary shares have been removed in the Company’s amended and restated
  memorandum and articles of association, as approved by the Company’s shareholders at the annual general
  meeting held at August 25, 2022.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         375
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      22. ORDINARY SHARES (continued)
          As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, 4,000,000,000 ordinary shares were authorized, 1,680,220,892
          shares and 2,073,522,118 shares were issued, and 1,662,159,868 shares and 2,055,461,094 shares were
          outstanding, respectively. The share number excludes 24,279,105 Class A Ordinary Shares issued to the
          depositary bank for bulk issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuance upon the exercise or vesting of
          awards granted under the Company’s share incentive plans.


      23. NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST
          Investment in NIO AI Technology

          In March 2021, the Group established a subsidiary named NIO AI Technology by subscribing its ordinary
          shares with equity interests of 51% and the remaining interests held by an employee of the Group. In August
          2022, the Group subscribed a certain number of Series Seed Preferred Shares issued by NIO AI Technology.
          Upon the completion of this transaction, the Group held 96.97% equity interests in NIO AI Technology and
          continued to control NIO AI Technology. The Group accounted for the change of equity interests in NIO AI
          as an equity transaction by adjusting the carrying value of the non-controlling interests and the Group’s
          additional paid-in capital with an amount of RMB184,085.


      24. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
          Compensation expenses recognized for share-based awards granted by the Company were as follows:


                                                                           For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                             2021             2022            2023

          Cost of sales                                                    34,009           66,914           83,972
          Research and development expenses                               406,940        1,323,370       1,517,206
          Selling, general and administrative expenses                    569,191          905,612          767,863
          Total                                                         1,010,140        2,295,896       2,369,041


          There was no income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for
          share-based compensation expenses and the Group did not capitalize any of the share-based compensation
          expenses as part of the cost of any assets in the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023.




376   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




24. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
  (a) NIO Incentive Plans

     In 2015, the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2015 Plan”), which allows the plan
     administrator to grant share options and restricted shares of the Company to its employees, directors,
     and consultants.


     The Company granted both share options and restricted shares to the employees. The share options
     and restricted shares of the Company under 2015 Plan have a contractual term of ten years from the
     grant date, and vest over a period of four years of continuous service, one fourth (1/4) of which vest upon
     the first anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date and the remaining vest ratably over the
     following 36 months. Under the 2015 Plan, share options granted to the non-NIO US employees of the
     Group are only exercisable upon the occurrence of an initial public offering by the Company.


     In 2016, 2017 and 2018, the Board of Directors further approved the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the
     “2016 Plan”), the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2017 Plan”) and the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the
     “2018 Plan”). The share options of the Company under the 2016 Plan, 2017 Plan and 2018 Plan have a
     contractual term of seven or ten years from the grant date, and vest immediately or over a period of four
     or five years of continuous service.


     The Group recognized the share options and restricted shares of the Company granted to the employees
     of the Group on a straight-line basis over the vesting term of the awards, net of estimated forfeitures.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         377
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      24. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
          (a) NIO Incentive Plans (continued)

              (i) Share Options

                  The following table summarizes activities of the Company’s share options under the 2016, 2017 and
                  2018 Plans for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023:


                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                      Weighted      Average
                                                                        Number of      Average    Remaining    Aggregate
                                                                          Options     Exercise   Contractual    Intrinsic
                                                                    Outstanding          Price          Life       Value

                                                                                          US$       In Years        US$

                  Outstanding as of December 31, 2020                   79,318,499        3.59          6.39   3,581,119
                    Granted                                              2,468,150       13.89            –            –
                    Exercised                                           (9,119,048)       2.31            –            –
                    Cancelled                                           (2,143,711)      12.59            –            –
                    Expired                                                (25,940)      19.03            –            –
                  Outstanding as of December 31, 2021                   70,497,950        4.76          5.44   1,944,597

                    Granted                                              1,685,000        3.03            –            –
                    Exercised                                           (4,533,690)       2.58            –            –
                    Cancelled                                           (1,197,777)      10.76            –            –
                    Expired                                               (467,608)      12.03            –            –
                  Outstanding as of December 31, 2022                   65,983,875        3.57          4.51     465,353

                    Granted                                              1,487,000        2.39            –            –
                    Exercised                                           (4,242,054)       2.63            –            –
                    Cancelled                                             (482,775)      10.25            –            –
                    Expired                                               (126,634)      37.34            –            –
                  Outstanding as of December 31, 2023                   62,619,412        3.48          3.56    423,637
                  Vested and expected to vest as of
                    December 31,2023                                    62,553,567        3.48          3.56    403,072
                  Exercisable as of December 31, 2023                   58,961,360        3.35          3.43    399,989




378   NIO Inc.
                                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




24. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
  (a) NIO Incentive Plans (continued)

     (i) Share Options (continued)

        The total share-based compensation expenses recognized for share options during the years ended
        December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was RMB534,641, RMB379,178 and RMB201,023, respectively.
        The weighted-average grant date fair value for options granted under the Company’s 2016, 2017 and
        2018 Plans during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was US$33.54, US$19.27 and
        US$6.66, respectively, computed using the binomial option pricing model with the assumptions (or
        ranges thereof) in the following table:


                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                          2021                      2022                       2023

        Exercise price (US$)                       2.39     –    42.20       2.39     –      19.91      2.39      –       2.39
        Fair value of the ordinary shares
          on the date of option grant (US$)       39.54     –    42.20     10.34      –      19.61      6.66      –       6.66
        Risk-free interest rate                   1.08%     –    1.47%     2.50%      –     2.56%      3.70%      –     3.70%
        Exercise multiple                                         2.5x                        2.5x                        2.5x
        Expected dividend yield                                    0%                          0%                          0%
        Expected volatility                                       55%                         56%                         57%
        Expected forfeiture rate (post-vesting)                    2%                        1.5%                        1.8%


        Risk-free interest rate is estimated based on the yield curve of US Sovereign Bond as of the option
        valuation date. The expected volatility at the grant date and each option valuation date is estimated
        based on annualized standard deviation of daily stock price return of comparable companies with a
        time horizon close to the expected expiry of the term of the options. The Company has never declared
        or paid any cash dividends on its capital stock, and the Group does not anticipate any dividend
        payments in the foreseeable future. Expected term is the contract life of the options.


        As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, there were RMB219,781 and RMB62,135 of unrecognized
        compensation expenses related to the stock options granted to the employees, which is expected to
        be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.77 and 0.18 years, respectively.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023         379
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      24. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
          (a) NIO Incentive Plans (continued)

              (ii) Restricted shares

                  The fair value of each restricted share granted with service conditions is estimated based on the fair
                  market value of the underlying ordinary shares of the Company on the date of grant.


                  Share-based compensation expenses of RMB20,820, RMB118,700 and RMB89,581 related to
                  restricted shares granted to the employees of NIO US was recognized for the years ended December
                  31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


                  The following table summarizes activities of the Company’s restricted shares to US employees under
                  the 2016 Plan:


                                                                                          Number of         Weighted
                                                                                          Restricted          Average
                                                                                              Shares       Grant Date
                                                                                        Outstanding         Fair Value

                                                                                                                  US$

                  Unvested at December 31, 2021                                            1,138,196             41.93
                    Granted                                                                2,353,714             16.00
                    Vested                                                                  (291,069)            36.44
                    Forfeited                                                               (232,483)            29.70
                  Unvested at December 31, 2022                                            2,968,358             23.87

                    Granted                                                                1,190,820             10.02
                    Vested                                                                  (574,621)            23.97
                    Forfeited                                                              (1,299,475)           20.66

                  Unvested at December 31, 2023                                            2,285,082            16.45




380   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




24. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
  (a) NIO Incentive Plans (continued)

     (ii) Restricted shares (continued)

        As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, there were RMB428,463 and RMB256,410 of unrecognized
        compensation expenses related to restricted shares granted to the employees of NIO US, which is
        expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.48 and 3.23 years, respectively.


        The following table summarizes activities of the Company’s restricted shares to non-US employees
        under the 2017 and 2018 plan:


                                                                                      Number of             Weighted
                                                                                      Restricted              Average
                                                                                           Shares         Grant Date
                                                                                    Outstanding            Fair Value

                                                                                                                   US$

        Unvested at December 31, 2021                                                 22,899,941                 33.02

          Granted                                                                     31,944,551                 15.12
          Vested                                                                       (4,687,528)               34.49
          Forfeited                                                                    (3,172,211)               28.42
        Unvested at December 31, 2022                                                 46,984,753                 22.88

          Granted                                                                     23,749,757                   8.67
          Vested                                                                       (9,789,008)               23.32
          Forfeited                                                                    (7,166,686)               18.79
        Unvested at December 31, 2023                                                 53,778,816                 16.15


        As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, there were RMB6,525,925 and RMB5,366,095 of unrecognized
        compensation expenses related to restricted shares granted to the non-US employees, which is
        expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.32 and 3.02 years, respectively.


        Share-based compensation expenses of RMB437,166 and RMB1,744,712 and RMB1,999,820 related
        to restricted shares granted to the non-US employees was recognized for years ended December 31,
        2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


  (b) Share-based compensation of subsidiaries

     In November 2021, a subsidiary of the Company (“Subsidiary A”) adopted the 2021 Share Incentive Plan
     (the “A Plan”) which allows Subsidiary A to grant share options to its employees.


     Under the A plan, the share options have a contractual term of ten years from the grant date, and vest
     over a period of four years of continuous service, one fourth (1/4) of which vest upon the first anniversary
     of the stated vesting commencement date and the remaining vest ratably over the following 36 months.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         381
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      24. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
          (b) Share-based compensation of subsidiaries (continued)

              Before the completion of Subsidiary A’s possible future initial public offering and listing, its employees
              are entitled to convert the vested share options to the Class A ordinary shares of the Company at a fixed
              conversion rate. The corresponding share options will be cancelled if the conversion right is exercised.


              The following table summarizes activities of A Plan for the year ended December 31, 2023:


                                                                                       Weighted       Weighted
                                                                         Number of      Average        Average         Aggregate
                                                                            Options    Exercise      Remaining          Intrinsic
                                                                        Outstanding       Price Contractual Life           Value

                                                                                           US$         In Years             US$

              Outstanding as of December 31, 2021                        31,931,249     0.00001            9.84           35,888
                 Vested                                                  (1,387,401)    0.00001               –                –
              Outstanding as of December 31, 2022                        30,543,848     0.00001            8.84           34,337

                 Granted                                                  7,525,378     0.00001               –                –
                 Exercised                                               (3,663,406)         –                –                –
                 Cancelled                                               (5,401,320)         –                –                –
              Outstanding as of December 31, 2023                        29,004,500     0.00001            7.87           43,526


              For the year ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the weighted average grant date fair values of
              options granted were US$1.12, US$1.12 and US$1.10 per share respectively. The estimated fair value of
              each option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the binominal option-pricing model with the
              assumptions (or ranges thereof) in the following table:


                                                                                                          For the Year Ended
                                                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                                                        2021, 2022 and 2023

              Fair value of the ordinary shares on the date of option grant (US$)                                     1.00-1.01
              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                    1.58%
              Expected term (in years)                                                                                       10
              Expected dividend yield                                                                                        0%
              Expected volatility                                                                                          52%
              Expected forfeiture rate (post-vesting)                                                                        2%

              For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, total share-based compensation expenses
              for the share options granted under A Plan were RMB17,513,RMB53,306 and RMB78,617 respectively.
              As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, there were RMB170,091 and RMB155,843 of unrecognized share-
              based compensation expenses related to the share options granted. The expenses were expected to be
              recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.2 and 1.3 years, respectively.




382   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




25. TAXATION
  (a) Income taxes

     Cayman Islands

     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and conducts most of its business through its
     subsidiaries located in Mainland China, Hong Kong, United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Norway
     and Netherlands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company is not subject to tax on
     either income or capital gain. Additionally, upon payments of dividends to the shareholders, no Cayman
     Islands withholding tax will be imposed.


     PRC

     Effective January 1, 2008, the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) in China unifies the enterprise
     income tax rate for the entities incorporated in China at 25%, unless they are eligible for preferential tax
     treatment, which will be granted to companies conducting businesses in certain encouraged sectors. NIO
     R&D, the Company’s subsidiary engaging in design and technology development activities, was qualified
     as a “high and new technology enterprise” (“HNTE”) for the fiscal years from 2022 to 2024, which entitled
     the entity a preferential tax rate of 15%. The qualification as HNTE is subject to self-evaluation, and
     the relevant documents should be retained for future examination purpose. Upon the expiration of
     qualification, re-accreditation of certification from the relevant authorities is necessary for the entities
     to continue enjoying the preferential tax treatment. The remaining Chinese companies are subject to
     enterprise income tax (“EIT”) at a uniform rate of 25%.


     Under the EIT Law enacted by the National People’s Congress of PRC on March 16, 2007 and its
     implementation rules which became effective on January 1, 2008, dividends generated after January
     1, 2008 and payable by a foreign investment enterprise in the PRC to its foreign investors who are non-
     resident enterprises are subject to a 10% withholding tax, unless any such foreign investor’s jurisdiction
     of incorporation has a tax treaty with the PRC that provides for a different withholding arrangement.
     Under the taxation arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, a qualified Hong Kong tax resident
     which is the “beneficial owner” and directly holds 25% or more of the equity interest in a PRC resident
     enterprise is entitled to a reduced withholding tax rate of 5%. The Cayman Islands, where the Company
     was incorporated, does not have a tax treaty with PRC.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         383
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      25. TAXATION (continued)
          (a) Income taxes (continued)

              PRC (continued)

              The EIT Law also provides that an enterprise established under the laws of a foreign country or region
              but whose “de facto management body” is located in the PRC be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC
              tax purposes and consequently be subject to the PRC income tax at the rate of 25% for its global income.
              The Implementing Rules of the EIT Law merely define the location of the “de facto management body” as
              “the place where the exercising, in substance, of the overall management and control of the production
              and business operation, personnel, accounting, properties, etc., of a non-PRC company is located.”
              Based on a review of surrounding facts and circumstances, the Group does not believe that it is likely
              that its operations outside of the PRC will be considered a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes.
              However, due to limited guidance and implementation history of the EIT Law, there is uncertainty as
              to the application of the EIT Law. Should the Company be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax
              purposes, the Company will be subject to PRC income tax on worldwide income at a uniform tax rate of
              25%.


              According to relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
              effective from 2023 onwards, enterprises engaging in research and development activities are entitled
              to claim 200% of their qualified research and development expenses so incurred as tax deductible
              expenses when determining their assessable profits for the year (‘Super Deduction’). The additional
              deduction of 100% of qualified research and development expenses can only be claimed directly in the
              annual EIT filing and subject to the approval from the relevant tax authorities.


              Hong Kong

              Under the current Hong Kong Inland Revenue Ordinance, the subsidiaries of the Group incorporated in
              Hong Kong are subject to 8.25% profit tax on the first HKD2,000 taxable income and 16.5% profit tax
              on the remaining taxable income generated from operations in Hong Kong. Additionally, payments of
              dividends by the subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong to the Company are not subject to any Hong
              Kong withholding tax.




384   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




25. TAXATION (continued)
  (a) Income taxes (continued)

     Other Countries

     The statutory income tax rates of other countries where the Company’s subsidiaries having significant
     operations for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 are as follows:


                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                       2021                2022                 2023

     United States                                                  29.84%              29.84%               29.84%
     United Kingdom                                                 19.00%              19.00%               19.00%
     Germany                                                        32.98%              32.98%               32.98%
     Norway                                                         22.00%              22.00%               22.00%
     Netherlands                                                    25.00%              25.80%               25.80%


     Composition of income tax expense for the periods presented are as follows:


                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                       2021                2022                 2023

     Current income tax expense                                      23,565              62,348               59,943
     Deferred income tax expense/(benefit)                           18,700               (7,245)           200,892
     Total                                                           42,265              55,103             260,835




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023         385
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      25. TAXATION (continued)
          (a) Income taxes (continued)

              Other Countries (continued)

              Reconciliations of the income tax expense computed by applying the PRC statutory income tax rate of
              25% to the Group’s income tax expense of the years presented are as follows:


                                                                            For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                              2021                2022           2023

              Loss before income tax expense                            (3,974,684)     (14,382,001)       (20,458,918)
              Income tax benefit computed at PRC statutory
                 income tax rate of 25%                                   (993,671)      (3,595,500)        (5,114,730)
              Non-deductible expenses                                       29,325            23,484           58,852
              Foreign tax rates differential                               100,690           395,543          481,318
              Additional 100%/75% tax deduction for qualified
                 research and development expenses                        (546,805)          (750,736)      (1,432,723)
              FDII Deduction                                                      –           (10,356)              –
              Tax exempted interest income                                   (2,194)             (8,847)       (25,017)
              US tax credits                                               (30,273)           (45,446)         (36,746)
              Prior year True-ups                                          286,693           110,581          242,392
              Effect of tax rate change                                           –          490,855                –
              Others                                                         (1,206)             (5,154)          316
              Change in valuation allowance                              1,199,706        3,450,679         6,087,173
              Income tax expense                                            42,265            55,103          260,835


              The PRC statutory income tax rate was used because the majority of the Group’s operations are based in
              PRC.


          (b) Deferred tax

              The Group considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of the
              deferred tax assets will be more-likely-than-not realized. This assessment primarily considers the
              nature, frequency and extent of the losses incurred and other historical objective evidences, as well as
              the considerations of forecasts of future profitability. These assumptions require significant judgment
              on the forecasts of future taxable income. The PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% or applicable
              preferential income tax rates were applied when calculating deferred tax assets.




386   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




25. TAXATION (continued)
  (b) Deferred tax (continued)

     The Group’s deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following components:


                                                                                      As of December 31,

                                                                                 2021              2022              2023

     Deferred tax assets
     Net operating loss carry-forwards                                     7,294,844         9,711,744       14,850,298
     Accrued and prepaid expenses                                          1,136,278         1,666,519         1,635,032
     Deferred revenue                                                        559,815           940,633         1,241,114
     Tax credit carry-forwards                                               243,198           301,437           347,340
     Property, plant and equipment, net                                              –                 –         158,609
     Unrealized financing expense                                              28,796            33,140            64,870
     Intangible assets                                                         85,439            89,328            59,375
     Allowance against receivables                                             19,500            27,386            28,435
     Deferred rent                                                                   –           29,731            80,240
     Share-based compensation                                                  10,695             6,951            19,846
     Write-downs of inventory                                                     713               452            47,733
     Advertising expenses in excess of deduction limit                            705               188                 33
     Equity securities without readily determinable fair value                       –                 –              953
     Equity securities with readily determinable fair value                          –              150               717
     Unrealized foreign exchange loss                                                –            1,704             2,364
     Others                                                                       711             4,224             3,539
     Less: Valuation allowance                                            (9,216,725)      (12,727,355)     (18,538,828)
     Subtotal                                                                163,969             86,232             1,670
     Deferred tax liabilities
     Equity securities without readily determinable fair value                (15,975)           (6,435)                 –
     Equity securities with readily determinable fair value                    (2,725)                 –                 –
     Equity method investments                                                       –           (5,170)           (7,283)
     Available for sale debt investment                                        (6,499)        (206,734)                  –
     Equity securities                                                               –                 –        (206,734)
     Property, plant and equipment, net                                     (143,512)           (86,082)                 –
     Deferred rent                                                            (18,752)                 –                 –
     Unrealized foreign exchange gain                                          (1,705)                 –                 –
     Subtotal                                                               (189,168)         (304,421)         (214,017)
     Total deferred tax liabilities, net                                      (25,199)        (218,189)         (212,347)




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023         387
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      25. TAXATION (continued)
          (b) Deferred tax (continued)

              Full valuation allowances have been provided where, based on all available evidence, management
              determined that deferred tax assets are not more likely than not to be realizable in future tax years.
              Movement of valuation allowance is as follow:


                                                                                      As of December 31,

                                                                               2021             2022             2023

              Valuation allowance
              Balance at beginning of the year                            8,019,519         9,216,725      12,727,355
              Additions                                                   1,197,206         3,510,630       5,811,473
              Balance at end of the year                                  9,216,725        12,727,355      18,538,828


              The Group has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB61,331,790 that will expire in one to ten years
              for deduction against future taxable profit.


              Loss expiring in 2024                                                                         2,045,428
              Loss expiring in 2025                                                                         3,860,354
              Loss expiring in 2026                                                                         2,380,002
              Loss expiring in 2027                                                                         9,180,600
              Loss expiring in 2028                                                                        14,701,895
              Loss expiring in 2029                                                                         5,334,423
              Loss expiring in 2030                                                                           156,199
              Loss expiring in 2031                                                                         4,833,296
              Loss expiring in 2032                                                                         7,153,295
              Loss expiring in 2033                                                                        11,686,298
              Total                                                                                        61,331,790


              The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of RMB3,178,917 for which could be carried forward
              indefinitely against future taxable income. The Group has tax losses arising in United States of
              RMB4,323, RMB593,406 and RMB1,866,675 that will expire in thirteen, fourteen and infinite years for
              deduction against future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group provided full
              valuation allowances for the above net operating loss carry-forwards.


              Uncertain Tax Position

              The Group did not identify any significant unrecognized tax benefits for each of the periods presented.
              The Group did not incur any interest related to unrecognized tax benefits, did not recognize any penalties
              as income tax expense and also does not anticipate any significant change in unrecognized tax benefits
              within 12 months from December 31, 2023.




388   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




25. TAXATION (continued)
  (b) Deferred tax (continued)

     Tax years subject to examination by major jurisdictions

     In general, the PRC tax authorities have up to five years to review a company’s tax filings. Accordingly, tax
     filings of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs for tax years 2019 through 2023 remain subject to the
     review by the relevant PRC tax authorities.


26. LOSS PER SHARE
  Basic loss per share and diluted loss per share have been calculated in accordance with ASC 260 on
  computation of earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 as follows:


                                                                      For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2021                2022                 2023

  Numerator:
  Net loss                                                        (4,016,949)        (14,437,104)        (20,719,753)
  Accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests to
    redemption value                                              (6,586,579)            (279,355)           (303,163)
  Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests                   31,219             157,014            (124,051)
  Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of
    NIO Inc. for basic/dilutive net loss per share               (10,572,309)        (14,559,445)        (21,146,967)

  Denominator:
  Weighted-average number of ordinary shares
    outstanding – basic and diluted                           1,572,702,112       1,636,999,280       1,700,203,886
  Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to
    ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc.                                    (6.72)              (8.89)             (12.44)


  For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Company had potential ordinary shares,
  including non-vested restricted shares, option granted and convertible notes. As the Group incurred losses
  for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, these potential ordinary shares were anti-dilutive
  and excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share of the Company. The weighted average
  numbers of these potential ordinary shares outstanding are as following:


                                                                      For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2021                2022                 2023

  Restricted shares                                                1,358,110           4,051,753                      –
  Outstanding weighted average options granted                   56,768,907           55,132,378          43,876,236
  Convertible notes                                              45,323,169           37,671,003          57,008,080
  Total                                                         103,450,186           96,855,134         100,884,316




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         389
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      27. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS
          The principal related parties with which the Group had transactions during the years presented are as
          follows:


          Name of Entity or Individual                                  Relationship with the Group

          Beijing Welion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                An investee of the Group
          Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                An investee of the Group
          Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.             An investee of the Group
          Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd.                        An investee of the Group
          Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                               An investee of the Group
          Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology                    An investee of the Group
            (Anhui) Co., Ltd.
          Beijing Bit Ep Information Technology Co., Ltd.               Controlled by Principal Shareholder
          Beijing Weixu Business Consulting Co., Ltd.                   Significantly influenced by Principal Shareholder
          Beijing Yiche Interactive Advertising Co., Ltd.               Controlled by Principal Shareholder
          Hefei Chuangwei Information Consultation Co., Ltd.            Controlled by Principal Shareholder
          Huang River Investment Limited                                Controlled by Principal Shareholder
          Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area Weilan Investment             Controlled by Principal Shareholder
            Co., Ltd.
          Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Weilai Xinneng                 Significantly influenced by Principal Shareholder
            Investment Management Co., Ltd.
          Shanghai Weishang Business Consulting Co., Ltd.               Significantly influenced by Principal Shareholder
          Tianjin Boyou Information Technology Co., Ltd.                Controlled by Principal Shareholder
          Wistron Info Comm (Kunshan) Co., Ltd.                         Non-controlling shareholder of subsidiary
          Xtronics Innovation Ltd.                                      Non-controlling shareholder of subsidiary

          In February 2022, the Group disposed its equity interests in Suzhou Zenlead XPT New Energy Technologies
          Co., Ltd.. Since then, Suzhou Zenlead was no longer the Group’s related party.




390   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




27. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)
  (a) The Group entered into the following significant related party transactions:

     (i) Provision of service

        For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, service income was primarily generated from
        property management, administrative support, research and development services and BaaS battery
        buy-out services the Group provided to its related parties.


                                                                         For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                             2021              2022              2023

        Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd.                             56,095          120,967           166,027
        Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.                   1,586             1,683             1,153
        Beijing Weixu Business Consulting Co., Ltd.                           220                 37                 –
        Total                                                              57,901          122,687           167,180


     (ii) Acceptance of advertising and IT support services

                                                                         For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                             2021              2022              2023

        Tianjin Boyou Information Technology Co., Ltd.                        217             8,984             7,823
        Beijing Bit Ep Information Technology Co., Ltd.                     4,533                  –                 –
        Beijing Yiche Interactive Advertising Co., Ltd.                       472                  –                 –
        Total                                                               5,222             8,984             7,823


     (iii) Cost of manufacturing consignment

                                                                         For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                             2021              2022              2023

        Suzhou Zenlead XPT New Energy Technologies Co., Ltd.               89,286                  –                 –


        As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding warranty obligations have been fully repaid by the Group.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         391
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      27. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)
          (a) The Group entered into the following significant related party transactions: (continued)

              (iv) Purchase of raw material or property, plant and equipment

                                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                   2021         2022          2023

                  Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                876,510      728,096     1,062,521
                  Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                                67,350        90,132      111,875
                  Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.             213,867      248,604        73,071
                  Total                                                        1,157,727    1,066,832    1,247,467


              (v) Sales of goods

                                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                   2021         2022          2023

                  Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd.                       4,138,187    3,103,871    1,457,500
                  Shanghai Weishang Business Consulting Co., Ltd.                   157           229             199
                  Hefei Chuangwei Information Consultation Co., Ltd.                  –         1,798             194
                  Beijing Yiche Interactive Advertising Co., Ltd.                   485             –              –
                  Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                    370             –              –
                  Total                                                        4,139,199    3,105,898    1,457,893


              (vi) Acceptance of R&D and maintenance service

                                                                                For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                   2021         2022          2023

                  Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology
                    (Anhui) Co., Ltd.                                                 –      107,144       184,279
                  Beijing Welion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                      –             –       34,016
                  Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd.                              –         8,508       23,878
                  Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                  7,265        13,956
                  Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                                   929         3,735              –
                  Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Weilai Xinneng
                    Investment Management Co., Ltd.                                   –         3,015              –
                  Total                                                           8,194      136,358       242,173




392   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




27. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)
  (a) The Group entered into the following significant related party transactions: (continued)

     (vii) Sale of raw material or property, plant and equipment

                                                                           For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                               2021              2022              2023

        Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd.                                     –            1,012             5,597


     (viii) Convertible notes issued to related parties and interest accrual

                                                                           For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                               2021              2022              2023

        Huang River Investment Limited                                       15,316            13,712            11,234


     (ix) Purchase of equity investee

                                                                                Year Ended December 31,

                                                                               2021              2022              2023

        Weilan (Note 9)                                                      50,000                   –                –


  (b) The Group had the following significant related party balances:

     (i) Amounts due from related parties

                                                                                          As of December 31,

                                                                                              2022                 2023

        Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd.                                          1,376,584            1,714,659
        Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                                        8,647              13,050
        Hefei Chuangwei Information Consultation Co., Ltd.                                    2,032               2,249
        Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.                                       283               1,440
        Shanghai Weishang Business Consulting Co., Ltd.                                         148                    –
        Total                                                                           1,387,694            1,731,398




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         393
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      27. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)
          (b) The Group had the following significant related party balances: (continued)

              (ii) Amounts due to related parties

                                                                                            As of December 31,

                                                                                               2022              2023

                  Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                            262,712        358,083
                  Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                                            14,517         75,157
                  Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd.                                     58,497         60,187
                  Beijing WeLion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                  –         25,843
                  Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd.               23,279         19,869
                  Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.                          22,293         16,099
                  Tianjin Boyou Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                 48              6,200
                  Shanghai Weishang Business Consulting Co., Ltd.                                 –               186
                  Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Weilai Xinneng Investment
                    Management Co., Ltd.                                                      3,015                 –
                  Wistron Info Comm (Kunshan) Co., Ltd.                                         167                 –
                  Xtronics Innovation Ltd.                                                       83                 –
                  Total                                                                     384,611        561,624


              (iii) Short-term borrowing and interest payable

                                                                                            As of December 31,

                                                                                               2022              2023

                  Huang River Investment Limited                                              3,918        216,465


              (iv) Long-term borrowing

                                                                                            As of December 31,

                                                                                               2022              2023

                  Huang River Investment Limited                                            208,938                 –




394   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




28. COMMITMENT AND CONTINGENCIES
  (a) Capital commitments

     Capital expenditures contracted for at the balance sheet dates but not recognized in the Group’s
     consolidated financial statements are as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,

                                                                                             2022                 2023

     Property, plant and equipment                                                     4,541,383            5,465,192
     Leasehold improvements                                                               807,666             552,626
     Total                                                                             5,349,049            6,017,818


  (b) Contingencies

     Between March and July 2019, several securities class action lawsuits were filed against the Group,
     certain of the Group’s directors and officers, the underwriters in the IPO and the process agent. Some
     of these actions have been withdrawn, transferred, consolidated or dismissed. One action commenced
     during the aforementioned time period remains pending, under the caption In re NIO, Inc. Securities
     Litigation, 1:19-cv-01424, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York (E.D.N.Y.). The
     plaintiffs in this case allege, in sum and substance, that the Group’s statements in the registration
     statement and/or other public statements were false or misleading and in violation of the U.S. federal
     securities laws. The Court denied the Group’s motion to dismiss in August 2021, and granted plaintiffs’
     motion for class certification in August 2023. Discovery is ongoing.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         395
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      28. COMMITMENT AND CONTINGENCIES (continued)
          (b) Contingencies (continued)

              Between August and September 2022, two complaints were filed against the Group, its CEO and its CFO
              in the federal district court for the Southern District of New York (S.D.N.Y.), in the actions captioned Saye
              v. NIO Inc. et al., Case No. 1:22-cv-07252 (S.D.N.Y.) and Bohonok v. NIO Inc. et al., Case No. 1:22-cv-07666
              (S.D.N.Y.). Relying on a short seller report, these complaints allege that certain of the Group’s public
              disclosures between August 2020 and July 2022 contained false statements or omissions in violation of
              the Exchange Act. On December 14, 2022, the court consolidated the two actions and appointed a lead
              plaintiff. Briefing on the Group’s motion to dismiss was completed on July 31, 2023. The Court’s decision
              on the motion to dismiss is pending.


              The aforementioned actions remain in their preliminary stages. The Group is currently unable to
              determine the outcomes of these actions or any estimate of the amount or range of any potential loss, if
              any, associated with resolution of such lawsuits, if they proceed.


              On March 22, 2021, two individual plaintiffs filed a complaint in the Superior Court of the State of
              California, County of Santa Clara against the Company, several of its subsidiaries and certain unnamed
              individual defendants. Plaintiffs allege that they were former employees or contractors of the Company
              and its subsidiaries and that they had been discriminated and wrongfully terminated by the Company
              and its subsidiaries, allegedly in violation of various state and federal laws. Plaintiffs seek compensatory
              damages, including back pay, equity and lost earnings, the amounts of which have yet to be ascertained.
              On July 7, 2021, two of the Company’s subsidiaries filed a request to remove the case from state to
              federal court. Plaintiffs opposed the removal. On May 3, 2022, the Federal District Court remanded the
              case to the state court. On June 2, 2022, the Company filed a motion to quash service of the complaint
              for lack of personal jurisdiction with the Superior Court of the State of California. On September 22,
              2022, the Court issued an order finding that Plaintiffs have not met their burden to establish the court’s
              jurisdiction over NIO Inc., but also granted limited jurisdictional discovery with respect to the relationship
              between NIO Inc. and its U.S.-based subsidiaries. Document production has been paused as Plaintiffs
              and the Defendants have engaged in mediation and settlement discussions. The Parties are now in the
              process of final settlement. The settlement amount is not considered to be significant.


              The Group is subject to legal proceedings and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of business,
              such as disputes with landlords, suppliers, employees, etc. The results of such proceedings cannot be
              predicted with certainty, but the Group does not anticipate that the final outcome arising out of any of
              such matters will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated balance sheets, comprehensive loss
              or cash flows on an individual basis or in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, other than as
              disclosed above, the Group is not a party to any material legal or administrative proceedings.




396   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




29. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
  (a) Completion of the Repurchase Right Offer for Convertible Senior Notes due 2026

     On February 1, 2024, the Group completed the repurchase right offer relating to its 0.00% Convertible
     Senior Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”). US$300,536 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes
     were validly surrendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the repurchase right offer.
     Following settlement of the repurchase, US$912 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes remain
     outstanding and continue to be subject to the existing terms of the Indenture and the Notes.


  (b) Completion of the Asset-backed Notes Issuance

     In January 2024, the Group entered into another asset-backed securitization arrangement with
     issuance of the notes at the total amount of RMB2,450,000 and securitized receivables arising from
     auto financing arrangements through the transfer of those assets to a securitization vehicle. It is a
     revolving arrangement where the Group provides management, administration and collection services (at
     market rates) on the transferred financial assets, but only retains an insignificant economic interest in
     the securitization vehicle. As a result, the Group will not consolidate the securitization vehicle (thereby
     derecognizing transferred receivables) under U.S. GAAP.


  (c) Amended shareholders agreement for NIO China

     On March 30, 2024, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a shareholders agreement
     with the Strategic Investors, which amended certain shareholders’ rights in NIO China, including the
     redemption rights. In particular, if NIO China fails to complete the listing application or to issue the
     material assets restructuring plan related to the qualified initial public offering before December 31,
     2027, or fails to complete the qualified initial public offering before December 31, 2028, the Strategic
     Investors may request the Company to redeem the equity interest in NIO China then held by them.


30. PARENT COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
  The Company performed a test on the restricted net assets of its consolidated subsidiaries and VIEs in
  accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Rule 4-08 (e) (3), “General Notes
  to Financial Statements” and concluded that it was applicable for the Company to disclose the financial
  information for the Company only.


  The subsidiaries did not pay any dividends to the Company for the years presented. Certain information
  and footnote disclosures generally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
  have been omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the operations of
  the Company, as such, these statements are not the general-purpose financial statements of the reporting
  entity and should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the
  Company.


  The Company did not have significant capital and other commitments, or guarantees as of December 31,
  2023.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023         397
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      30. PARENT COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)
          Condensed Balance Sheets

                                                                                   As of December 31,

                                                                              2022           2023             2023

                                                                              RMB             RMB              US$
                                                                                                          Note 2(e)

          ASSETS
          Current assets:
          Cash and cash equivalents                                      7,076,550      22,676,489       3,193,917
          Restricted cash                                                         –              –               –
          Short-term investments                                           696,460       1,499,939         211,262
          Amounts due from subsidiaries of the Company                   6,657,631      15,453,012       2,176,511
          Amounts due from related parties                                       87             89               13
          Prepayments and other current assets                             114,263          70,356            9,909
          Total current assets                                          14,544,991      39,699,885       5,591,612
          Non-current assets:
          Investments in subsidiaries and VIEs                          21,328,304       2,783,143         391,997
          Total non-current assets                                      21,328,304       2,783,143         391,997
          Total assets                                                  35,873,295      42,483,028       5,983,609

          LIABILITIES
          Current liabilities:
          Amounts due to subsidiaries of the Company                     1,775,951       1,928,100         271,567
          Current portion of long-term borrowings                                 –      3,286,640         462,914
          Accruals and other liabilities                                    73,580         146,330          20,610
          Total current liabilities                                      1,849,531       5,361,070         755,091
          Long-term borrowings                                          10,155,599      11,575,725       1,630,407
          Total non-current liabilities                                 10,155,599      11,575,725       1,630,407
          Total liabilities                                             12,005,130      16,936,795       2,385,498

          SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
          Class A Ordinary Shares                                             2,668          3,368             474
          Class C Ordinary Shares                                              254             254              36
          Treasury shares                                                (1,849,600)    (1,849,600)       (260,511)
          Additional paid in capital                                    94,593,062     117,717,254      16,580,128
          Accumulated other comprehensive loss                           1,036,011         432,991          60,986
          Accumulated deficit                                           (69,914,230)   (90,758,034)     (12,783,002)
          Total shareholders’ equity                                    23,868,165      25,546,233       3,598,111
          Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                    35,873,295      42,483,028       5,983,609




398   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




30. PARENT COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)
  Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss

                                                              For the Year ended December 31,

                                                         2021              2022              2023              2023

                                                         RMB               RMB               RMB                US$
                                                                                                          Note 2(e)

  Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative                   (4,735)         (24,039)          (99,587)          (14,027)
  Total operating expenses                              (4,735)         (24,039)          (99,587)          (14,027)
  Loss from operations                                  (4,735)         (24,039)          (99,587)          (14,027)
  Interest and investment income                       61,292          207,057           524,173             73,828
  Interest expense                                   (471,270)        (113,277)         (207,649)           (29,247)
  Gain on extinguishment of debt                             –         138,332           170,193             23,971
  Equity in loss of subsidiaries and VIEs           (3,632,893)    (14,138,689)     (21,349,555)        (3,007,022)
  Other income/(loss), net                             61,876         (351,874)          121,800             17,155
  Loss before income tax expense                    (3,985,730)    (14,282,490)     (20,840,625)        (2,935,342)
  Income tax benefit/(expense)                               –            2,400            (3,179)             (446)
  Net loss                                          (3,985,730)    (14,280,090)     (20,843,804)        (2,935,788)
  Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
    interests to redemption value                   (6,586,579)       (279,355)         (303,163)           (42,700)
  Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
    of NIO Inc.                                    (10,572,309)    (14,559,445)     (21,146,967)        (2,978,488)

  Net loss                                          (3,985,730)    (14,280,090)     (20,843,804)        (2,935,788)
  Total comprehensive loss                          (4,196,578)    (12,967,779)     (21,446,824)        (3,020,721)
  Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
    interests to redemption value                   (6,586,579)       (279,355)         (303,163)           (42,700)
  Comprehensive loss attributable to ordinary
    shareholders of NIO Inc.                       (10,783,157)    (13,247,134)     (21,749,987)        (3,063,421)




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023         399
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      30. PARENT COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)
          Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

                                                                                  For The Year ended December 31,

                                                                              2021          2022          2023           2023

                                                                              RMB           RMB           RMB             US$
                                                                                                                     Note 2(e)

          CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
          Net cash used in operating activities                              (8,697)   (4,949,308)   (8,262,167)    (1,163,702)
          CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
          Net cash (used in)/provided by investing
            activities                                                  (40,770,898)   9,140,766     (1,972,672)      (277,845)
          CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
          Net cash provided by/(used in) financing
            activities                                                  22,382,871     (1,135,316)   25,782,226     3,631,351
          Effects of exchange rate changes on cash,
            cash equivalents and restricted cash                          (445,787)      689,465        52,552           7,402
          NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH, CASH
            EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH                             (18,842,511)   3,745,607     15,599,939     2,197,206
          Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
            beginning of the year                                       22,173,454     3,330,943      7,076,550       996,711
          Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
            at end of the year                                           3,330,943     7,076,550     22,676,489     3,193,917


          Basis of presentation

          The Company’s accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies with the exception of the
          accounting for the investments in subsidiaries and VIEs.


          For the company only financial information, the Company records its investments in subsidiaries and VIEs
          under the equity method of accounting as prescribed in ASC 323, Investments – Equity Method and Joint
          Ventures.


          Such investments are presented on the Balance Sheets as “Investments in subsidiaries and VIEs” and
          shares in the subsidiaries and VIEs’ loss are presented as “Equity in loss of subsidiaries and VIEs” on the
          Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The parent company only financial information should be read in
          conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




400   NIO Inc.
                                                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
  The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
  respects from International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB (“IFRS Accounting
  Standards”). The effects of material differences between the consolidated financial statements of the Group
  prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting Standards are as follows:

  Reconciliation of consolidated statements of comprehensive loss
                                                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                             Amounts as                                                                                                                                                   Amounts
                                               reported                                                                                                                                                 under IFRS
  Consolidated Statement of                   under U.S.                                                                                                                                                accounting
  Comprehensive Loss data                         GAAP                                                                     IFRS accounting standards adjustments                                         standards
                                                                                                                                    RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                                                                      Equity
                                                                                              Derivative                                         securities
                                                                                               financial    Redeemable           Available-         without
                                                                                            instrument-            non-            for-sale          readily
                                                             Share-based     Convertible     capped call     controlling               debt   determinable                     Warranty
                                                            compensation          notes          options       interests         securities       fair value        Leases      Accrual     Software
                                                                  Note(i)       Note(ii)        Note(iii)       Note(iv)            Note(v)         Note(vi)       Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
  Cost of revenues                           (52,566,137)           2,050             –                –              –                  –                –        193,715      175,612            –    (52,194,760)
  Research and development                   (13,431,399)         (83,108)            –                –              –                  –                –         48,812            –            –    (13,465,695)
  Selling, general and administrative        (12,884,556)           3,267             –                –              –                  –                –        159,889            –            –    (12,721,400)
  Loss from operations                       (22,655,184)         (77,791)            –                –              –                  –                –        402,416      175,612            –    (22,154,947)
  Interest and investment income              2,210,018                –        170,193                –              –           (977,294)           4,988               –           –            –      1,407,905
  Interest expenses                            (403,530)               –        207,649                –       (303,163)                 –                –        (503,722)   (103,556)           –     (1,106,322)
  Gain on extinguishment of debt                170,193                –       (170,193)               –              –                  –                –               –           –            –              –
  Fair value changes on financial
    instruments measured at fair value
    through profit or loss                             –               –               –       (247,115)              –                  –                –               –            –           –       (247,115)
  Fair value changes of convertible notes              –               –      (1,993,440)             –               –                  –                –               –            –           –     (1,993,440)
  Loss before income tax expense             (20,458,918)         (77,791)   (1,785,791)       (247,115)       (303,163)          (977,294)           4,988        (101,306)     72,056            –    (23,874,334)
  Income tax expense                           (260,835)               –              –                –              –            206,734                –               –            –           –        (54,101)
  Net loss                                   (20,719,753)         (77,791)   (1,785,791)       (247,115)       (303,163)          (770,560)           4,988        (101,306)     72,056            –    (23,928,435)
  Change in unrealized gains related
    to available-for-sale debt securities,
    net of tax                                 (770,560)               –              –                –              –            770,560                –               –            –           –             –
  Fair value change on convertible notes
    due to own credit risk                            –                –        314,015                –              –                  –                –               –            –           –       314,015
  Changes in the fair value of equity
    instruments at fair value through
    other comprehensive income or loss                 –               –              –                –              –                  –           (4,988)              –            –           –         (4,988)

  Total other comprehensive income             (759,046)               –        314,015                –              –            770,560           (4,988)              –            –           –       320,541

  Total comprehensive loss                   (21,478,799)         (77,791)   (1,471,776)       (247,115)       (303,163)                 –                –        (101,306)     72,056            –    (23,607,894)
  Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
    interests to redemption value              (303,163)               –              –                –        303,163                  –                –               –            –           –             –
  Comprehensive loss attributable to
    ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc         (21,749,987)         (77,791)   (1,471,776)       (247,115)              –                  –                –        (101,306)     72,056            –    (23,575,919)




                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023                  401
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
          (continued)
          Reconciliation of consolidated statements of comprehensive loss (continued)
                                                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                    Amounts as                                                                                                                                              Amounts
                                                      reported                                                                                                                                            under IFRS
          Consolidated Statement of                      under                                                                                                                                            accounting
          Comprehensive Loss data                    U.S. GAAP                                                       IFRS accounting standards adjustments                                                 standards
                                                                                                                                 RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                   Derivative                                               Equity
                                                                                                    financial    Redeemable                             securities
                                                                         Share-                  instrument-            non-      Available-for-   without readily
                                                                          based    Convertible    capped call     controlling          sale debt    determinable                 Warranty
                                                                   compensation         notes         options       interests         securities        fair value    Leases      Accrual     Software
                                                                         Note(i)      Note(ii)       Note(iii)        Note(iv)           Note(v)          Note(vi)   Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
          Cost of revenues                          (44,124,568)        (96,044)            –               –               –                 –                 –     49,491      196,447            –    (43,974,674)
          Research and development                  (10,836,261)       (621,641)            –               –               –                 –                 –     13,484            –            –    (11,444,418)
          Selling, general and administrative       (10,537,119)       (251,235)            –               –               –                 –                 –    128,557            –            –    (10,659,797)
          Loss from operations                      (15,640,659)       (968,920)            –               –               –                 –                 –    191,532      196,447            –    (16,221,600)
          Interest and investment income             1,358,719                –       138,332               –              –                  –             2,652           –           –            –     1,499,703
          Interest expenses                           (333,216)               –       113,277               –       (279,355)                 –                 –    (296,443)    (77,766)           –      (873,503)
          Gain on extinguishment of debt               138,332                –      (138,332)              –              –                  –                 –           –           –            –             –
          Fair value changes on financial
            instruments measured
            at fair value through profit or loss              –               –             –       (313,256)               –           946,571                 –           –            –           –       633,315
          Fair value changes of convertible notes             –               –     3,898,749              –                –                 –                 –           –            –           –     3,898,749
          Loss before income tax expense            (14,382,001)       (968,920)    4,012,026       (313,256)       (279,355)           946,571             2,652    (104,911)    118,681            –    (10,968,513)
          Income tax expense                            (55,103)              –             –               –               –          (200,235)                –           –            –           –      (255,338)
          Net loss                                  (14,437,104)       (968,920)    4,012,026       (313,256)       (279,355)           746,336             2,652    (104,911)    118,681            –    (11,223,851)
          Change in unrealized gains related to
            available-for-sale debt securities,
            net of tax                                 746,336                –             –               –               –          (746,336)                –           –            –           –              –
          Fair value change on convertible notes
            due to own credit risk                            –               –       202,370               –               –                 –                 –           –            –           –       202,370
          Changes in the fair value of equity
            instruments at fair value through
            other comprehensive income                        –               –             –               –               –                 –            (2,652)          –            –           –         (2,652)
          Total other comprehensive income           1,463,610                –       202,370               –               –          (746,336)           (2,652)          –            –           –       916,992
          Total comprehensive loss                  (12,973,494)       (968,920)    4,214,396       (313,256)       (279,355)                 –                 –    (104,911)    118,681            –    (10,306,859)
          Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
            interests to redemption value             (279,355)               –             –               –        279,355                  –                 –           –            –           –              –
          Comprehensive loss attributable to
            ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc        (13,247,134)       (968,920)    4,214,396       (313,256)               –                 –                 –    (104,911)    118,681            –    (10,301,144)




402   NIO Inc.
                                                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
    (continued)
  Reconciliation of consolidated statements of comprehensive loss (continued)
                                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                            Amounts as                                                                                                                                              Amounts
                                              reported                                                                                                                                            under IFRS
  Consolidated Statement of                      under                                                                                                                                            accounting
  Comprehensive Loss data                    U.S. GAAP                                                       IFRS accounting standards adjustments                                                 standards
                                                                                                                         RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                           Derivative                                               Equity
                                                                                            financial    Redeemable                             securities
                                                                 Share-                  instrument-            non-      Available-for-   without readily
                                                                  based    Convertible    capped call     controlling          sale debt    determinable                 Warranty
                                                           compensation         notes         options       interests         securities        fair value    Leases      Accrual     Software
                                                                 Note(i)      Note(ii)       Note(iii)        Note(iv)           Note(v)          Note(vi)   Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
  Cost of revenues                          (29,314,990)        (25,314)            –               –               –                 –                 –     13,742      234,880            –    (29,091,682)
  Research and development                   (4,591,852)       (268,221)            –               –               –                 –                 –      1,054            –            –     (4,859,019)
  Selling, general and administrative        (6,878,132)       (252,836)            –               –               –                 –                 –     58,155            –            –     (7,072,813)
  Loss from operations                       (4,496,303)       (546,371)            –               –               –                 –                 –     72,951      234,880            –     (4,734,843)
 Interest and investment income                911,833                –             –               –              –                  –           (94,711)          –           –            –        817,122
 Interest expenses                            (637,410)               –       470,807               –     (6,586,579)                 –                 –    (113,599)    (38,775)           –     (6,905,556)
 Fair value changes on financial
   instruments measured
   at fair value through profit or loss               –               –             –        (14,280)               –            30,723                 –           –            –           –        16,443
 Fair value changes of convertible notes              –               –    22,493,215              –                –                 –                 –           –            –           –    22,493,215
  Loss before income tax expense             (3,974,684)       (546,371)   22,964,022        (14,280)     (6,586,579)            30,723           (94,711)    (40,648)    196,105            –    11,933,577
  Income tax expense                            (42,265)              –             –               –               –            (6,499)                –           –            –           –        (48,764)
  Net loss                                   (4,016,949)       (546,371)   22,964,022        (14,280)     (6,586,579)            24,224           (94,711)    (40,648)    196,105            –    11,884,813
 Change in unrealized gains related to
   available-for-sale debt securities,
   net of tax                                   24,224                –             –               –               –           (24,224)                –           –            –           –              –
 Fair value change on convertible
   notes due to own credit risk                       –               –       (27,256)              –               –                 –                 –           –            –           –        (27,256)
 Changes in the fair value of equity
   instruments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                         –               –             –               –               –                 –            94,711           –            –           –        94,711
  Total other comprehensive income            (206,121)               –       (27,256)              –               –           (24,224)           94,711           –            –           –      (162,890)
  Total comprehensive loss                   (4,223,070)       (546,371)   22,936,766        (14,280)     (6,586,579)                 –                 –     (40,648)    196,105            –    11,721,923
  Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
    interests to redemption value            (6,586,579)              –             –               –      6,586,579                  –                 –           –            –           –              –
  Comprehensive loss attributable to
    ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc        (10,783,157)       (546,371)   22,936,766        (14,280)               –                 –                 –     (40,648)    196,105            –    11,748,415




                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023                  403
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
          (continued)
          Reconciliation of consolidated balance sheets
                                                                                                                            As of December 31, 2023
                                                   Amounts as                                                                                                                                                  Amounts
                                                     reported                                                                                                                                                under IFRS
                                                        under                                                                                                                                                accounting
          Consolidated Balance Sheet data           U.S. GAAP                                                        IFRS accounting standards adjustments                                                    standards
                                                                                                                                 RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                                                                              Equity
                                                                                                    Derivative                                           securities
                                                                                                     financial    Redeemable          Available-            without
                                                                        Share-                    instrument-            non-           for-sale             readily
                                                                         based     Convertible     capped call     controlling              debt      determinable                 Warranty
                                                                  compensation          notes          options       interests        securities          fair value    Leases      Accrual     Software
                                                                        Note(i)       Note(ii)        Note(iii)       Note(iv)           Note(v)            Note(vi)   Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss                                   –               –              –                –              –           120,000                   –           –            –           –       120,000
          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income or loss               –               –              –               –               –                  –            391,205           –            –           –        391,205
          Property, plant and equipment, net        24,847,004               –              –               –               –                  –                  –           –            –    (593,797)    24,253,207
          Intangible assets, net                        29,648               –              –               –               –                  –                  –           –            –     593,797        623,445
          Long-term investments                      5,487,216               –              –               –               –           (120,000)          (391,205)          –            –           –      4,976,011
          Right-of-use assets                       11,404,116               –              –               –               –                  –                  –    (296,359)           –           –     11,107,757
          Derivative financial instruments                   –               –              –          49,838               –                  –                  –           –            –           –         49,838
          Total assets                             117,383,202               –              –          49,838               –                 –                   –    (296,359)           –           –    117,136,681
          Current portion of long-term
            borrowings                               4,736,087               –      (3,286,640)              –              –                 –                   –           –            –           –      1,449,447
          Accruals and other liabilities            15,556,354               –        (124,627)              –              –                 –                   –           –            –           –     15,431,727
          Financial liabilities measured at
            amortized cost                                   –               –               –               –      3,860,384                  –                  –           –            –           –      3,860,384
          Long-term borrowings                      13,042,861               –     (11,575,725)              –              –                  –                  –           –            –           –      1,467,136
          Financial liabilities at fair value
            through profit or loss                           –               –     14,889,138                –              –                  –                  –           –           –            –     14,889,138
          Other non-current liabilities              6,663,805               –              –                –              –                  –                  –           –    (584,379)           –      6,079,426
          Total liabilities                         87,787,186               –         (97,854)              –      3,860,384                 –                   –           –    (584,379)           –     90,965,337
          Redeemable non-controlling interests       3,860,384               –              –                –     (3,860,384)                –                   –           –            –           –              –
          MEZZANINE EQUITY                           3,860,384               –              –                –     (3,860,384)                –                   –           –            –           –              –
          Additional paid-in capital               117,717,254        1,899,872             –        (614,849)      7,670,654                 –                   –           –           –            –    126,672,931
          Accumulated other comprehensive loss         432,991                –      (450,601)              –               –                 –              87,071           –           –            –         69,461
          Accumulated deficit                      (90,758,034)      (1,899,872)      548,455         664,687      (7,670,654)                –             (87,071)   (296,359)    584,379            –    (98,914,469)
          Total shareholders’ equity                25,735,632               –         97,854          49,838               –                 –                   –    (296,359)    584,379            –     26,171,344




404   NIO Inc.
                                                                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
    (continued)
  Reconciliation of consolidated balance sheets (continued)
                                                                                                                           As of December 31, 2022
                                                  Amounts                                                                                                                                                 Amounts
                                                as reported                                                                                                                                             under IFRS
                                                      under                                                                                                                                             accounting
  Consolidated Balance Sheet data                U.S. GAAP                                                         IFRS accounting standards adjustments                                                 standards
                                                                                                                               RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                 Derivative                                         Equity
                                                                                                  financial     Redeemable                      securities
                                                                     Share-                    instrument-             non- Available-for- without readily
                                                                      based     Convertible     capped call      controlling     sale debt determinable                       Warranty
                                                               compensation          notes          options        interests    securities      fair value        Leases       Accrual     Software
                                                                      Note(i)       Note(ii)        Note(iii)        Note(iv)       Note(v)       Note(vi)        Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
  Financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss                                        –                –              –               –               –         1,648,861               –           –             –           –      1,648,861
  Financial assets at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                           –                 –              –              –                –                 –         101,536           –             –           –        101,536
  Property, plant and equipment, net            15,658,666                 –              –              –                –                 –               –           –             –    (542,979)    15,115,687
  Intangible assets, net                                 –                 –              –              –                –                 –               –           –             –     542,979        542,979
  Long-term investments                          6,356,411                 –              –              –                –        (1,648,861)       (101,536)          –             –           –      4,606,014
  Right-of-use assets                            7,374,456                 –              –              –                –                 –               –    (195,053)            –           –      7,179,403
  Derivative financial instruments                       –                 –              –        296,953                –                 –               –           –             –           –        296,953
  Total assets                                  96,263,925                 –              –        296,953                –                 –               –    (195,053)            –           –     96,365,825
  Accruals and other liabilities                13,654,362                 –        (24,722)              –               –                 –               –           –             –           –     13,629,640
  Long-term borrowings                          10,885,799                 –    (10,155,599)              –               –                 –               –           –             –           –        730,200
  Financial liabilities measured at
    amortized cost                                        –                –              –               –       3,557,221                 –               –           –             –           –      3,557,221
  Financial liabilities at fair value through
    profit or loss                                       –                 –     8,610,691                –               –                 –               –           –            –            –      8,610,691
  Other non-current liabilities                  5,144,027                 –             –                –               –                 –               –           –     (512,323)           –      4,631,704
  Total liabilities                             68,617,165                 –     (1,569,630)              –       3,557,221                 –               –           –     (512,323)           –     70,092,433
  Redeemable non-controlling interests           3,557,221                 –              –               –      (3,557,221)                –               –           –             –           –              –

  MEZZANINE EQUITY                               3,557,221                 –              –               –      (3,557,221)                –               –           –             –           –              –

  Additional paid-in capital                    94,593,071         1,822,081              –       (614,849)       7,367,491                 –               –           –             –           –    103,167,794
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss           1,036,011                 –      (764,616)               –               –          (770,560)        92,059            –             –           –       (407,106)
  Accumulated deficit                           (69,914,230)      (1,822,081)    2,334,246         911,802       (7,367,491)          770,560         (92,059)   (195,053)     512,323            –    (74,861,983)

  Total shareholders’ equity                    24,089,539                 –     1,569,630         296,953                –                 –               –    (195,053)     512,323            –     26,273,392




                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023                  405
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
          (continued)
          Reconciliation of consolidated balance sheets (continued)
          Notes:

          (i)   Share-based compensation

                Under U.S. GAAP, the Company has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity
                awards granted with graded vesting over the requisite service period.

                Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the graded vesting method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity
                awards granted with graded vesting.

          (ii) Convertible notes

                Under U.S. GAAP, the convertible notes are measured at amortized cost, with any difference between the initial carrying value and the
                repayment amount recognized as interest expense using effective interest method over the period from issuance date to maturity date.

                Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the Company’s convertible notes are designated as at fair value through profit or loss such that the
                convertible notes are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, the amounts of changes in fair value of the
                convertible notes that are attributed to changes in own credit risk are presented in other comprehensive income and the remaining fair
                value changes are presented in the profit or loss.

          (iii) Derivative financial instruments-capped call options

                Under U.S. GAAP, the costs for the capped call options are recorded as deduction of additional paid-in capital within total shareholders’
                deficit.

                Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the capped call options are recognized as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss such
                that they are initially recognized at fair value and subsequent to initial recognition, the amounts of changes in fair value are recognized
                in the profit or loss.

          (iv) Redeemable non-controlling interests

                Under U.S. GAAP, SEC guidance provides for mezzanine-equity (temporary equity) category in addition to the financial liability and
                permanent equity categories. The purpose of this “in-between” category is to indicate that a security may not be a permanent part
                of equity. The Group classifies the redeemable noncontrolling interests as mezzanine equity in the consolidated balance sheets and
                are recorded initially at fair value, net of issuance costs. The Group recognizes accretion to the respective redemption value of the
                redeemable non-controlling interests over the period starting from issuance date to the earliest redemption date.

                Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the Group’s obligation to purchase its own equity instruments for cash under a forward contract is
                recognised initially at the present value of the redemption amount and reclassified from equity. Subsequently, the financial liability is
                measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

          (v) Available-for-sale debt securities

                Under U.S. GAAP, the available-for-sale debt securities classified within Level 3 are valued based on a model utilizing unobservable
                inputs which require significant management judgment and estimation. The Group reports available-for-sale debt securities at fair
                value at each balance sheet date with the aggregate unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reflected in other comprehensive income.

                Under IFRS Accounting Standards, since those debt investments could not meet the definition of the equity instrument from the
                perspective of issuer, and the contractual cashflow of these financial assets does not represent solely payments of principal and
                interest, thus they should be reclassified from long-term investments to financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                such that they are initially recognized at fair values and subsequent to initial recognition, the amounts of changes in fair value are
                recognized in the profit or loss.




406   NIO Inc.
                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




31. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
    (continued)
  Reconciliation of consolidated balance sheets (continued)
  Notes: (continued)

  (vi) Equity securities without readily determinable fair value

      Under U.S. GAAP, the Group elected to measure an equity security without a readily determinable fair value using a measurement
      alternative that measures the securities at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from qualifying observable
      price changes.

      Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the Group elected to measure the investments in equity instruments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income or loss (FVOCI). Fair value changes of these investments were recognized in the other comprehensive income or
      loss.

  (vii) Leases

      Under U.S. GAAP, for operating leases, the amortization of right-of-use assets and the interest expense element of lease liabilities are
      recorded together as lease expenses, which results in a straight-line recognition effect in profit or loss.

      Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the right-of-use assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis while the interest expense
      related to the lease liabilities are measured under the effective interest method, which results in higher expenses in earlier periods and
      lower expenses in later periods. The amortization of the right-of-use assets is recorded as lease expense and the interest expense is
      required to be presented in separate line item.

  (viii) Warranty accrual

      Under U.S. GAAP, the Group elected to record the warranty accrual without considering the discount impact given that the timing of
      cash payments for the warranty accrual is not fixed or determinable by the Group.

      Under IFRS Accounting Standards, there is not an accounting policy choice and the initial amount of the warranty accrual is the present
      value of the anticipated cash flows expected to be required to settle the obligation. The carrying amount of the warranty accrual
      increases in each period to reflect the passage of time with said increase recognized as an interest expense.

  (ix) Software

      Under U.S. GAAP, software is not presented as intangible assets and so the Group records software in property, plant and equipment.

      Under IFRS Accounting Standards, software is reported under the intangible assets category. Accordingly, software is reclassified from
      property, plant and equipment to intangible assets.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023            407
nio.com
