Independent auditor’s review report
To the shareholders of Barramundi Limited




Report on the interim financial statements

Our conclusion
We have reviewed the interim financial statements of Barramundi Limited (the Company), which comprise the statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the statement of comprehensive income, the statement of changes in
equity and the statement of cash flows for the six months ended on that date, and selected explanatory notes.

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying interim financial
statements of the Company do not present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at 31
December 2025, and its financial performance and cash flows for the six months then ended, in accordance with
International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) and New Zealand Equivalent to
International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (NZ IAS 34).


Basis for conclusion
We conducted our review in accordance with the New Zealand Standard on Review Engagements 2410 (Revised) Review
of Financial Statements Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity (NZ SRE 2410 (Revised)). Our
responsibilities are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the interim financial statements
section of our report.

We are independent of the Company in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International Code of Ethics
for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by the New
Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (PES 1), as applicable to audits and reviews of public interest entities.
We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with PES 1.

Other than in our capacity as auditor we have no relationship with, or interests in, the Company.


Responsibilities of the Directors for the interim financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible on behalf of the Company for the preparation and fair presentation of these
interim financial statements in accordance with IAS 34 and NZ IAS 34 and for such internal control as the Directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation and fair presentation of the interim financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.




                                                             PwC New Zealand, PwC Tower, 15 Customs Street West, Private
                                                             Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
                                                             T: +64 (9) 355 8000
pwc.co.nz
Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the interim financial statements
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the interim financial statements based on our review. NZ SRE 2410
(Revised) requires us to conclude whether anything has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the
interim financial statements, taken as a whole, are not prepared in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34
and NZ IAS 34.

A review of interim financial statements in accordance with NZ SRE 2410 (Revised) is a limited assurance
engagement. We perform procedures, primarily consisting of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. The procedures performed
in a review are substantially less than those performed in an audit conducted in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we might
identify in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion on these interim financial statements.


Who we report to
This report is made solely to the Company’s Shareholders, as a body. Our review work has been undertaken so that
we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in our review report and for no other purpose.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company
and the Company’s Shareholders, as a body, for our review procedures, for this report, or for the conclusion we have
formed.

The engagement partner on the review resulting in this independent auditor’s review report is Samuel
Shuttleworth.

For and on behalf of:




PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                            Auckland
16 February 2026




11       PwC – Independent Auditor’s Review Report
