Independent auditor’s review report
To the shareholders of Barramundi Limited

Report on the interim financial statements

Our conclusion
We have reviewed the interim financial statements of Barramundi Limited (the Company), which
comprise the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the statement of
comprehensive income, the statement of changes in equity and the statement of cash flows for the six
months ended on that date, and selected explanatory notes.
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that these
accompanying interim financial statements of the Company do not present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2024, and its financial performance
and cash flows for the six months then ended, in accordance with International Accounting Standard
34 Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) and New Zealand Equivalent to International Accounting
Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (NZ IAS 34).
Basis for conclusion
We conducted our review in accordance with the New Zealand Standard on Review Engagements
2410 (Revised) Review of Financial Statements Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity
(NZ SRE 2410 (Revised)). Our responsibilities are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
the review of the interim financial statements section of our report.
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements in New
Zealand relating to the audit of the annual financial statements, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these ethical requirements. Other than in our capacity as auditor we
have no relationship with, or interests in, the Company.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the interim financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair
presentation of these interim financial statements in accordance with IAS 34 and NZ IAS 34 and for
such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation and fair
presentation of the interim financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the interim financial statements
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the interim financial statements based on our review.
NZ SRE 2410 (Revised) requires us to conclude whether anything has come to our attention that
causes us to believe that the interim financial statements, taken as a whole, are not prepared in all
material respects, in accordance with IAS 34 and NZ IAS 34.
A review of interim financial statements in accordance with NZ SRE 2410 (Revised) is a limited
assurance engagement. We perform procedures, primarily consisting of making enquiries, primarily of
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
procedures. The procedures performed in a review are substantially less than those performed in an
audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) and
International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
might identify in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion on these interim financial
statements.




PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Tower, 15 Customs Street West, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
T: +64 9 355 8000, www.pwc.co.nz
Who we report to
This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our review work has been
undertaken so that we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in our review
report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our
review procedures, for this report or for the conclusion we have formed.


The engagement partner on the review resulting in this independent auditor’s review report is Samuel
Shuttleworth.

For and on behalf of:




PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                               Auckland
21 February 2025




PwC                                                                                                11
