Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Barramundi Limited

Our opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of Barramundi Limited (the Company) present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2024, its financial
performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents
to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and International Financial Reporting
Standards Accounting Standards (IFRS Accounting Standards).
What we have audited
The financial statements comprise:
    ●   the statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024;
    ●   the statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
    ●   the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
    ●   the statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
    ●   the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and
        other explanatory information.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
(NZ)) and International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our
report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Company in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence
Standards) (New Zealand) (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board and the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International
Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA
Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
Our firm carries out an agreed upon procedure service for the Company in relation to the performance
fee calculation. The provision of this other service has not impaired our independence as auditor of the
Company.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial statements of the current year. Given the nature of the Company, we have
one key audit matter: Valuation and existence of Australian listed equity investments. This matter was
addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




PricewaterhouseCoopers, 15 Customs Street West, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
T: +64 9 355 8000 pwc.co.nz
 Description of the key audit matter            How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 Valuation and existence of Australian          Our audit procedures included updating our
 listed equity investments                      understanding of the business processes employed by
                                                the Company for accounting for, and valuing, its
 Australian listed equity investments
 (the investments) are valued at                investment portfolio.
 $212 million and represent 97% of total        We obtained confirmation from the Custodian that
 assets at 30 June 2024.                        the Company was the recorded owner of each of the
 Further investment disclosures                 investments.
 are included in note 2 to the financial        We obtained copies of and assessed Trustees
 statements.                                    Executors Limited’s internal controls assurance
 As at 30 June 2024, all investments are        reports for custody, investment administration services
 in actively-traded companies listed on the     for the period from 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024. We
 ASX with readily-available, quoted market      also obtained confirmation from Trustees Executors
 prices.                                        Limited that there had been no material change to
 All investments are held by Trustees           the control environment in the period from 1 April 2024
 Executors Limited (the Custodian) on           to 30 June 2024.
 behalf of the Company. Trustees                We agreed the price for all investments held at 30
 Executors Limited also provides                June 2024, and the exchange rate at which they have
 investment administration services for the     been converted from Australian dollars to New
 Company.                                       Zealand dollars, to independent third-party pricing
 This was a key audit matter given the          sources and considered the liquidity of these
 significance of investments to the financial   investments at balance date.
 statements.

Our audit approach
Overview
 Materiality                     Overall materiality: $1.07 million, which represents approximately
                                 0.5% of net assets.
                                 We used this benchmark because, in our view, the objective of the
                                 Company is to provide investors with a total return on its assets,
                                 taking account of both capital and income returns.
 Key audit matters               As reported above, we have one key audit matter, being: Valuation
                                 and existence of Australian listed equity investments.

As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material
misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made
subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved
making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits,
we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other
matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material
misstatement due to fraud.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion
on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Company, the
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Company operates.




PwC                                                                                                   15
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.
Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality,
including the overall materiality for the financial statements as a whole as set out above. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit, the nature,
timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually
and in aggregate, on the financial statements as a whole.
Other information
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report (including the Company’s climate statement), but does not
include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. The annual report (including the
climate statement) is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor's report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express
any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.
When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material
misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Directors and use our
professional judgement to determine the appropriate action to take.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements
The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair presentation of
the financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS Accounting Standards, and for such
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements, as a whole,
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) and ISAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located at the
External Reporting Board’s website at:
https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-2/
This description forms part of our auditor’s report.




PwC                                                                                                         16
Who we report to
This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor’s
report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our
audit work, for this report or for the opinions we have formed.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Philip Taylor.
For and on behalf of:




Chartered Accountants                                                                         Auckland
19 August 2024




PwC                                                                                                    17
