Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Barramundi Limited

Our opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of Barramundi Limited (the Company), present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2025, its financial
performance, and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents
to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and International Financial Reporting
Standards Accounting Standards (IFRS Accounting Standards).
What we have audited
The Company's financial statements comprise:
●​ the statement of financial position as at 30 June 2025;
●​ the statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
●​ the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
●​ the statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
●​ the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
   explanatory information.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
(NZ)) and International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our
report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Company in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence
Standards) (New Zealand) (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board and the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International
Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA
Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
Other than in our capacity as auditor we have no relationship with, or interests in, the Company.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial statements of the current year. Given the nature of the Company, we have
one key audit matter: Valuation and existence of investments at fair value through profit or loss. This
matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Tower, 15 Customs Street West, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand​
T: +64 9 355 8000, www.pwc.co.nz
  Description of the key audit matter            How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 Valuation and existence of investments         We assessed the processes employed by the
 at fair value through profit or loss           Manager, for recording and valuing investments
 Investments at fair value through profit or    including the relevant controls operated by the
 loss (the investments) are comprised of        third-party service organisation, Apex Investment
 listed investments valued at $219.0            Administration (NZ) Limited (the Administrator). Our
 million (representing 91% of total assets)     assessment of the processes included obtaining
 and net forward foreign exchange               internal control reports over investment accounting
 contracts valued at $0.05 million as at 30     provided by the Administrator.
 June 2025.                                     We evaluated the evidence provided by the internal
 Further investment disclosures are             controls reports over the design and operating
 included in note 2 of the financial            effectiveness of the relevant controls operated by the
 statements.                                    Administrator for the period 1 April 2024 to 31 March
                                                2025. We also obtained confirmation from the
 This was an area of focus for our audit as     Administrator that there had been no material change
 investments represent the majority of the      to the control environment in the period from 1 April
 net assets of the Company.                     2025 to 30 June 2025.
 Valuation                                      We agreed the price for all listed investments held at
 Listed investments (categorised as level 1     30 June 2025 to independent third-party pricing
 in the fair value hierarchy) are in actively   sources.
 traded companies listed on the ASX Main        For forward foreign exchange contracts, we agreed
 Board and the fair value of these              the observable inputs of the forward foreign exchange
 investments are based on quoted market         contracts to third-party pricing sources and used our
 prices at 30 June 2025.                        valuation experts to evaluate the fair value, using
 The fair value of forward foreign              independent valuation models.
 exchange contracts (categorised as level       We have assessed the reasonableness of the
 2 in the fair value hierarchy) are based on    exchange rate used to translate listed investments
 valuation techniques using observable          quoted in Australian dollars.
 inputs.
 For the listed investments quoted in           We obtained confirmation from the Custodian and
 Australian dollars, these are translated to    financial institutions of all investment holdings held by
 New Zealand dollars using the exchange         the Company as at 30 June 2025.
 rate at the reporting date.
 Existence
 Holdings of listed investments are held by
 Apex Investment Administration (NZ)
 Limited (the Custodian) on behalf of the
 Company.
 For investments at fair value through
 profit or loss that are not held by the
 Custodian, the position is recorded by the
 financial institutions.




PwC​    ​       ​        ​       ​        ​       ​        ​        ​       ​        ​        ​             15
Our audit approach
Overview

Materiality                  Overall materiality: $1.203 million, which represents approximately
                             0.5% of net assets.

                             We used this benchmark because, in our view, the objective of the
                             Company is to provide investors with a total return on its assets, taking
                             account of both capital and income returns.

Key audit matter             As reported above, we have one key audit matter, being the valuation
                             and existence of investments at fair value through profit or loss.


As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material
misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made
subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved
making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits,
we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other
matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material
misstatement due to fraud.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion
on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Company, the
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Company operates.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.
Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality,
including the overall materiality for the financial statements as a whole as set out above. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit, the nature,
timing and extent of our audit procedures, and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both
individually and in the aggregate, on the financial statements as a whole.
Other information
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report and the Company’s climate statement prepared in
accordance with Section 461Z of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the Climate Statement), but
does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Annual Report and the
Climate Statement are expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express
any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.




PwC​    ​       ​        ​       ​       ​        ​       ​       ​        ​       ​        ​            16
When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material
misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Directors and use our
professional judgement to determine the appropriate action to take.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements
The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair presentation of
the financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS Accounting Standards, and for such
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern, and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements, as a whole,
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) and ISAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located at the
External Reporting Board’s website at:
https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-2/
This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
Who we report to
This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor’s
report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our
audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Samuel
Shuttleworth.


For and on behalf of




PricewaterhouseCoopers​           ​        ​        ​        ​       ​        ​        ​           Auckland
18 August 2025




PwC​    ​        ​        ​       ​        ​        ​        ​       ​        ​        ​       ​            17
