Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Barramundi Limited

Our opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of Barramundi Limited (the Company) present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2023, its financial
performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents
to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS).
What we have audited
The financial statements comprise:
● the statement of financial position as at 30 June 2023;
● the statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
● the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
● the statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
● the notes to the financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other
   explanatory information.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
(NZ)) and International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our
report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Company in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence
Standards) (New Zealand) (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board and the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International
Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA
Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
Our firm carries out an agreed-upon procedures engagement for the Company in relation to the
performance fee calculation. The provision of this other service has not impaired our independence as
auditor of the Company.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial statements of the current year. Given the nature of the Company, we have
one key audit matter: Valuation and existence of Australian listed equity investments. This matter was
addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Tower, 15 Customs Street West, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142 New Zealand
T: +64 9 355 8000, www.pwc.co.nz
 Description of the key audit matter           How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 Valuation and existence of Australian          Our audit procedures included updating our
 listed equity investments                     understanding of the business processes employed by
 Australian listed equity investments          the Company for accounting for, and valuing, its
 (the investments) are valued at $194          investment portfolio.
 million and represent 96% of total assets     We obtained confirmation from the Custodian that
 at 30 June 2023.                              the Company was the recorded owner of each of the
 Further disclosures on the investments        investments.
 are included in note 2 to the financial       We obtained copies of and assessed Trustees
 statements.                                   Executors Limited’s Internal Controls Reports for
 This was an area of focus for our audit       Custody, Investment Accounting and Registry services
 and an area where a significant proportion    for the period from 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023. We
 of audit effort was directed.                 also obtained confirmation from Trustees Executors
                                               Limited that there had been no material change to
 As at 30 June 2023, all investments were
                                               the control environment in the period from 1 April 2023
 in companies that were listed on the ASX
                                               to 30 June 2023.
 and were actively traded with readily
 available, quoted market prices.              We agreed the price for all investments held at 30
                                               June 2023 and the exchange rate at which they have
 All investments are held by Trustees
                                               been converted from Australian dollars to New
 Executors Limited (the Custodian) on
                                               Zealand dollars to independent third-party pricing
 behalf of the Company.
                                               sources.


Our audit approach
Overview
 Materiality               Overall materiality: $996,000, which represents approximately 0.5% of net
                           assets.
                           We chose net assets as the benchmark because, in our view, the
                           objective of the Company is to provide investors with a total return on its
                           assets, taking account of both capital and income returns.
 Key audit matters         As reported above, we have one key audit matter, being:
                           Valuation and existence of Australian listed equity investments.

As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material
misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made
subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved
making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits,
we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other
matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material
misstatement due to fraud.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion
on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Company, the
accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Company operates.




PwC                                                                                                      2
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.
Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality,
including the overall materiality for the financial statements as a whole as set out above. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit, the nature,
timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually
and in aggregate, on the financial statements as a whole.
Other information
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our
auditor's report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this
auditor's report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express
any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.
When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material
misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Directors and use our
professional judgement to determine the appropriate action to take.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements
The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair presentation of
the financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as the
Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements, as a whole,
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) and ISAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located at the
External Reporting Board’s website at:
https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-2/
This description forms part of our auditor’s report.




PwC                                                                                                         3
Who we report to
This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor’s
report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our
audit work, for this report or for the opinions we have formed.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Philip Taylor.

For and on behalf of:




Chartered Accountants                                                                      Auckland
21 August 2023




PwC                                                                                                    4
