CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                       2

Chairman’s Statement                                        3

Management Discussion and Analysis                          8

Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management    28

Corporate Governance Report                                32

Report of the Directors                                    43

Independent Auditor’s Report                               61

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
  Comprehensive Income                                     69

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position               70

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                71

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                       73

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements             74

Financial Highlights                                      186
CORPORATE INFORMATION


REGISTERED OFFICE                                            REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive                               Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)
P.O. Box 2681                                                Mr. Chen Ningdi
Grand Cayman                                                 Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
KY1-1111                                                       (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Cayman Islands
                                                             NOMINATION COMMITTEE
HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                           Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman)
  BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                                      Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
Unit 2902, Vertical Square                                   Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
28 Heung Yip Road                                              (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Wong Chuk Hang
Hong Kong
                                                             PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
                                                               OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS
COMPANY’S WEBSITE                                            Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
https://www.dlglobalholdings.com
                                                             Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                                             P.O. Box 2681
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                             Grand Cayman
Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman and Chief executive officer)
                                                             KY1-1111
Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay
                                                             Cayman Islands
Mr. Ai Kuiyu
Ms. He Zhiying
                                                             HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                        TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Chan Kwan (resigned on 29 September 2025)                Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek (resigned on 31 July 2025)           Room 2103B, 21/F, 148 Electric Road
Mr. Qiao Linjian (appointed on 19 January 2026 and           North Point
  resigned on 1 July 2026)                                   Hong Kong
Mr. Wang Yiding
Mr. Zhao Meng (appointed on 1 July 2026)                     PRINCIPAL BANKER
                                                             Bank of Communications (Hong Kong) Limited
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                          20 Pedder Street, Central
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                       Hong Kong
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
  (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)           AUDITOR
Mr. Liu Chun (resigned on 28 July 2026)                      BDO Limited
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (resigned on 23 July 2025)                   25th Floor
Mr. Lin Ge (appointed on 28 July 2026)                       Wing On Centre
                                                             111 Connaught Road Central
COMPANY SECRETARY                                            Hong Kong
Ms. Chin Ying Ying, CPA
                                                             STOCK CODE
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                   1709
Mr. Chen Ningdi
Ms. Chin Ying Ying

AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
  (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Mr. Liu Chun

2      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

The past year was the most transformative year since the establishment of DL Holdings Group. By accurately capturing the
historic opportunities in real-world asset tokenisation (“RWA”) and stablecoins, we successfully completed a placing and the
issuance of convertible bonds, raising aggregate proceeds of approximately HK$1,760 million and thereby introducing numerous
strategic investors. These proceeds have provided solid support for our comprehensive leap from a family office to a “technology-
driven diversified financial and digital asset services platform”.

For the year ended 31 March 2026 (the “Year”), the Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$323.7 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of 70.6%; profit for the year of approximately HK$367.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of 167.9%; equity attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$2,687 million, representing an increase of
192.8% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; and net asset value per share increased from HK$0.61
to approximately HK$1.31. Behind these figures lies the strategic landscape of DL Holdings comprising four major business
segments, four proprietary capital investment assets, and three major community ecosystems.

I.    FOUR MAJOR BUSINESS SEGMENTS

      (I)    Traditional family office and asset management – DL Family Office and DL Asset Management
             The family office is the foundation of DL and the starting point of all our innovation. During the Year, the family
             office services business recorded revenue of approximately HK$56.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase
             of 6.6%. DL Family Office has cultivated the ultra-high-net-worth family market in the Asia-Pacific region for over a
             decade, with services covering the full life-cycle needs of cross-border asset allocation, family trusts, tax planning
             and wealth succession. DL Asset Management focuses on providing customised investment management and advisory
             services to professional investors. Together, they constitute the Group’s most stable source of recurring income
             and client base – and this base is precisely the first cohort of beneficiaries of the AI innovative products we have
             incubated, including NeuralFin and ARTi.

      (II)   Traditional brokerage and investment banking business – DL Securities
             DL Securities (HK) Limited is the core vehicle of the Group’s licensed financial services, holding licences for Type 1
             (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) regulated activities
             from the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong (the “SFC”). During the Year, the licensed financial services
             business recorded revenue of approximately HK$119.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.5%, and was
             the Group’s largest source of income.

             On 24 June 2026, DL Securities achieved a milestone breakthrough – the SFC approved DL Securities to provide
             virtual asset trading services to retail clients. This upgrade has made DL Securities one of the few compliant virtual
             asset trading platforms in Hong Kong serving both professional and retail investors, unlocking leapfrog growth
             opportunities in the next stage. In addition, the Group is actively applying for Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts)
             and Type 5 (advising on futures contracts) licences from the SFC to further complete its licensed business scope.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    (III) Virtual assets and RWA – DL Digital Finance
         Digital finance was the fastest-growing business segment of DL Holdings during the Year. The cryptocurrency mining
         business contributed revenue of approximately HK$117.5 million in its first full year of operation, accounting for
         36.3% of the Group’s total revenue and was the Group’s second-largest source of income. As at 28 April 2026, the
         Group operated 9,695 mining machines with an aggregate hashrate of approximately 4.229 EH/s; as at 30 June 2026,
         it had produced 374.11 Bitcoins, and Bitcoin holdings are expected to reach 700 to 720 coins by the end of 2026.

         In the RWA space, the tokenisation plans of DL Tower LPF and Animoca Brands LPF have obtained a no-objection
         letter from the SFC. The RWA tokenisation proposal in respect of the US$40 million (approximately HK$312 million)
         interest in the ONE Carmel project has also been launched, and tokenised asset interests will in the future be
         distributed to Shareholders by way of distribution in specie. We believe that RWA tokenisation is the most important
         bridge connecting traditional assets with the digital economy, and that DL Holdings has established a significant first-
         mover advantage on this track.

    (IV) Digital AI family office and investment financial community – Neuralfin and ARTi
         2025 was a year of breakthrough in which the Group’s AI layout moved from concept to productisation, and also the
         most imaginative business layout of DL Holdings looking ahead to the next decade.

         NeuralFin’s AI Agent has developed a number of specialised service modules: the intelligent investment advisory
         Agent provides 7×24 round-the-clock asset allocation services; and the behavioural prediction Agent builds investor
         behaviour models through knowledge of behavioural finance and neuroscience technology, effectively identifying
         and providing early warning of irrational trading tendencies. These modules are redefining the standards and
         experience of wealth management services – evolving from “clients raise needs and advisers respond passively” to “AI
         proactively discerns, anticipates in advance and continuously optimises”. In 2026, NeuralFin completed a new round
         of financing of US$5 million, with the latest valuation at US$127 million.

         ARTi Holding Limited is an agentic AI platform oriented towards institutional investors. Its autonomous reasoning
         engine is capable of driving a complete closed loop of investment judgement from insight generation and decision
         recording to result verification, enabling investors to continuously accumulate and optimise their analytical
         capabilities. In June 2026, ARTi completed its Pre-A round of financing at a pre-money valuation of US$30 million,
         introducing C Capital AI Limited as a strategic investor, and the Group held approximately 47.62% of its enlarged
         share capital. Recognition of this round of financing by external institutions marks that ARTi has formally moved
         from an internally incubated project into a new stage of independent commercialised operations.

         NeuralFin focuses on the intelligentisation of wealth management, while ARTi focuses on the intelligentisation of
         investment research – together forming DL Holdings’ twin-star layout of “AI + finance”.




4    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


II. FOUR PROPRIETARY CAPITAL INVESTMENT ASSETS
   While operating the four major business segments, the Group has, with its proprietary capital, built a strategic asset
   portfolio that combines stability with growth potential.

   (I)    ONE Carmel – the pearl of California
          ONE Carmel is an ultra-luxury residential project located in Carmel Valley, Monterey County, California, the United
          States, occupying 891 acres (approximately 3.6 square kilometres) and planned for 73 customised lots. In November
          2025, Phase I of the project formally obtained the sales white paper issued by the California Department of Real
          Estate, crossing the critical threshold from planning to market access.

          The Group has invested in batches since 2020 and, as at present, directly holds a 32.97% interest in the project.
          In June 2026, the Group further subscribed for ONE Carmel Estate Residence Lot A LPF for US$5 million and, as a
          cornerstone investor, provided funding for the construction of the first demonstration residence (“The Legacy”),
          enjoying a fixed return of 8% per annum and a floating return of 20% of excess profits. It is expected that upon
          completion of the demonstration residence, overall sales of the project will be strongly driven.

   (II)   Bitcoin and digital gold
          As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s proprietary mining machines had produced 374.11 Bitcoins. It is expected that
          by the end of 2026, the Group’s Bitcoin holdings will grow to around 700 to 720 coins. Against the backdrop of
          continued over-issuance of global sovereign currencies and intensifying geopolitical uncertainty, Bitcoin’s store-of-
          value attributes as “digital gold” are increasingly recognised by mainstream financial institutions. The Group regards
          Bitcoin as a long-term strategic reserve asset, aiming to accumulate hard-currency reserves of the digital era for all
          Shareholders.

   (III) DL Tower in Central
          DL Tower in Central, Hong Kong is a quality commercial property asset held by the Group. During the Year, a fair
          value gain on investment properties of approximately HK$8.1 million was recorded. DL Tower has provided the
          Group with stable asset appreciation gains and, more importantly, its RWA tokenisation plan (DL Tower LPF) has
          obtained a no-objection letter from the SFC – upon completion of the technical steps, the Group will distribute the
          tokenised interests to Shareholders by way of distribution in specie, enabling the value of traditional commercial real
          estate to reach a broader investor base in digitalised form.

   (IV) Private equity, debt and secondary market funds
          The Group continues to enhance its return on capital through a diversified investment portfolio. During the Year,
          financial assets at fair value through profit or loss recorded a fair value gain of approximately HK$145.4 million, and
          investments in associates at fair value through profit or loss (mainly arising from the reclassification measurement
          of DLDFO/NeuralFin) recorded a fair value gain of approximately HK$241.9 million. In addition, the Group recorded
          revenue of approximately HK$14.4 million from the money lending services segment, and income from fixed-income
          fund investments and bank interest also increased significantly.

          In April 2026, the Group subscribed for two-year zero-coupon convertible notes and warrants of Cango Inc. (NYSE:
          CANG), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, for US$10 million, safeguarding principal safety while
          retaining strategic cooperation options in the digital infrastructure space. This diversified proprietary capital
          investment portfolio has enabled the Group to maintain resilience and flexibility in profitability amid market
          volatility.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


III. THREE MAJOR COMMUNITY ECOSYSTEMS
    If the four major business segments are the “skeleton” of DL Holdings and the four investment assets are the “muscle” of
    DL, then the three major community ecosystems are the “blood” of DL – they define who we serve and for whom we create
    value.

    Ecosystem I: Family office ultra-high-net-worth community
    This is the core ecosystem of DL Holdings with the longest history and the deepest accumulation of trust.

    Family office AUM and related businesses continued to grow steadily. The clientele we serve comprises the most influential
    ultra-high-net-worth families in the Asia-Pacific region, whose needs go far beyond asset preservation and appreciation –
    cross-border identity planning, family trust structures, next-generation successor cultivation, establishment of charitable
    foundations… each is a highly customised, highly trust-dependent service. DL Holdings’ role in this ecosystem is that of “a
    steward worthy of being entrusted across three generations”.

    At present, DL Holdings’ business reach covers Hong Kong, Shanghai, Silicon Valley, Tokyo and Singapore, and it is actively
    preparing to enter Switzerland – the birthplace and pinnacle of global private wealth management. These six nodes form
    a 24-hour uninterrupted service network spanning Asia, North America and Europe, enabling our family office clients to
    obtain localised professional support wherever they are.

    Ecosystem II: Professional and institutional investor AI securities community
    This is the core ecosystem of DL Holdings with the highest technology density and the strongest growth momentum.

    Building on licensed financial services, DL Securities covers the full chain of securities trading, margin financing,
    investment banking, research and advisory, focusing on professional and institutional investor groups. With the opening of
    retail virtual asset trading services, DL Securities’ client base will extend from institutions to retail, forming a more multi-
    dimensional user structure. The Type 2 and Type 5 licences under application will further complete its derivatives service
    capabilities.

    Digital financial asset infrastructure is the foundation of this ecosystem. The Bitcoin mining business provides a continuous
    reserve of digital gold; RWA tokenisation has opened up the technical and compliance channels for bringing traditional
    assets onto the blockchain; and in March 2026, the Board decided to reallocate approximately HK$145.5 million of the
    unused proceeds from the placing to power sites, artificial intelligence data centres, inference GPUs and related projects.
    DL is evolving from a “miner of digital assets” into an “infrastructure provider of the digital economy”. Amid the explosive
    growth in global demand for AI computing power, our in-depth cooperation with the Bitmain ecosystem, mining-farm
    power resources across the globe, and collaborative layout with strategic partners such as Cango have enabled DL Holdings
    to occupy a unique niche on the “energy – computing power – applications” value chain.

    ARTi is the intelligent brain of this ecosystem. It provides institutional investors with AI-driven research, monitoring,
    analysis and decision-support services, upgrading investment processes that traditionally relied on human experience
    into a high-efficiency model of “human-machine collaboration”. ARTi’s goal is not to replace investment managers, but to
    enable every investment manager to have a tireless, continuously evolving “digital analyst partner”.




6    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


      Ecosystem III: AI financial community
      This is DL Holdings’ ultimate vision for the future – a new species driven by AI, taking the form of a community, and
      centred on financial services.

      NeuralFin is the engine of the financial community. What it is building is not a tool, but an ecosystem: users can not only
      browse the latest market developments, industry analysis and policy interpretation, but also obtain 7×24 round-the-clock
      precise guidance through AI Agents. Artificial intelligence modules are redefining the standards and experience of wealth
      management services – evolving from “clients raise needs and advisers respond passively” to “AI proactively discerns,
      anticipates in advance and continuously optimises”.

      The imaginative space of AI financial services goes far beyond intelligent investment advisory. From behavioural prediction
      to risk early-warning, from tax optimisation to succession planning, from market sentiment analysis to global macro
      judgement – the penetration of AI will bring the efficiency, precision and personalisation of every financial services link
      to a height unattainable under the traditional model. DL’s advantage lies in this: we have real clients, real assets and real
      transaction data with which to train and iterate our AI models. This is a competitive moat that pure technology companies
      do not possess, and a technological capability that pure financial institutions find difficult to replicate.

      The RWA tokenisation strategy is the key link that ties the three major ecosystems together. In the future, interests in ONE
      Carmel will enter the AI financial community through tokenisation; interests in DL Tower will benefit ordinary investors
      through tokenisation; and the tokenisation of Animoca Brands LPF will open up the value channel between virtual
      assets and traditional funds. Our ultimate goal is to enable every Shareholder and client of DL Holdings to freely allocate
      traditional financial assets, digital assets and physical assets within a seamlessly connected ecosystem.

CLOSING REMARKS
DL is not a company that merely chases market trends. Before opportunities arrive, we research diligently and lay out plans
quietly. When opportunities arrive, we have already clearly seen the path, validated the model, gathered the talent, and built a
sufficiently deep financial buffer to support this marathon. The road ahead is long, but our direction is clear and our steps are
firm.

Mr. Chen Ningdi

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 30 June 2026




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW
During the year ended 31 March 2026 (the “Reporting Period”), despite the uncertainties cast on the global economic prospect,
the Group continued to focus on the development of its financial services of licensed business, including, financial advisory
services; securities research services; securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services;
investment management and advisory services and insurance brokerage services to customers (the “Financial Services
Businesses”), and has expanded its family office services business.

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded an increase in revenue by approximately 70.6% from approximately HK$189.7
million for the year ended 31 March 2025 (the “FY2025”) to approximately HK$323.7 million for the year ended 31 March
2026. The Group recorded an increase in gross profit by approximately 92.7% to approximately HK$267.6 million during the
Reporting Period (FY2025: HK$138.9 million). The Group recorded an increase in profit for the year by approximately 167.9% to
approximately HK$367.3 million during the Reporting Period (FY2025: HK$137.1 million).

Provision of financial services of licensed business
The financial services provided by the licensed business of the Group include financial advisory services; securities research
services; securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; investment management and
advisory services; and insurance brokerage services to customers.

The financial advisory services provided by the Group include advising clients on corporate finance. During the Reporting Period,
the Group provided financial advisory services to its clients from different industry sectors, including communications, industrial,
consumer, technology and financial sectors, including, but not limited to companies listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

The securities research services include conducting research by the in-house analysts of the Group and producing research
reports for clients of our securities trading and brokerage and margin financing services.

The securities trading and brokerage services include trading securities on behalf of clients.

The margin financing business includes provision of stock-secured financing for retail, corporate and high-net-worth clients who
need financing to purchase securities. As at 31 March 2026, the loan receivables from margin financing services amounted to
approximately HK$99.3 million (31 March 2025: HK$55.9 million).

The referral services include (a) advising, sourcing and referring investment targets and/or investors to institutional funds; (b)
connecting projects with clients and buyers with clients; and (c) coordinating, advising on and executing fundraising projects.
During the Reporting Period, the Group mainly provided referral services to financial, biotechnology and manufacturing sector
clients.

The investment management services include managing the investment portfolio and asset allocation of offshore funds. In the
year 2021, the Group acquired a licensed entity in the Cayman Islands and a licensed entity in Singapore and commenced the
provision of investment management services in the Cayman Islands and Singapore. The investment advisory services include
providing securities advisory services to clients. During the Reporting Period, the service fees charged by the Group for managing
the assets under investment management and financial advisory services amounted to approximately HK$39.7 million (FY2025:
HK$68.8 million).




8      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The insurance brokerage service includes sourcing insurance policies for clients and advocating on clients’ behalf to liaise with
insurance companies. In 2022, the Group acquired DL Emerald Wealth Management Limited, a licensed insurance intermediary,
and commenced the provision of insurance brokerage services to high-net-worth individuals. During the Reporting Period, the
services fee charged by the Group for provision of insurance brokerage services amounted to approximately HK$65.6 million
(FY2025: HK$28.0 million).

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for provision of financial services of licensed business was approximately
HK$119.7 million (FY2025: HK$109.3 million) and segment profit was approximately HK$18.1 million (FY2025: HK$25.3 million).

The increase in segment revenue was mainly attributable to the increase in services fee income from insurance brokerage
services during the Reporting Period. The decrease in segment profit during the Reporting Period was mainly due to the decrease
in segment profit contributed from financial advisory services which have a relatively higher profit margin.

Provision of family office services business
The family office services include provision of family office services, investment advisory, assets management services and
referral services provided to ultra-high net worth families.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for the provision of family office services was approximately HK$56.8 million
(FY2025: HK$53.3 million) and segment profit was approximately HK$12.9 million (FY2025: HK$12.4 million). The segment
revenue was mainly contributed by DL Family Office HK. The increase in segment profit was mainly attributable to increase in
segment revenue for the provision of family office services during the Reporting Period.

Provision of money lending services
The Group’s money lending business mainly targets customers who wish to obtain trade financing.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for provision of money lending services was approximately HK$14.4 million
(FY2025: HK$12.7 million) and segment profit was approximately HK$2.6 million (FY2025: HK$12.1 million). The decrease in
segment profit was mainly attributable to the provision for expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance on loan and interest receivables
of approximately HK$1.5 million during the Reporting Period (FY2025: reversal of the provision for ECL allowance of HK$4.6
million).

As at 31 March 2026, the Group granted loans to 23 (31 March 2025: 27) customers, which are mainly individual customers
in seek of funding for investment and general working capital purpose. As at 31 March 2026, the Group had a customer
concentration risk as approximately 10.6% (31 March 2025: 5.8%) and approximately 44.2% (31 March 2025: 27.9%) of total loans
and interests to customers (net of allowance) were made up by the Company’s largest loan customer’s and the five largest loans
customers’ outstanding balances respectively. As at 31 March 2026, all loan and interest receivables based on the maturity date,
are within one year.

As at 31 March 2026, loan receivables of the Group bore interest from 6.0% – 15.0% (31 March 2025: 8.0% – 15.0%) per annum
and repayable in fixed terms agreed with customers. As at 31 March 2026, interest receivables bore interest from 6.0% – 20.0%
(31 March 2025: 8.0% – 20.0%) per annum for default interest and repayable in fixed terms agreed with customers.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As required under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard 9 Financial Instruments, the Group performed impairment
assessment under ECL model on loan and interest receivables as at 31 March 2026. Key inputs used for measuring the ECL are the
probability of default, the magnitude of the loss if there is default and the exposure of the Group at default.

During the Reporting Period, the provision of HK$1.5 million (FY2025: reversal of provision of HK$4.6 million) was recognised in
respect of the ECL for the loan and interests receivables. The provision for ECL was mainly due to the increase in loan receivables.
For the Reporting Period, the provisions for ECL on loan and interest receivables of HK$1.5 million (FY2025: reversal of provision
of HK$4.6 million) were recognised in the Company’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

The Group manages its credit risk by adoption of conservative credit risk assessment policy. A series of credit assessment
procedures, such as identity checks, financial position assessment and public searches, were performed by the Group before each
loan was approved and advanced to the borrowing customers. In credit assessment, the Company will take into consideration
factors including but not limited to the borrower’s financial soundness, internal and external credit checking results, and, where
applicable, the availability of any guarantee, collateral and/or other forms of security.

Subsequent to the drawdown, the Group will regularly review and update the information obtained during the credit assessment
procedures. The Group also actively reviews and monitors the loan repayment status to ensure all the interests and principal
payments are punctual and the past due amounts, if any, are closely followed up.

The credit policy is reviewed and revised on a regular basis to incorporate changes in the prevailing market and economic
conditions, legal and regulatory requirements, and other factors the Directors consider as important.

OUTSTANDING LOAN RECEIVABLES AS AT 31 MARCH 2026 AND THE MAJOR TERMS OF THE
LOANS
As at 31 March 2026, the total outstanding loan receivables was approximately HK$188.3 million (31 March 2025: HK$148.7
million) which was granted to 23 (31 March 2025: 27) borrowers, of which approximately 39.4% of the outstanding balance (31
March 2025: 68.5%) was attributable to individuals and 60.6% (31 March 2025: 31.5%) was attributable to corporate borrowers
from various sectors including, but not limited to, media, investment, finance, consulting, etc. Loan receivables from the five
largest borrowers amounted to approximately HK$85.0 million (31 March 2025: HK$43.5 million) or 45.2% (31 March 2025:
29.3%) of the total outstanding loan receivables as at 31 March 2026. The weighted maturity profile is approximately 7.6 months
(31 March 2025: 5.2 months). As at 31 March 2026, the loan receivables bore interest from 6.0% to 15.0% (31 March 2025: 8.0% to
15.0%) per annum and repayable in fixed terms agreed between the parties. The secured loans, representing approximately 14.5%
(31 March 2025: 4%) of the total outstanding loan receivables, were secured by interests in a limited partnership fund and senior
note issued by a listed company in Hong Kong.




10     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


AGEING ANALYSIS OF THE OUTSTANDING LOANS
As at 31 March 2026, the weighted ageing of the outstanding loan receivables based on initial loan commencement date as set
out in the relevant contracts was approximately 4.4 months (31 March 2025: 6.6 months).

The ageing analysis of loan receivables based on initial loan commencement date as set out in the relevant contracts is as
follows:

                                                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026           31 March 2025
                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000
Within 1 month                                                                                      31,000                    9,000
1 to 6 months                                                                                      111,700                   43,200
7 to 9 months                                                                                       32,678                   65,881
10 to 12 months                                                                                     12,878                   30,590
Total                                                                                              188,256                148,671


The ageing analysis of loan receivables based on the maturity dates as set out in the relevant contracts is as follows:

                                                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026           31 March 2025
                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000
Not due yet                                                                                        188,256                148,671


Sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions to customers
The sales of apparel products business includes selling apparels and sourcing suppliers and third-party manufacturers to produce
apparels that meet the requirements of the customers of the Group (“Sale of Apparel Products Business”) and the supply
chain management total solutions business (together with the Sale of Apparel Products Business, the “Apparel Business”)
include market trend analysis, design and product development, sourcing, production management, quality control and logistics
services.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to explore business opportunities with e-commerce customers and Direct
to Consumer (D to C) model brands by selling apparels products to them and arranging the delivery of goods from factory to
customer distribution centers of clients or from factory directly to final customers of clients.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for the Apparel Business decreased to approximately HK$4.5 million (FY2025:
HK$5.1 million), representing an decrease of 11.8%. Segment profit for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately HK$0.3
million (FY2025: segment loss of HK$1.8 million).

Provision of enterprise solutions services
The enterprise solutions services include provision of global identity planning and wealth inheritance consultancy services, and
other business consultancy services provided to high net worth clients. During the Reporting Period, the enterprise solutions
services business contributed segment revenue of approximately HK$10.9 million (FY2025: HK$9.2 million) and segment loss of
approximately HK$5.4 million (FY2025: HK$18.3 million). The increase in the segment revenue was mainly attributable to the
increase in the demand for global identity planning and wealth inheritance consultancy services, and other business consultancy
services provided to high-net-worth clients.

Digital Finance Business
Digital Finance business mainly include the Bitcoin mining operation across three sites in the United States, Oman and Paraguay.



                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group buys and owns specialist mining computers, runs them in third-party data centres in several countries, points the
computing power they generate (“hashrate”) at a mining pool, and is paid in Bitcoin (“BTC”) – block rewards plus transaction
fees – in line with its share of the network’s total hashrate.

During the Reporting Period, the digital finance business contributed segment revenue of approximately HK$117.5 million
(FY2025: nil) and segment loss of approximately HK$28.2 million (FY2025: nil). The increase in the segment revenue was
attributable to the commencement of bitcoin mining operation during the Reporting Period. The increase in the segment loss
was mainly attributable to impairment loss of digital assets during the reporting period.

PROSPECTS
Future outlook
In view of the uncertainties and fluctuations in the global and local economies faced by the Group, the Directors expect that the
overall business environment the Group operates in will remain challenging, particularly pursuant to the continuing effect of the
high interest rate environment.

In particular, global economy uncertainty and international conflict had been imposing pressure to the general prospects of
apparel industry and overall trading environment. In face of such pressure, the Group adopted a conservative strategy in the
Apparel Business with the view to lower the risk exposure of the Group amid such turbulent market situation. Nonetheless, the
adverse impact on the business environment persisted throughout the Reporting Period and despite the cost control measures
taken by the Group and the new clientele developed in the United States, the Group continued to record revenue in a relatively
low level for the Apparel Business segment in the past three years. Whilst the Group continues to assess its sales strategy
for the Apparel Business having taking into account the demand for apparel products globally and the profit margin of the
business segment following cost-benefit analysis of the Group, the Group will from time to time reassess the Group’s strategy
in allocating of its resources between the business units so as to ensure the interests of the Company and its shareholders (the
“Shareholders”) are preserved.

On the other hand, in respect of the Financial Services Businesses, the Group continued to focus on the development in
the business segment and it was a major contributing factor to the revenue recorded by the Group. The Group aims to be a
prominent asset management and financial services platform, with a core focus on family office in the Asia-Pacific region. Our
developing strategy for the coming fiscal year is as below:

1.    Based on the wealth management platform operated by DL Family Office HK, DL Emerald Wealth Management Limited
      and DL Advisory Services Limited, we will continue to provide personalised wealth management and succession services
      throughout the entire life cycle for ultra-high net worth families.

2.    DL Securities (HK) Limited (“DL Securities”) will continue to serve our increasing key corporate clients and expand its
      investor base for capital market activities.

3.    DL Digital Family Office (HK) Limited (“DLDFO”) and DL Securities have developed a standardised investment scheme
      (Flagship Strategy) for all investors under DL Securities trading platform, where we are able to offer standard global asset
      allocation and management services to high net worth families, professional investors (“PI”), financial institutions, private
      enterprises, and external wealth management platforms. With such effort, the FO investment and services will not be
      limited to ultra-high net worth families, but can be extended to other range of investors under a more standardised and
      scalable DL Flagship program. DLDFO will also develop other asset management products and offer them to our increasing
      investor pool.




12     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


4.   The business of DL Global Capital (“DLGC”) includes, but not limited to ONE Carmel, ONE Plus Property Management, and
     private equity and credit funds. DLGC provides clients with private investment opportunities through debt and equity
     instruments.

     ONE Carmel is a luxury real estate project of 891 acres with 73 world-class houses and global community services located
     in the breathtaking Carmel Valley, California. After years of hard work, the first phase of the project is expected to be
     completed in 2026.

     DLGC will also continue to explore investment opportunities in Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and the United States in both
     equity and credit nature.

5.   A strategic cooperation agreement has been entered into between the Group and Soochow Securities (Hong Kong) Financial
     Holdings Limited (“SCS”), pursuant to which we will cooperate with SCS in all business fronts and launch all-round
     cooperation in the aspects of family office, wealth management, joint operation and equity, including docking domestic
     and overseas client resources, providing asset allocation strategies and investment products, and selling various financial
     products on behalf of each other, to jointly promote cross- border investment and wealth management between Mainland
     China and Hong Kong, the Greater Bay Area, and potentially covering the Asia-Pacific region.

6.   DL New Economy Research Institute (the “Institute”) is established to promote the institutionalisation, programming,
     systematisation, and professionalism of internal research, providing recommendations and valuable reference for the
     overall investment direction of the Group. Internally, the Institute will provide reports, consultation and services based on
     the needs of research from different departments. Externally, the Institute will launch extensive inter-industry cooperation
     to expand the influence of the think-tank and provide services such as macroeconomic trends and specialised industry
     analysis for the family office customers of the Group.

     The Group will provide research results of the wealth management industry both internally and externally in the form of
     a think-tank to provide advice and suggestions for the government and the development of the industry. The Institute will
     fully leverage on the market and information advantages of Hong Kong as an international financial centre as well as the
     business platform of the Group, actively put into practice the Group’s philosophy of “Delivering Legacy”, employ competent
     think-tanks and talent teams, and strengthen the application and promotion of the brand name of “DL Research”, to
     solidly promote and enhance the Group’s research capability and customer service level.




                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


7.    DLDFO will be transformed from the form of traditional asset management into a digital family office, DL Digital Family
      Office (“DL Digital FO”). DL Digital FO will be complementary to the existing multifamily office business, with a coverage of
      professional investors above the entry level (US$1 million), providing them with basic family office diversified investment
      services and targeting potential clients in advance, to increase the number of clients and the total amount of assets under
      management. By combining big data, cloud computing and blockchain technologies, DL Digital FO will gradually help the
      professional investment grade clients in the asset management category enjoy the family office level investment services
      and favourable returns through the artificial intelligence investment advisory system.

      DL Digital FO will be defined as: a digital wealth manager for professional investors, together with the Group’s multifamily
      office, securities investment, global real estates, and the newly established institute for new economic research, accelerates
      on the path of wealth management of rapid informatisation development. The establishment of DL Digital FO will become
      the first new family office service platform to provide true “three-in-one”, namely digital, intelligent, and humanised,
      services in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. DL Digital FO will fully connect the well-established
      investment strategies and past performance of DL Asset Management Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
      with artificial intelligence and big data, lowering the investment threshold while providing effective risk control,
      maintaining transparency and agility, and escorting the preservation and enhancement of asset value of the clients.

8.    During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group acquired the remaining 55% interest in DL Family Office HK, a licensed
      entity to carry out type 4 and type 9 regulated activities by the Securities and Futures Commission, to further expand its
      investment management services in Hong Kong. The Group will continue to expand the family office business in the future.

With the diversified revenue source and capability of the Group, the Group strives to proactively adapt to the changing
environment with an ultimate aim of bringing better investment return to the shareholders of the Company.

Looking forward, the Group will proactively review its performance and prospects in different business segments from time to
time in light of the changing business environment, with an aim to optimise the use of the Group’s resources in the interests of
the Company thereby bringing maximum return to the Shareholders.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
During the Reporting Period, the Group reported revenue of approximately HK$323.7 million (FY2025: HK$189.7 million),
representing an increase of 70.6%. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the increase in revenue from provision
of financial services of licensed business, family office services and digital finance business. During the Reporting Period, the
Financial Services Business remained the major revenue contributor.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of the financial services of license business increased to approximately
HK$119.7 million (FY2025: HK$109.3 million). The increase was mainly attributable to the increase in commission and brokerage
arising on securities dealing and commission and brokerage from insurance brokerage services.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of the family office services business increased to approximately HK$56.8
million (FY2025: HK$53.3 million), representing an increase of approximately 6.6%. The segment revenue was mainly contributed
by DL Family Office HK. The increase was mainly due to the increase in services fees income from the provision of family office
services contributed by DL Family Office HK after the completion of the acquisition of the remaining 55% interest in DL Family
Office HK in November 2023.




14     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of the money lending services increased to approximately HK$14.4 million
(FY2025: HK$12.7 million), which represents an increase of 13.4%.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for the Apparel Business decreased to approximately HK$4.5 million
(FY2025: HK$5.1 million), representing a decrease of approximately 11.8%. Segment profit for the Reporting Period amounted
to approximately HK$0.3 million (FY2025: segment loss of HK$1.8 million). The Apparel Business continued to suffer from
challenges in the global business environment, fierce competition, and international trade conflicts.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of enterprise solutions services increased to approximately HK$10.9 million
(FY2025: HK$9.2 million) and was attributable to the increase in service fees generated from consultancy services provided by the
Group.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of digital finance business amounted to approximately HK$117.5 million
(FY2025: nil) and was attributable to the commencement of the bitcoin mining operation during the Reporting Period.

Cost of services
The Group’s cost of services primarily consists of cost of services from the Financial Services Businesses and family office services
business. The cost of services from the Financial Services Businesses mainly consist of sub-referral fee to business vendors and
expenses for placement projects and the cost of services from the family office services business mainly consist of referral fee
to business vendors and various service costs. During the Reporting Period, the cost of services increased to HK$56.1 million
(FY2025: HK$50.7 million), representing an increase of 10.7% due to the increase in cost of services incurred for the Financial
Services Businesses and family office services business.

Gross profit and gross profit margins
During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the Group was approximately HK$267.6 million (FY2025: HK$138.9 million),
which represents an increase of approximately 92.7%. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit margin increased to
approximately 82.7% (FY2025: 73.2%).

Other gains, net
During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded net other gains of approximately HK$397.0 million (FY2025: HK$196.1
million). The increase was mainly attributable to the net fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(“FVTPL”) of approximately HK$145.4 million (FY2025: HK$22.4 million), fair value gain from an associate measured at FVTPL of
approximately HK$241.9 million (FY2025: HK$nil) and fair value gain on investment properties of approximately HK$8.1 million
(FY2025: HK$1.2 million).

Selling expenses
Selling expenses are mainly incurred by the Enterprise solution services and mainly consist of sales commission paid to external
sales representatives and staff costs of in-house staff whose roles are mainly focusing on sourcing new customers. During the
Reporting Period, selling expenses decreased to HK$0.4 million (FY2025: HK$1.4 million).




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


General and administrative expenses
General and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee benefit expenses, entertainment and travelling expenses,
depreciation of property, plant and equipment, legal and professional fees and other miscellaneous general and administrative
expenses. During the Reporting Period, general and administrative expenses increased to approximately HK$285.6 million
(FY2025: HK$175.6 million), representing an increase of approximately 62.6%. Such increase was mainly due to the electricity
expenses, utilities fee, site hosting fee and depreciation of property, plant and equipment for bitcoin mining business incurred in
which the bitcoin mining business commence during the Reporting Period.

Finance costs

During the Reporting Period, finance cost decreased to approximately HK$15.6 million (FY2025: HK$30.0 million) which was
mainly attributable to decrease in interest expenses on promissory note payables.

As at 31 March 2026, the Group had (i) bank borrowing of approximately HK$76.8 million (31 March 2025: HK$50.0 million)
with a floating interest rate of 1.5%-1.9% per annum (FY2025: 2.3%) over the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate and (ii) other
borrowings of approximately HK$86.2 million (31 March 2025: HK$5.4 million); (iii) bonds payable of approximately HK$46.0
million (31 March 2025: HK$84.0 million) with fixed coupon rates ranging from 5% to 8% per annum; and (iv) promissory note
payables of approximately HK$22.2 million (31 March 2025: HK$32.8 million) with interest rate of 3% per annum.

Total comprehensive income
During the Reporting Period, total comprehensive income was approximately HK$367.5 million (FY2025: HK$136.9 million).

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
For the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2026, the Group mainly financed its operations with its own working capital, bank
borrowing and proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds and promissory note payables. As at 31 March 2026, the Group had
net current assets of approximately HK$538.5 million (31 March 2025: HK$365.0 million), including cash and cash equivalents
of approximately HK$369.6 million (31 March 2025: HK$31.7 million). The Group’s current ratio was approximately 2.02 as at 31
March 2026 (31 March 2025: 2.45).

As at 31 March 2026, the Group had bank borrowing of HK$76.8 million (31 March 2025: HK$50.0 million) at a floating interest
rate of 1.5%-1.9% per annum (FY2025: 2.3%) over the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate. The bank borrowing is denominated in
Hong Kong Dollars and is repayable within one year and secured by corporate guarantee given by the Company.

As at 31 March 2026, the aggregate carrying values of promissory note issued by the Group amounted to approximately HK$22.2
million (31 March 2025: HK$32.8 million), with interest rate of 3% per annum (2025: 0% to 8% per annum), which is denominated
in Hong Kong dollars (31 March 2025: Hong Kong dollars and United States dollars) and shall be repayable three years.




16     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As at 31 March 2026, the Group had unlisted coupon bonds in issue to independent third-party subscribers with an aggregate
principal amount of HK$46.0 million (31 March 2025: HK$84.0 million). The unlisted bonds are denominated in Hong Kong
Dollars and unsecured and not guaranteed. The coupon rate and maturity date of the unlisted coupon bonds issued by the Group
as at 31 March 2026 are set out as follows:

Principal amount of the unlisted bonds             Maturity date                                                         Coupon rate

(1) HK$16 million                                  Within 84 months from the date of issue                                          5%
(2) HK$30 million                                  Within 60 months from the date of issue                                          8%

As at 31 March 2025 and 2026, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly held in United States dollars, Renminbi,
Singapore dollars, Euro dollars, Japanese yen and Hong Kong dollars.

Details of changes in the Company’s share capital are set out in note 30 to this annual report.

Gearing ratio is calculated by dividing total debts (including bank and other borrowings, bonds payable, convertible bonds,
promissory notes payables and lease liabilities) by total equity as at the end of the reporting period. The Group’s gearing ratio
decreased from approximately 21.6% as at 31 March 2025 to approximately 14.9% as at 31 March 2026.

TREASURY POLICIES
The Group adopts prudent treasury policies. The Group’s management performs an ongoing credit evaluation of the financial
conditions of its customers in order to reduce the Group’s exposure of credit risk. In addition to these ongoing credit evaluations,
the Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of the Group’s assets, liabilities and
commitments can meet its funding requirements.

COMMITMENTS
The Group’s contractual commitments primarily related to the leases of its office premises and capital injection to a limited
partnership fund. As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the Group did not have any material lease commitments or capital
commitments.

CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The capital structure of the Group consists of (i) net cash and cash equivalents; (ii) equity attributable to owners of the Group,
comprising issued capital and other reserves; and (iii) other borrowings comprising corporate bonds, convertible bonds, bank
borrowing and promissory notes.

As at 31 March 2026, there were a total of 2,069,864,877 Shares (including 48,198,849 treasury shares) in issue. As at the date of
this annual report, there were a total of 2,049,598,877 Shares (including 48,198,849 treasury shares) in issue.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS
Carmel Reserve LLC
On 21 August 2020, DL Investment Holdings US, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Subscriber”), and Carmel
Reserve LLC (the “Target Company”) entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”). The Target
Company is an associate of Ms. Jiang Xinrong (“Ms. Jiang”), the honorary chairman of the Board and the non-executive Director
who resigned with effect from 28 April 2023 and Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”), the chairman of the Board, the executive Director
and chief executive officer of the Company. As such, the Target Company is a connected person of the Company. Pursuant to the
Subscription Agreement, the Target Company has conditionally agreed to issue and allot to the Subscriber, and the Subscriber
has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, 27.06% of the interest in the Target Company as a class B member as enlarged by
the subscription in two tranches at the consideration of US$5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$39,000,000) which
represents a post-money enterprise value of the Target Company of approximately US$35,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
HK$273,000,000) (the “Subscription”). The Subscription has completed on 30 December 2020 and the consideration was satisfied
by a combination of cash and the issuance of promissory note by the Company.

On 9 May 2024, the Company and the Target Company entered into a loan agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to
provide a loan to the Target Company in the principal amount of US$2,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$15,600,000) (the
“Debt Investment”).

On 16 September 2025, the Company and the Target Company entered into a subscription agreement, pursuant to which the
Target Company has conditionally agreed to issue and allot to the Company (or its nominee), and the Company has conditionally
agreed to subscribe for (or procure its nominee to subscribe for) the subscription interest, representing approximately 13.12%
of the issued Class B Membership Interest in the Target Company as enlarged by the subscription, at the consideration of
approximately US$10.32 million (equivalent to approximately HK$80.52 million) (the “Further Subscription”), comprising US$8.0
million by cash and US$2.32 million from loan capitalisation of the outstanding principal and interest of the Debt Investment.
The Further Subscription has completed in September 2025.

As at 31 March 2025, the Company is, directly and indirectly, interested in approximately 32.97% of the issued class B
membership interest in the Target Company.

The Target Company is principally engaged in the investment, construction and development of an ultra-luxury real estate
project named “One Carmel”. The construction of the real estate project has been kicked off in the early 2023. Offsite cut and
fill grading and road widening is under process. A sales centre was established and launched in May 2023. The investment of
the Group in the Target Company is stated at fair value and is recorded as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
As at 31 March 2026, the fair value of the investment in the Target Company amounted to approximately HK$322.0 million,
which represents approximately 9.6% of the total assets of the Group as at 31 March 2026. No dividend was received from this
investment by the Group during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, there was a fair value gain of approximately
HK$101.8 million arising from this investment.

The Subscription represents the first real estate investment of the Group. Notwithstanding the fact that the Subscription interest
bears no management rights or control on the Target Company, having considered that the Group has been expanding its
investment portfolio, the Board was of the view that being a passive financial investor in the Target Company, the Group will be
able to enjoy the future potential profit through distribution to be made by the Target Company.

Furthermore, the Company considers ONE Carmel to be a quality real estate real-world asset (“RWA”) with significant potential
for future tokenisation, supporting the Group’s innovative digital finance and blockchain initiatives. The Further Subscription
represents a significant strategic opportunity to deepen the Company’s investment in the prestigious “ONE Carmel” luxury
residential development. The Board was of the view that, by increasing its equity interest in the Target Company, the Group will
be able to enhance its exposure to potential long-term capital appreciation and profit distributions from the real estate project.




18     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Neuralfin
As at 31 March 2026, the Group indirectly held approximately 34.32% interest in Neuralfin Technology (Cayman) Limited
(previously known as DL Digital Family Office (Cayman) Limited) (“Neuralfin”). Neuralfin was incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
The principal activity of Neuralfin is investment holding and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the provision of securities
advisory services and asset management services in Hong Kong.

As at 31 March 2026, the investment in Neuralfin is stated in investment in associate measured at fair value through profit or
loss. As at 31 March 2026, the fair value of the investment in associate measured at fair value through profit or loss amounted to
approximately HK$340.0 million, which represents approximately 10.1% of the total assets of the Group.

No dividend was received from this investment by the Group during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, there was
a fair value gain of approximately HK$241.9 million arising from this investment.

There is no change of valuation technique used for the fair value of Neuralfin as at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2026 as stated
in the Company’s annual report for the year ended 31 March 2025 and this annual report, respectively.

Income approach as valuation technique was used to determine the fair value of Neuralfin as at 31 March 2025 and 31 March
2026.

The Company considered income approach to be appropriate to value Neuralfin. The principle of this approach is that the value
of the asset can be measured by the present worth of the economic benefits to be received over the asset life. This approach
estimates the future economic benefits and discounts these benefits to their present value using an appropriate discount rate for
all risks associated with realizing those benefits.

The selection of the income approach is driven by the nature of Neuralfin’s business, which focuses on developing and
enhancing an AI-driven digital advisory services platform and is consequently expected to generate sustainable revenue and
profitability. The income approach is uniquely capable of capturing the value contribution of this expected future growth in the
determination of fair value.

The material fair value gain recognised during the Reporting Period as compared with the corresponding period for the year
ended 31 March 2025 was mainly due to the increase in the revenue forecast assumption for FY2027 – FY2031 adopted in the
valuation as at 31 March 2026, as compared to those as at 31 March 2025.

During the year ended 31 March 2026, Neuralfin started negotiation with the various investors for potential capital injections in
the future which strengthened the Neuralfin’s confidence to finance the operation of AI business in the future by investors’ fund
to enhance the revenue of Neuralfin in the future. The latest series B funding round has also strengthened Neuralfin’s confidence
to finance the operation of AI business in the future by investors’ fund to enhance the revenue in long term.

The valuation as at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2026 was prepared by using management accounts as at 31 March 2025 and 31
March 2026, as audited figures were not available at the valuation date. The management accounts as at 31 March 2025 and 31
March 2026 have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards. The Company considered that there were no
significant differences between the audited figures and data used in the valuations.

Further details in relation to the level 3 fair value measurement for the valuation of the investment in Neuralfin which is stated
in investment in associate measured at fair value through profit or loss as at 31 March 2026 are set out in note 47(g)(ii) to the
consolidated financial statements of the Group in this annual report.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2026, the Group had no significant investments accounting for more than 5% of the
Group’s total assets.

The Group adopts prudent and pragmatic investment strategies over its significant investment to generate investment return
with a view to better utilise the capital and funds of the Group. Factors including but not limited to the investee’s financial
performance, prospect, dividend policy and associated risk of the investment were considered for investment decisions.


                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
VENTURES
Subscription of new shares in EEKA Fashion Holdings Limited
On 12 September 2025, EEKA Fashion Holdings Limited (“EEKA”) (stock code: 3709) and the Company entered into the strategic
cooperation and investment agreement, pursuant to which (i) the Company has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and EEKA
has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, 4,600,000 subscription shares at the subscription price of HK$6.50 per subscription
share on the completion date; and (ii) the Company and EEKA has agreed on the overall framework and direction in relation to
the real world asset tokenisation plan pursuant to the strategic cooperation. The aggregated subscription price of approximately
HK$29,900,000 shall be paid by the Company to EEKA in cash upon completion. The subscription shares represent approximately
0.65% of the issued share capital of EEKA as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the subscription shares. The subscription was
completed on 15 October 2025.

For further details, please refer to the joint announcements of the Company and EEKA dated 12 September 2025 and 15 October
2025.

BTC Mining Machines Acquisition
On 28 September 2025, the Company (as purchaser) and the Evergreen Wealth Investment Limited (“Evergreen”) (as vendor)
entered into the formal agreement, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to acquire and Evergreen has
conditionally agreed to sell the 2,200 units of S21XP HYD Bitcoin mining machines with an aggregate computing power of
approximately 1,040,600 TH/s at the total consideration of US$21,852,600 (equivalent to HK$170,450,280). The consideration will
be satisfied by the issuance of (i) the convertible bonds with a principal amount of US$21,852,600; (ii) 40,000,000 warrants; and
(iii) subject to the fulfillment of the earn-out conditions, the 13,442,451 earnout shares by the Company. The acquisition was
completed on 30 December 2025.

For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 28 September 2025, circular of the Company dated 4
December 2025, announcement of the Company dated 4 December 2025, 23 December 2025 and 30 December 2025.

BM Acquisitions
On 17 October 2025 (after trading hours), the Company entered into two formal agreements with each of the subsidiaries of
BITMAIN Technologies Holding Company in relation to the acquisition of Bitcoin mining machines, comprising 1,900 units of
Bitcoin mining machines and 1,095 units of Bitcoin mining machines, respectively, at a total consideration of US$8,349,075
(equivalent to HK$65,122,785) and US$10,876,635 (equivalent to HK$84,837,753), respectively.

For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 17 October 2025 and 31 October 2025.




20     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Subscription of shares in Youngtimers AG
On 5 December 2025 (after trading hours), the Company and Youngtimers AG (“YTME”) entered into a subscription agreement
(the “YTME Subscription Agreement”), pursuant to which (i) the Company has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and YTME
has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, an aggregate of 19,047,618 subscription shares of YTME at the subscription price of
CHF0.42 (equivalent to approximately HK$4.10) per subscription share for a total consideration of US$10.0 million (equivalent to
approximately HK$78.0 million), which will be satisfied partly by cash and partly by the allotment and issuance and/or transfer
out of treasury of the 17,901,639 consideration shares by the Company to YTME of HK$3.05 per consideration share upon
completion; and (ii) YTME shall grant the call option to the Company which the Company shall be granted the right to acquire a
maximum number of 3,809,523 shares in YTME at the option price of CHF0.42 per call option share (equivalent to approximately
HK$4.10 per call option share) or approximately US$2.0 million in aggregate (equivalent to approximately HK$15.6 million). The
subscription was completed on 13 January 2026, where (i) an aggregate of 19,047,618 subscription shares of YTME have been
allotted and issued to the Company (or its nominee) on 31 December 2025, and (ii) the consideration shares (being 17,901,639
Shares held in treasury by the Company) have been transferred out from treasury to YTME on 13 January 2026.

For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 12 November 2025, 5 December 2025 and 13
January 2026.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates
and joint ventures during the Reporting Period.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
There was no specific plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 March 2026. In the event that the Group is engaged
in any plan for material investments or capital assets, the Company will make announcement(s) and comply with relevant rules
under the Listing Rules as and when appropriate.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group did not have material contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2025 and 2026.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE
The Group’s exposure to currency risk is primarily related to Renminbi, United States dollars, Singapore dollars and Euro dollars.
As at 31 March 2025 and 2026, foreign exchange risk on financial assets and liabilities denominated in the above-mentioned
foreign currencies was insignificant to the Group. The Group currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging and does
not use any financial instrument for hedging purposes.

CHARGE ON GROUP ASSETS
Immediately prior to and following completion of subscription of shares of DL Holdings (Japan) Limited (“DLJP”) (the “DLJP
Subscription”), DLJP held a property located at Flat 201 on 2nd Floor and a Carpark Garage on Ground Floor, Cosmos
Minamiyukigaya（コスモ南雪谷）, 684-1-1 and 684-1-3, 4-Chome, Minamiyukigaya, Ota District, Tokyo, Japan (the “Property”).
Following completion of the DLJP Subscription on 29 November 2024, DLJP has become an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company and the Property is part of assets of the Group. To facilitate the then intended purchase of the Property by DLJP,
pursuant to a facility letter dated 22 September 2022 (as amended and supplemented by a supplemental facility letter dated
29 November 2024), the Property has been charged as one of the securities to obtain a loan facility in the principal amount of
JPY132,300,000 for a tenure of 144 months at the interest rate of 2.8% p.a. over one-month TIBOR (Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate)
or over the cost of fund, whichever is higher. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 17
July 2024 and 29 November 2024.

As at 31 March 2026, the other borrowing for purchasing the cryptocurrency mining equipment is repayable within 2 years with
interest range from 8 % to 10% per annum. The borrowing is secured by mining product, mining rewards and additional digital
currency.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2026, there were no charges on the Group’s assets as securities.


                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 March 2025 and 2026, the Group employed a total of 104 and 102 full-time employees, respectively. The Group’s
employee benefit expenses mainly include salaries, wages, other staff benefits and contributions to retirement schemes. For the
years ended 31 March 2025 and 2026, the Group’s total employee benefit expenses (including Directors’ emoluments) amounted
to approximately HK$71.2 million and HK$81.9 million, respectively. Remuneration is determined with reference to market terms
and the performance, qualification and experience of individual employee. In addition to a basic salary, year-end bonuses would
be discretionarily offered to employees in accordance with their performance. The Group has also adopted a share option scheme
and a share award scheme in which the employees of the Group are a category of eligible participants as incentive or reward for
their contribution to the Group. The Group also provides appropriate staff training and development, so as enhance the Group’s
sustainable development.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Group mainly carries out its businesses in Hong Kong. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief,
having made all reasonable enquiries, the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations in Hong Kong that have a
significant impact on the Group during the Reporting Period.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
The Group aims to protect the environment by minimising environmental adverse impacts in its daily operations, such as energy
saving and recycling of office resources. The Group will continue to seek for better environmental practices and promote the right
environmental attitudes within the organisation. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all
reasonable enquiries, the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations regarding environmental protection, health
and safety, workplace conditions and employment during the Reporting Period.

RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group recognises its employees as one of the valuable assets of the Group and the Group strictly complies with the labour
laws and regulations in Hong Kong and regularly reviews the existing staff benefits for improvement during the Reporting Period.
Apart from the reasonable remuneration packages, the Group also offers other employee benefits, such as medical insurance,
etc.

The Group provides good quality services to the customers and maintains a good relationship with them. The Group keeps a
database for direct communications with recurring customers for developing long-term business relationships.

The Group also maintains effective communication and develops a long-term trust relationship with its suppliers. During the
Reporting Period, there was no material dispute or disagreement between the Group and its suppliers.




22     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PLACING OF NEW SHARES
Placing of existing shares and top-up subscription of new shares in August 2025

On 7 August 2025 (before trading hours), the Company (as issuer) entered into a placing and subscription agreement with DA
Wolf and Mr. Chen (collectively, as sellers) and DL Securities, Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited (“Guotai Junan”)
(independent third party) and Shenwan Hongyuan Securities (H.K.) Limited (independent third party) (collectively as placing
agents), pursuant to which, (i) the sellers have agreed to sell, and the placing agents have agreed to act as the agents of the
sellers to procure, on a best effort basis, not less than six independent placees to purchase a total of 201,456,000 placing
shares at the placing price of HK$2.95 per placing share, and (ii) the sellers have conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the
Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue to the sellers, a total of 201,456,000 top-up subscription shares at the
top-up subscription price which is equivalent to the placing price of HK$2.95 per top-up subscription share under the general
mandate and such number of top-up subscription shares shall be the same as the number of placing shares actually placed by
the placing agents pursuant to the placing and subscription agreement. The aggregate value of the top-up subscription shares is
approximately HK$594,295,200 and the aggregate nominal value of the top-up subscription shares is HK$2,014,560.

On 7 August 2025 (before trading hours), the Company entered into the specific mandate subscription agreement (the “Specific
Mandate Subscription Agreement”) with DA Wolf, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue,
and DA Wolf has conditionally agreed to subscribe for 20,000,000 specific mandate subscription shares at the specific mandate
subscription price of HK$2.95 per specific mandate subscription share. As DA Wolf is a controlling shareholder of the Company
and a company wholly-owned by Mr. Chen, an executive Director, DA Wolf is a connected person of the Company. The entering
into of the Specific Mandate Subscription Agreement and the transaction contemplated thereunder (including the specific
mandate subscription and the allotment and issue of the specific mandate subscription shares pursuant to the specific mandate)
constitute a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As at the date of this annual report,
the specific mandate subscription has lapsed.

On 11 August 2025, the Company has successfully placed a total of 201,456,000 placing Shares under the general mandate
granted to the Directors by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 13 September 2024. The
net issue price per placing Share (after deduction the placing commission, professional fees and all related expenses) was
approximately HK$2.89 per placing Share. The net proceeds (after deducting the placing commission, professional fees and all
other related expenses) from the placing were approximately HK$581.79 million.

The placing and top-up subscription is for supporting the Group’s initiatives in developing the digital finance business and
deploying resources in developing blockchain, stablecoins, and real-world assets.

For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 7 August 2025, 12 August 2025 and 14 August 2025.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Placing of existing shares and top-up subscription of new shares and subscription of new shares in October
2025
On 21 October 2025, the Company (as issuer), DA Wolf and Mr. Chen (collectively, as sellers) and Guotai Junan and DL Securities
(collectively, as placing agents) entered into the placing and subscription agreement, pursuant to which (i) the sellers have agreed
to sell, and the placing agents have agreed to act as the agents of the sellers to procure, on a best effort basis, not less than six
independent placees to purchase a total of 255,213,000 placing shares at the placing price of HK$3.05 per placing share, and (ii)
the sellers have conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue to the sellers,
a total of 255,213,000 top-up subscription shares at the top-up subscription price which is equivalent to the placing price of
HK$3.05 per top-up subscription share under the general mandate and such number of top-up subscription shares shall be the
same as the number of placing shares actually placed by the placing agents pursuant to the placing and subscription agreement.
The aggregate value of the top-up subscription shares is approximately HK$778,399,650 and the aggregate nominal value of the
top-up subscription shares is HK$2,552,130.

In addition, on 21 October 2025, the Company (as issuer) entered into the subscription agreement with Evergreen (as subscriber),
pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Evergreen has conditionally agreed to subscribe
for 63,803,000 subscription shares at the subscription price of HK$3.05 per subscription share. The subscription shares have an
aggregate nominal value of HK$638,030 and market value of approximately HK$219.48 million based on the closing price of
HK$3.44 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 20 October 2025 (being the last trading day).

The placing, top-up subscription and the subscription is for the Company to secure necessary funding to support its expansion in
digital finance, virtual asset, and RWA tokenisation businesses, as well as bitcoin mining and related infrastructure development
and enable the Group to capture growth opportunities arising from the rapidly evolving digital asset and wealth management
industries, enhance its capabilities in asset structuring and distribution, and reinforce its recurring income sources.

On 23 October 2025, the Company completed the placing of existing shares totalling 255,213,000 shares at HK$3.05 per share
for a total consideration of approximately HK$778,400,000. On 3 November 2025, the Company allotted and issued 255,213,000
top-up subscription shares to the sellers at HK$3.05 per top-up subscription share. The net issue price per placing share,
after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses, is approximately HK$2.98 per share. The net proceeds from the top-up
subscription, after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expense (including but not limited to legal expenses and disbursements)
incidental to the placing and the top-up subscription, amounted to approximately HK$761,320,000.

On 10 November 2025, the completion of the subscription took place. The Company allotted and issued 63,803,000 subscription
shares at HK$3.05 per subscription shares to Evergreen. The net subscription price (after deduction of all professional fees and
related expenses) is approximately HK$3.04 per subscription share. The aggregate net proceeds from the subscription, after
deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal expenses and disbursements) incidental to the
subscription, amounted to approximately HK$194.24 million.

For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 21 October 2025, 31 October 2025, 3 November
2025 and 10 November 2025.




24     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


CHANGE IN USE OF PROCEEDS

On 16 March 2026, the Company has resolved to change the use of the unutilised net proceeds from the two top-up placings of
existing shares and subscription of new shares under general mandate (as mentioned above) (the “Placings”) in the manner set
out below, including, among others, the intended allocation of approximately HK$145.5 million for investment in electricity sites,
AI data center, inference graphics processing unit (GPU), and related projects and approximately HK$117.0 million for the share
repurchase plan. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 16 March 2026.

As at 16 March 2026, approximately HK$1,166.4 million of the net proceeds of the Placings (the “Net Proceeds”) has been
utilised for the intended uses and approximately HK$371.0 million remains unutilised (the “Unutilised Net Proceeds”). Details
of (i) the original intended use of Net Proceeds, (ii) the utilised Net Proceeds as at 16 March 2026, (iii) the Unutilised Net Proceeds
as at 16 March 2026, (iv) the revised allocation of the Unutilised Net Proceeds, and (v) the expected timeline for full utilisation of
the Unutilised Net Proceeds are set out below:

                                                                                                                              Revised      Revised      Revised
                                                                                                                           allocation   allocation   allocation
                                                                                                                               of the       of the       of the
                                                                                                Utilised  Unutilised      Unutilised       Utilised  Unutilised
                                                                                           Net Proceeds Net Proceeds    Net Proceeds Net Proceeds Net Proceeds    Expected timeline
                                                                               Intended            as at        as at           as at         as at       as at   for full utilisation
              Intended use of Net Proceeds                                        use of       16 March     16 March        16 March     31 March     31 March    of the Unutilised
              as disclosed                                                 Net Proceeds            2026         2026            2026          2026        2026    Net Proceeds
                                                                            HK$ million     HK$ million  HK$ million     HK$ million  HK$ million   HK$ million


(i)    Strategic development of digital finance business of the Group
       a)     Strategic acquisition and expansion in RWA tokenisation              403.9          327.3          76.6             –             –             –   –
              initiatives/Development and tokenisation of RWA
              products
       b)     Proposed Bitcoin mining business/Expansion of Bitcoin                622.4          476.9         145.5             –             –             –   –
              mining and digital reserve operations
       c)     Setting up licensed VA OTC trading and retail network in              40.7             –           40.7             –             –             –   –
              Hong Kong
       d)     Developing digital asset, cryptocurrency, and stablecoin              46.5            6.3          40.2          10.0             –          10.0   31 December 2026
              businesses by hiring blockchain experts or forming
              strategic JVs with leading global players
       e)     Investment in the ONE Carmel premier residential                      58.2           58.2            –              –             –             –   –
              project
       f)     Investment in electricity sites, AI data center, inference              –              –             –          145.5             –         145.5   31 March 2027
              GPU, and related projects
(ii) Development of ETFs and quantitative investment products                       58.2           57.8           0.4             –             –             –   –
(iii) IT facilities and system upgrades                                             58.2            1.2          57.0           7.0             –           7.0   31 December 2026
(iv) Strategic and diversified investments                                          95.6           85.0          10.6          10.6          10.6             –   31 December 2026
(v) Share Repurchase Plan (as defined below)                                           –              –             –         117.0          25.0          92.0   31 March 2027
(vi) Development and operation of the securities, margin                               –              –             –          30.0          21.6           8.4   31 December 2026
       financing and money lending businesses
(vii) Setting up SFC Type 2 and Type 5 licences in Hong Kong                           –              –            –            5.0             –           5.0   31 March 2027
(viii) General working capital of the Group                                        153.7          153.7            –           45.9          11.3          34.6   31 March 2027
                                                                                 1,537.4        1,166.4         371.0         371.0          68.5         302.5




                                                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                     25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


DIGITAL FINANCE BUSINESS
Business model and overview
The Group is in a preliminary stage in developing the digital finance business and is actively deploying resources in blockchain,
stablecoins, and real-world assets (“RWA”) the financial infrastructure of the Web3.0 era. As a fintech enterprise rooted in the
Asia-Pacific and oriented toward global capital markets, the Company is promoting the construction of next-generation financial
infrastructure through compliant, secure, and forward-looking strategies, aiming to lead the digital capital markets and RWA
tokenisation, and to build a unique DL-branded digital finance ecosystem. The main development routes planned are as follows:

Phase 1: Establish a Licensed Virtual Asset Over-The-Counter Trading (“VA OTC”) and Prime Brokerage Business

The Group will leverage Hong Kong’s increasingly clear virtual asset regulatory framework to actively develop legal and compliant
virtual asset trading services for institutional and ultra-high-net-worth (UHNW) clients. It aims to build stable and high-volume
trading and settlement infrastructure, which will become a core revenue engine for the Group’s future digital finance business.

Phase 2: Build an RWA Tokenisation and Asset Management Platform

The Group plans to utilise its existing client base and technology platforms, especially its ultra-high-net-worth communities and
professional investor network, to bring RWAs and other physical assets onto the blockchain, thereby enhancing liquidity and
optimising asset management efficiency.

Phase 3: Construct a Compliant Cross-Border Digital Asset Fund Ecosystem

The Group is designing an “International-Hong Kong” hybrid model, combining the regulatory advantages of open markets
with demand from global investors, and supported by top-tier quantitative trading teams and fund-of-funds (FoF) resources, to
gradually expand its assets under management (AUM) and lead the development of the globalised digital capital market.

Investment policy and objectives
(a)   The Group will target investments that are directed toward high-growth areas such as virtual assets and blockchain related
      projects.

(b)   The Group will aim at portfolio diversification across cryptocurrencies and blockchain projects.

(c)   The Group will plan to achieve sustainable growth by aligning with global regulatory standards.

(d)   The Group will enhance interoperability with traditional financial systems.

(e)   The Group will facilitate partnerships with regulated financial institutions.




26     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Risk management and control measures
(a)   The Group will perform regular third-party security audits on the transactions related to digital finance business.

(b)   The Group will set up a compliance team to monitor the transactions related to digital finance business.

(c)   The Group will reserve funds to ensure solvency for the digital finance business.

(d)   The Group will closely monitor policy and regulatory developments from the Securities and Futures Commission and the
      Hong Kong Monetary Authority, including but not limited to security token offerings (STOs) and RWA issuance.

Approval and Oversight Mechanism
(a)   The Group will form a Digital Finance Business Oversight Committee (comprising senior management, legal, and
      compliance heads) to oversee and review all major initiatives.

(b)   Board-level approval will be required for the significant transactions for digital finance business.

(c)   The Group will perform know your client and anti-money laundering (KYC/AML) procedures for the transactions for digital
      finance business.

Management expertise
The Company acknowledges its limited direct operational experience in digital finance business, nonetheless it possesses a strong
foundation in traditional financial services which strategically positions it to participate in this emerging field.

To address its experience gap and ensure robust execution, the Company intends to form strategic collaborations or partnerships
with leading industry players whom with relevant expertise and experience to engage in and facilitate the development of the
digital finance business. The collaborations or partnerships will give the Company access to deep technical, compliance, and
strategic insight to effectively design and implement the digital finance business.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Since 31 March 2026 and up to the date of this annual report, save as disclosed in this annual report, there is no significant event
affecting the Group that have occurred.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      27
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chen Ningdi（陳寧迪）, aged 47, has been appointed as an executive Director, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board with effect from 28 February 2020, 27 March 2020 and 10 January 2022 respectively. He is also the director of certain
subsidiaries of the Company. He has over 20 years of experience in global financial industry. He founded DL Securities (HK)
Limited (“DL Securities”) and, together with Ms. Jiang Xinrong, DL Family Office (HK) Limited (“DL Family Office”) in the years
of 2011 and 2012. He subsequently became the responsible officer of DL Securities for its Type 4 (advising on securities) and
Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) regulated activities under the SFO from 2012 to 2015, and during the period from 2013
to 2015, he was also the responsible officer of DL Securities for its Type 1 (dealing in securities) regulated activities under the
SFO. During the above period, he has been substantially involved in numerous projects in global capital market. Mr. Chen Ningdi
was an executive director and founding member of Great China Strategic Capital and Primus Pacific Partners, both of which are
private equity firms. Mr. Chen Ningdi previously worked for HSBC Global Investment Banking in Hong Kong, Equity-Linked Capital
Markets of HSBC Group in London, HSBC Debt Markets Client Group in Hong Kong. Mr. Chen Ningdi obtained his Bachelor of Arts
(Hons) in both Economics and Statistics from the University of Chicago in the year of 2001. Mr. Chen Ningdi is the spouse of Ms.
Jiang Xinrong, a former non-executive Director (resigned with effect from 28 April 2023) and honorary chairman of the Board.
Mr. Chen Ningdi is a director of DA Wolf and Rapid Raise Investments Limited, companies having interest in the Shares and
underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Chen Ningdi’s interest in the shares of the Company (the
“Shares”) as at 31 March 2026 which fall to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.

Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay（郎世杰）(“Mr. Lang”), aged 39, has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from 10
January 2022. Mr. Lang joined DL Securities in April 2017 and he has become the chief executive officer in February 2020 and
the director of DL Securities in August 2020. DL Securities was acquired by the Group in November 2019 and became a subsidiary
of the Group. He engages in various debt and equity investments in private and public companies. Prior to joining the Group,
he was a non-executive director of Greater China Financial Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 431), the shares of which were delisted
from on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with effect from 9 July 2026 (“Greater China”), from January 2015 to April 2016.
He was the founder, director and chief executive officer of Shanghai Yousheng Investment Consulting Co., Limited*（上海佑勝投
資諮詢有限公司）and was in charge of its overall business operations and development before it was acquired by Greater China
in 2014. He was also the founder, director and chief executive officer of Orient Credit Holdings Limited before it was acquired by
Greater China in 2014. He was previously a director of Key Victory Holdings Limited and Oriental Credit Company Limited and
the general manager of Shanghai Xinsheng Pawnshop Co., Limited*（上海新盛典當有限公司）. He is the co-founder and chief
executive officer of Shanghai Han Hao Investment Holdings Ltd since 2009 and co-founded the China-based secondary market
hedge fund, the ‘Lang Fund’. Mr. Lang is also a member of the board of C Capital Holdings AG (stock symbol: CCAP), the issued
shares of which are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange since December 2025. Mr. Lang graduated from the University of Michigan in
2009.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Lang’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2026 which
fall to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.




* For identification purposes only
28      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Ai Kuiyu（艾奎宇）(“Mr. Ai”), aged 43, has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from 10 January 2022. Mr. Ai
is the chief marketing officer of the Company since February 2020 and has extensive experience in international communication
journalism and marketing. Mr. Ai is also the director of DL Asset Management Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. Prior to
joining the Group, Mr. Ai was an executive director from March 2017 to February 2020 and the chairman of the board of directors
from June 2019 to February 2020 of Sino Vision Worldwide Holdings Limited（新維國際控股有限公司）, a company formerly
listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 8086). From 2005 to 2016, he had worked as an anchor, moderator, producer
and news reporter at China Central Television（中國中央電視台）in the PRC. He obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in Spanish from
the Communication University of China in 2005 and a Master of Arts Degree in journalism from the Renmin University of China
in 2014. He completed the Risk Management sessions from the Executive Education Programme of Business School of Imperial
College in November 2021.

From February 2021 to June 2026, Mr. Ai was a member of the 8th Council of the Western Returned Scholars Association Mr. Ai is
also (a) a standing director of the Federation of Hong Kong Jiangsu Youth; (b) a guest researcher of the China Institute of Fudan
University since May 2016; and (c) a guest lecturer of the Wuhan Institute of Design and Sciences since November 2019.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Ai’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2026 which fall
to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.

Ms. He Zhiying（賀之穎）(“Ms. He”), aged 42, has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from 28 April 2023. Ms.
He is also the director of DL Emerald Wealth Management Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. Ms. He served at DL Global
Holdings Limited (“DL Global Holdings”) from November 2014 to January 2018 with her last position being a director and
she joined DL Family China (HK) Limited (“DL Family Office”) in February 2018. She is currently the chief executive officer of
DL Family Office, which provides a total financial solution for high net worth individuals and their families as a multi-family
office. Prior to joining DL Global Holdings, Ms. He had served in Standard Chartered Bank China for over four years, and her
responsibilities included marketing, business planning and private wealth segment development. Ms. He obtained her Bachelor’s
Degree in Economics (International Economics and Trade) from the Shanghai International Studies University in July 2006.
She has also completed a training course in wealth management organised under the aegis of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs,
Luxembourg and Consulate General of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in Shanghai in August 2013.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Ms. He’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2026 which fall
to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Qiao Linjian（喬林建）, aged 50, was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 19 January 2026. He has
extensive experience in security investment management. From October 2021 to February 2023, he served as the executive
head and investment director of the asset management equity investment department at Beijing Asset Management Branch of
Founder Securities Co., Ltd, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601901). From March 2023 to February
2025, he served as the general manager of the equity investment department at China Post Insurance Asset Management
Company Limited. He is currently the deputy general manager (acting in charge) of the asset management center at Hongkang
Life Insurance Company Limited. He is also proposed to be appointed as a non-executive director of Jiangsu Suzhou Rural
Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (“JSRCB”), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603323), which his proposed
appointment has been approved at the extraordinary general meeting of JSRCB convened on 20 November 2025 but subject to
the approval from the relevant regulatory authority on his appointment. Mr. Qiao obtained a Master’s degree in Economics from
Beijing Technology and Business University in July 2002.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      29
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Wang Yiding（王軼丁）(“Mr. Wang”), aged 43, was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 21 November
2023. Mr. Wang has over 17 years of experience in the finance industry across public and private markets. He was representative
at Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. from April 2010 to March 2012. He served at CSOP Asset Management Limited, a company licensed
by the Securities and Futures Commission for Type 1 (dealing with securities), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 9 (asset
management) regulated activities under the SFO, from April 2012 to August 2016, with his last position being a deputy chief
marketing officer. He served as a managing director at CMB International Asset Management Limited from June 2017 to January
2022. He is currently a partner at Tiger Jade Capital, a private equity fund focused on global healthcare industry and the senior
corporate strategy advisor at Suzhou Tiantongweishi Electronic Technology Co., Ltd., a China-based startup that specializes
in developing vision systems for autonomous vehicles. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Tsinghua
University in July 2006.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson（張世澤）(“Mr. Chang”), aged 46, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with
effect from 25 May 2018. Mr. Chang received his Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of British Columbia in May
2002. Mr. Chang worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd. during the period from September 2002 to September 2013 and his last
position there was senior manager. During the period from October 2013 to July 2015, Mr. Chang was the chief financial officer
of a property development company. Mr. Chang is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
also a registered member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Chang is an independent non-executive
director of Transmit Entertainment Limited (Stock Code: 1326), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange, Viewtrix Technology Co., Ltd. (Stock Code: 3310), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange, and Ganglong China Property Group Limited, the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange since December 2017, June 2025 and October 2025, respectively. Mr. Chang was an independent non-executive
director of Datang Group Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 2117), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange, from December 2022 to September 2024 and Yik Wo International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 8659), the
issued shares of which are listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange, from June 2022 to February 2026.

Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien（陳政璉） (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley), aged 47, has been appointed as an
independent non-executive Director with effect from 27 March 2020. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien has over 10 years’ experience in
finance and investment field as well as technology industry. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien is currently the chief executive officer of
Cornucopia Innovation Corporation, a subsidiary of Solomon Technology Corporation (“Solomon”, together with its subsidiaries
“Solomon Group”), a company listed on Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code: 2359TW). Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien joined Solomon
Group in September 2005 and he was a member of the board of directors of Solomon from July 2008 to January 2013. Mr. Chen
Cheng-Lien was also a member of the board of directors of Solomon Goldentek Display Corporation from June 2014 to March
2018. Since December 2009, Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien has been a member of the board of directors of Data International Co. Ltd.,
a company listed on the Taipei Exchange (stock code: 5432TW). He served as an independent non-executive director of China
Shun Ke Long Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 974), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from October 2018
to July 2020. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien was also a member of the board of directors of United Test and Assembly Center Ltd. from
June 2007 to October 2007. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien was an analyst of JP Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited from July 2004 to
September 2005 and a research analyst of Prudence International Advisory Limited from July 2003 to May 2004.

Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien obtained a Bachelor of Science in Liberal Arts and Sciences from the University of Illinois at Urbana
Champaign, the United States in December 2001, a master’s degree in financial engineering from the University of California,
Berkeley in May 2003 and Master of Business Administration in May 2008 from Cornell University, the United States. Mr. Chen
Cheng-Lien obtained an EMBA degree at China Europe International School in Shanghai, the PRC in August 2019.




30     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Liu Chun（劉春）(“Mr. Liu”), aged 58, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 22
April 2020. He has over 20 years of experience in the media industry. He is currently the senior vice president of Phoenix New
Media Limited, a company listed by way of American depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: FENG) since
2018. He is also an independent director of Vipshop Holdings Limited, a company listed by way of American depositary shares
on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: VIPS) since 2013. He was a director and the chief cultural officer of Zhongnanhong
Cultural Group Co., Ltd*（中南紅文化集團股份有限公司）, a company listed on the SME board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
(stock code: 002445) and the president of its subsidiary, Jiangsu Zhongnan Film Co., Ltd.*（江蘇中南影業有限公司）from 2015
to 2018. He was a vice president of Sohu.com Limited, a company listed by way of American depositary shares on the NASDAQ
Stock Market (symbol: SOHU) from 2011 to 2013. During his tenure at Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Ltd between 2000
and 2011, Mr. Liu last served as the executive director of Phoenix Chinese TV. He was an executive producer of China Central
Television from 1994 to 2000. Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree from the Anhui Normal University major in Chinese in 1983
and a master’s degree from the Communication University of China in 1991. He obtained an EMBA degree at Cheung Kong
Graduate School of Business in 2009.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Liu’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2026 which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The members of senior management are the executive Directors whose biography are set out above.



* For identification purposes only




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026     31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on principles and code provisions as set out in the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules. The Board and the management of the Company
are committed to maintaining and achieving a high standard of corporate governance practices with an emphasis on a quality
Board, an effective accountability system and a healthy corporate culture in order to safeguard the interests of the Shareholders
and enhance the business growth of the Group.

Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual. During the year ended 31 March 2026, Mr. Chen Ningdi performed his duties as both the
chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of the Company. However, the Board is of the view that this structure will not
impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of the Company. The balance of power
and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board, which comprises experienced and high-calibre individuals and meets
regularly to discuss issues affecting the operations of the Company. The Board believes that this structure is conductive to strong
and consistent leadership, enabling the Group to make and implement decisions efficiently, and thus is in the best interest of the
Group. The Board has full confidence in Mr. Chen Ningdi and believes that his appointment to the posts of chairman of the Board
and chief executive officer of the Company is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group. The Board will continue to review
and monitor the practices of the Company for the purpose of complying with the CG Code and maintaining a high standard of
corporate governance practices of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, the Company was in compliance with all code provisions set out in the CG Code for the year ended 31
March 2026.

MODEL CODE FOR DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors on terms no less exacting than the
required standard of dealings as set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors by the Company, all Directors
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard of dealings and the Company’s code of conduct concerning
securities transactions by the Directors for the year ended 31 March 2026.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
For the year ended 31 March 2026 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board consisted of:

Executive Directors                                  Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                     Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay
                                                     Mr. Ai Kuiyu
                                                     Ms. He Zhiying

Non-executive Directors                              Mr. Chan Kwan (resigned on 29 September 2025)
                                                     Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek (resigned on 31 July 2025)
                                                     Mr. Qiao Linjian (appointed on 19 January 2026 and resigned on
                                                       1 July 2026)
                                                     Mr. Wang Yiding
                                                     Mr. Zhao Meng (appointed on 1 July 2026)

Independent non-executive Directors                  Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
                                                     Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
                                                     Mr. Liu Chun (resigned on 28 July 2026)
                                                     Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (resigned on 23 July 2025)
                                                     Mr. Lin Ge (appointed on 28 July 2026)


32     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


References are made to the announcements of the Company dated 23 July 2025 and 28 July 2025 in relation to resignation of
Directors. Following the resignation of Mr. Li Xiaoxiao as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 23 July 2025,
the Board comprised ten members with four executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and three independent non-
executive Directors as at the material times. As a result, the number of independent non-executive directors fail to meet the
requirements under Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules which requires the independent non-executive directors must represent at
least one-third of the board. With effect from 31 July 2025, Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek resigned as a non-executive Director.
Following the resignation of Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek, the Board comprised nine members with four executive Directors, two
non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors as at the material times. As a result, the Company re-
complied with the requirements under Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules thereafter.

An updated list of the Directors and their roles and functions is published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and of the
Company.

Mr. Qiao Linjian, being appointed as a non-executive Director on 19 January 2026, had obtained the legal advice as referred to in
Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 19 December 2025, and Mr. Qiao Linjian has confirmed that he understood his obligations as a
director of a listed issuer.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors his annual written confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and accordingly the Company considers each of them to be
independent under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

The Directors confirmed that there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationship) among the Directors. All of them are free to exercise their independent judgements.

For the year ended 31 March 2026, a total of 15 Board meetings and three general meetings were held. The attendance records
of each Director in relation to the Board meetings and general meeting are set out in the table below:

                                                                                          Board meeting        General meeting
                                                                                       attended/eligible      attended/eligible
Name of Directors                                                                              to attend             to attend

Mr. Chen Ningdi                                                                                     15/15                    0/3
Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay                                                                            14/15                    3/3
Mr. Ai Kuiyu                                                                                        15/15                    2/3
Ms. He Zhiying                                                                                      15/15                    3/3
Mr. Chan Kwan (resigned on 29 September 2025)                                                         5/9                    2/2
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek (resigned on 31 July 2025)                                                    1/5                    0/1
Mr. Qiao Linjian (appointed on 19 January 2026 and resigned on 1 July 2026)                           1/1                    0/0
Mr. Wang Yiding                                                                                      8/15                    2/3
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                                                              14/15                    3/3
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                 9/15                    0/3
Mr. Liu Chun (resigned on 28 July 2026)                                                              8/15                    1/3
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (resigned on 23 July 2025)                                                            5/5                    1/1

The Chairman also held a meeting during the year ended 31 March 2026 with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors.




                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      33
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD
The Board is responsible for maintaining leadership and control of the Group and is collectively responsible for promoting
the success of the Group by directing and supervising the Group’s affairs. The Board focuses on formulating the Group’s
overall strategies; authorising the development plan and budget; monitoring financial and operating performance; reviewing
the effectiveness of the internal control system; and setting the Group’s values and standards. The day-to-day management,
administration and operation of the Group which include implementation of objectives, strategies and plans adopted by the
Board, are delegated to the senior management and overseen by the Chief Executive Officer. The delegated functions are
reviewed by the Board periodically to ensure that they accommodate the needs of the Group.

For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company had a minimum of three independent non-executive Directors and at all
times met the requirements of the Listing Rules that the number of independent non-executive Directors must represent at
least one-third of the Board members and at least one of the independent non-executive Directors has appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal actions taken
against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
No corporate governance committee has been established and the Board is responsible for determining the policy of corporate
governance of the Group in accordance with the CG Code. The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance
function such as (i) developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and
monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management of the Company;
(iii) reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv)
developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to employees and the Directors, etc; and (v) reviewing
the Company’s compliance with the CG code and disclosure in this corporate governance report. The Company has formulated
internal policies and mechanisms to ensure that the Board has access to independent views and inputs. The Company shall
review and assess the relevant policies and mechanisms and its effectiveness on an annual basis or as required.

For the year ended 31 March 2026, regular Board meetings of the Company were held at least four times to review, consider
and approve, among others, annual and interim results and to review the business operations, corporate governance and the
effectiveness of internal control systems and risk management of the Group. The Board holds meetings from time to time
whenever necessary. At least 14 days’ notice of regular Board meetings is given to all Directors and they can include matters for
discussion in the agenda as they think fit. The agenda accompanying Board papers are sent to all Directors at least three days
before the date of every Board meeting in order to allow sufficient time for the Directors to review the documents.

Draft minutes of every Board meeting are circulated to all Directors for their perusal and comments prior to confirmation of the
minutes. The company secretary of the Company is responsible for keeping the minutes of all meetings of the Board and the
Company’s committees.

Every Board member has full access to the advice and services of the company secretary of the Company with a view to ensuring
that all required procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations are followed and they are also entitled to have full access
to Board papers and related materials so that they are able to make an informed decision and to discharge their duties and
responsibilities.




34     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual. During the year ended 31 March 2026, Mr. Chen Ningdi performed his duties as both the
chairman and chief executive officer of the Company. However, the Board is of the view that this structure will not impair the
balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of the Company. The balance of power and authority is
ensured by the operations of the Board, which comprises experienced and high-calibre individuals and meets regularly to discuss
issues affecting the operations of the Company. The Board believes that this structure is conductive to strong and consistent
leadership, enabling the Group to make and implement decisions efficiently, and thus is in the best interest of the Group. The
Board has full confidence in Mr. Chen Ningdi and believes that his appointment to the posts of chairman and chief executive
officer of the Company is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”) provide that subject to the manner of retirement by rotation of
Directors as from time to time prescribed by the Listing Rules, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the
time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from
office by rotation and that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

Non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a specific term subject to retirement by
rotation and re-election in accordance with the Articles. The term of appointment of the non-executive Directors and the
independent non-executive Directors are set out in the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ Service Contracts/
Appointment Letters” in this annual report. Each independent non-executive Director is required to inform the Company as
soon as practicable if there is any change that may affect his independence and must provide an annual confirmation of his
independence to the Company.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
To assist Directors’ continuing professional development, the Company recommends Directors to attend relevant seminars to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. As of 31 March 2026, all Directors, namely Mr. Chen Ningdi, Mr. Lang Joseph Shie
Jay, Mr. Ai Kuiyu, Ms. He Zhiying, Mr. Qiao Linjian, Mr. Wang Yiding, Mr. Chang Eric Jackson, Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known
as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley) and Mr. Liu Chun had participated in continuous professional development programmes
such as external seminars organised by qualified professional and/or reading materials relevant to the Group’s business or to
director’s duties and responsibilities, to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure their contribution to the Board
remains informed and relevant.

All Directors also understand the importance of continuous professional development and are committed to participating in any
suitable training to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015. The terms of reference of
the Audit Committee are available at the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
reappointment and removal of external auditor, review the financial statements and significant financial reporting judgement
and oversee financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

As at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee consisted of members, namely Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (chairman of
the Audit Committee), Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley) and Mr. Liu Chun, all being
independent non-executive Directors. No member of the Audit Committee is a member of the former or existing independent
auditor of the Company. The Audit Committee has reviewed this annual report, including the audited consolidated results of the
Group for the year ended 31 March 2026.


                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       35
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


According to the current terms of reference, the Audit Committee shall meet at least two times for a financial year. Three
meetings were held by the Audit Committee for the year ended 31 March 2026 and during the meetings, the Audit Committee
reviewed the unaudited interim results as well as the audited annual results of the Group, discussed the audit findings with the
external auditor of the Company, raised questions on the unaudited interim results and the audited annual results of the Group
and reviewed and recommended the appointment of auditor of the Company. The record of attendance of each member of the
Audit Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                            Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Audit Committee                                                                       eligible to attend

Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)                                                                                           3/3
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                        2/3
Mr. Liu Chun (resigned on 28 July 2026)                                                                                     2/3

The Group’s internal control system is reviewed regularly and at least annually by management. With the view of enhancing
the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, during the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company had appointed
an independent consultant as the Group’s internal audit function to review the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems and recommend actions to improve the Group’s internal controls.

Having considered the results of the review conducted by the independent consultant, the Audit Committee is of the view
that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and internal audit functions were effective and adequate and
in compliance with the requirements of code provision D.2.1 of the CG Code for the year ended 31 March 2026 in all material
respects.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015.
The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee (revised on 1 January 2023) are available at the websites of the Stock
Exchange and the Company. The model under code provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the CG Code has been adopted.

For the year ended 31 March 2026, it consisted of members, namely Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (chairman of the Remuneration
Committee), Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley) and Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (resigned on 23 July
2025), all being independent non-executive Directors; and Mr. Chen Ningdi being an executive Director.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration
policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; review management’s remuneration
proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; assess performance of executive Directors and approve
the terms of their service contracts; review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules; and ensure none of the Directors determine their own remuneration.




36     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Two meetings were held by the Remuneration Committee for the year ended 31 March 2026. In the meetings, the Remuneration
Committee has performed its duties to determine and make recommendations to the Board on the terms of service contracts
of newly appointed Director during the year ended 31 March 2026, as well as performance review and remuneration package
of Directors and senior management, and to consider the grants of share options and share awards to eligible participants.
During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Remuneration Committee made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration
packages of Directors and senior management. The remuneration of individual Director and senior management is determined
with reference to his/her experience, duties and responsibilities undertaken with the Company as well as the prevailing market
conditions. The record of attendance of each member of the Remuneration Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                           Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Remuneration Committee                                                               eligible to attend

Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)                                                                                         2/2
Mr. Chen Ningdi                                                                                                           2/2
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                      2/2
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (resigned on 23 July 2025)                                                                                1/1

Details of emoluments of the Directors of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2026 are set out in note 9 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015. The terms
of reference of the Nomination Committee are available at the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

For the year ended 31 March 2026, it consisted of members, namely Mr. Chen Ningdi (chairman of the Nomination Committee)
and Ms. He Zhiying (appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee on 1 July 2025), being an executive Directors; Mr.
Chang Eric Jackson, Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley), Mr. Liu Chun (appointed as a
member of the Nomination Committee on 23 July 2025 and resigned on 28 July 2026) and Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (resigned on 23 July
2025), being the independent non-executive Directors.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board at least annually;
identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members; assess the independence of independent non-executive
Directors; and make recommendations to the Board on matters relating to the appointment and/or re-appointment of Directors.

Two meetings were held by the Nomination Committee for the year ended 31 March 2026. In the meetings, the Nomination
Committee has performed its duties to review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board, make
recommendations to the Board on the appointment and re-appointment of Directors and assess the independence of the
independent non-executive Directors. The record of attendance of each member of the Nomination Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                           Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Nomination Committee                                                                 eligible to attend

Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman)                                                                                                2/2
Ms. He Zhiying (appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee on 1 July 2025)                                         1/1
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                                                                                    2/2
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                      1/2
Mr. Liu Chun (appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee on 23 July 2025 and resigned
  on 28 July 2026)                                                                                                        1/1
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (resigned on 23 July 2025)                                                                                1/1




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026    37
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Nomination policy
The Company adopted a nomination policy in compliance with the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2019, which establishes
written guidelines for the Nomination Committee to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and make
recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships with reference to the formulated
criteria. The Board is ultimately responsible for selection and appointment of new Directors.

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the Nomination Committee, has used its best efforts to ensure that Directors
appointed to the Board possess the relevant background, experience and knowledge in business, finance and management skills
critical to the Group’s business to enable the Board to make sound and well considered decisions. Collectively, members of the
Board have competencies in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.

Nomination Process
The Nomination Committee shall assess whether any vacancy on the Board has been created or is expected on a regular basis or
as required.

The Nomination Committee utilises various methods for identifying director candidates, including recommendations from Board
members, management, and professional search firms. All director candidates, including incumbents and candidates nominated
by the Shareholders, are evaluated by the Nomination Committee based upon the director’s background, qualifications, skills and
experience through review of resume, personal interview and performance of background checks. The Nomination Committee
retains the discretion to establish the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary based on the composition, skill sets, age,
gender and experiences of the collective Board rather than on the individual candidate for the purpose of diversity perspectives
appropriate to the requirement of the Group’s business.

Selection Criteria
The Nomination Committee will take into account whether a candidate has the qualifications, skills, experience and gender
diversity that add to and complement the range of background, skills and experience of existing Directors taking also into
account the personal integrity and professional ethics, proven achievement and competence in their field of expertise and the
ability to exercise sound business judgement of the director candidates. Candidates will be considered if they possess skills
that are complementary to those of the existing Board, the ability to assist and support management and make significant
contributions to the Company’s success and such other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem are in the best interests
of the Company and its Shareholders.

The Company shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.




38     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Board Diversity Policy
The Board has adopted a policy of diversity of the Board (the “Diversity Policy”). Accordingly, selection of Board members
should be based on a range of aspects, including without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background,
professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Nomination Committee will adhere to the Diversity Policy
to ensure that there is at least one female Director in the Board and is committed to further enhancing gender diversity as and
when suitable candidates are identified, such that a robust pipeline of female successors to the Board can be established in the
near future.

The Nomination Committee considers the existing size and composition of the Board satisfies the requirements set out in the
Diversity Policy and are adequately diverse for effective decision-making, taking into account the nature and scope of the
Group’s operations. The composition of the Board is reviewed on an annual basis by the Nomination Committee. Throughout the
year ended 31 March 2026, the Board comprised of both male and female Directors with various educational background and
professional experience.

The Board under the assistance of the Nomination Committee shall review and reassess the Diversity Policy on an annual basis to
ensure its implementation and continued effectiveness.

Diversity in Workforce
The Company recognises the importance of diversity in workforce throughout the Group as a matter of corporate governance. The
Group is committed to ensuring that recruitment at all levels, including the Board, adheres to range of selection criteria in order
to consider a pool of talented individuals.

The Group will continue to take gender diversity into consideration during recruitment. The Group will continue to take
opportunities to increase the proportion of female workforce over time as and when suitable candidates are identified. As at 31
March 2026, the Group had 100 full-time employees and two part-time employees (including senior management) with an overall
gender ratio between male and female at approximately 42.2% and 57.8%, respectively. The Nomination Committee considers
that the existing workforce composition has achieved gender diversity, and endeavours to discuss and agree on measurable
objectives and plans for achieving diversity, periodically and when necessary.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group that give a
true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants and in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of
the Group that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Directors are not aware of any material
uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern. The responsibility of the external auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on their audit, on the Group’s
consolidated financial statements prepared by the Directors and to report its opinion to the Shareholders. A statement by the
auditor about their reporting responsibility is set out in the independent auditor’s report in this annual report.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       39
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Risk Management and Internal Control
The Group emphasises the importance of a sound internal control system which is also indispensable for mitigating the Group’s
key risk exposures. The Group’s system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against
material misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in operational systems and fulfillment of the
business objectives. The risk management and internal control systems are reviewed on an ongoing basis by the Board in order
to make it practical and effective in providing reasonable assurance in relation to protection of material assets and Shareholders’
interests.

The Group has adopted a three-tier risk management approach to identify, assess and manage different types of risks. As the
first line of defence, business units are responsible for identifying, assessing and monitoring risk associated with each business
transaction based on rules, models and systems developed by the management. The management, as the second line of defence,
establishes rules and models based on the acceptable risk tolerance level as determined by the Board, develops new system
for monitoring and controlling identified risks and provides technical support to business units and oversees their portfolio
management. It ensures that risks are within acceptable range as determined by the Board and that the first line of defence is
effective. As the final line of defense, the independent consultant, as an internal audit function, assists the Audit Committee to
review the first and second lines of defence.

The Group is committed to the identification, evaluation and management of risks associated with its business activities through
ongoing assessment by keeping a risk register to consider the likelihood and impact of each identified risk. The Group has
also established procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, whereby business
units shall report to the Chief Executive Officer or Company Secretary of any potential inside information. The Chief Executive
Officer or Company Secretary shall follow the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures
Commission (the “SFC”) in considering whether any disclosure is required and shall seek legal advice where necessary. The Group
has implemented an effective control system which includes a defined management structure with limits of authority, a sound
management system and periodic review of the Group’s performance by the Audit Committee and the Board.

For the year ended 31 March 2026, both the management of the Company and the independent consultant have reviewed the
risk management and internal control systems of the Group and have provided written reports to the Audit Committee. The
Board, as assisted by the Audit Committee, has conducted annual review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and
internal control systems for the year ended 31 March 2026, covering the material financial, operational and compliance controls,
and considers the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to be effective and adequate.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience, training and budget and
effectiveness of the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions for the year ended 31 March 2026.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 March 2026, the fees paid/payable to the Company’s auditor is set out as follows:

Services rendered                                                                                               Fee paid/payable
                                                                                                                        (HK$’000)

Audit services                                                                                                               1,500
Non-audit services                                                                                                             350


                                                                                                                             1,850




40     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Chin Ying Ying has been appointed as company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”) with effect from 27
March 2020. For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company Secretary undertook not less than 15 hours of professional training
to update the skills and knowledge.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the Board. An
annual general meeting of the Company shall be held in each year and at the place as may be determined by the Board. Each
general meeting, other than an annual general meeting, shall be called an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”).

RIGHT TO CONVENE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING
Any one or more member(s) holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital
of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, on a one vote per share basis, shall at all times
have the right, by written requisition sent to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the manner
below, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such requisition;
and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition.

The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the requisitionist(s) and deposit it to the Board or the
Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business at Unit 2902, Vertical Square, 28 Heung Yip Road, Wong Chuk
Hang, Hong Kong, and such may consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitionist(s).

The request will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that the
request is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to convene an EGM by serving sufficient notice in
accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered members. On the contrary, if the request has been verified not
in order, the Shareholders will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as requested. If within
21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s)
himself (themselves) may convene a meeting, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the
failure of the Board shall be reimbursed by the Company to the requisitionist(s).

The notice period to be given to all the registered members for consideration of the proposal raised by the requisitionist(s)
concerned at the EGM is at least 14 clear day’s notice in writing.

RIGHT TO SEND ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the principal place
of business of the Company in Hong Kong or by e-mail to ir@dl-gh.com.

PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO PROPOSE A PERSON FOR ELECTION AS A DIRECTOR
Pursuant to article 85 of the Articles, no person other than a Director retiring at the meeting shall, unless recommended by the
Directors for election, be eligible for election as a Director at any general meeting unless a notice signed by a member (other
than the person to be proposed) duly qualified to attend and vote at the meeting for which such notice is given of his/her
intention to propose such person for election and also a notice signed by the person to be proposed of his/her willingness to be
elected shall have been lodged at the head office or the registration office of the Company provided that the minimum length of
the period, during which such notice(s) are given, shall be at least 7 days and that (if the notices are submitted after the despatch
of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election) the period for lodgment of such notice(s) shall commence on
the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than 7 days prior to
the date of such general meeting. The written notice must state that person’s biographical details as required by Rule 13.51(2) of
the Listing Rules.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       41
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO PUT FORWARD PROPOSALS AT SHAREHOLDERS’
MEETINGS
To put forward proposals at a general meeting of the Company, a Shareholder should lodge a written notice of his/her/
its proposal (the “Proposal”) with his/her/its detailed contact information via email at the email address of the Company at
ir@dl-gh.com. The identity of the Shareholder will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon
their confirmation that the request is made by a Shareholder and such request is proper and in order, the Board will determine
in its sole discretion whether the Proposal may be included in the agenda for the general meeting to be set out in the notice of
meeting.

The notice period to be given to all the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder concerned at
the general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

1.    notice of not less than 21 clear days in writing if the Proposal requires approval in an annual general meeting;

2.    notice of not less than 14 clear days in writing if the Proposal requires approval in an EGM.

INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers that having active communications with its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders is important
and this will enhance transparency and clarity in public disclosures by the Company. The Company has established a range of
communication channels between itself and its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These include the annual general
meeting, the annual and interim reports, notices, announcements, circulars, memorandum and articles of association on the
Company’s website at https://www.dlglobalholdings.com.

The Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy for the year ended 31
March 2026, and considered that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy remained effective and was properly implemented
given the multiple channels of communication in place.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026, there had been no significant change in the Company’s constitutional documents.

POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
The Company adopted a policy on payment of dividends (the “Dividend Policy”) with effect from 1 January 2019, which
establishes an appropriate procedure on declaring and recommending the dividend payment of the Company.

The Company will declare and/or recommend the payment of dividends to Shareholders after considering the Company’s ability
to pay dividends, which will depend upon, among other things, its actual and expected financial results, cash flow, general
business conditions and strategies, current and future operations, statutory, contractual and regulatory restrictions and so on.
The Board has complete discretion on whether to pay a dividend, subject to Shareholders’ approval, where applicable. Even if
the Board decides to recommend and pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon the operations and
earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors of and affecting
the Group. The Board may also consider declaring special dividends from time to time, in addition to the interim and/or final
dividends.

The Company shall review and reassess the Dividend Policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.




42     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors hereby present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
March 2026.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is principally engaged in (i) provision of financial services of
licensed businesses including financial advisory services; securities research services; securities trading and brokerage services;
margin financing services; referral services; investment management and advisory services; and insurance brokerage services to
customers; (ii) provision of family office services, investment advisory, assets management services and referral services for ultra-
high net worth families; (iii) provision of money lending services to customers; (iv) sales of apparel products with the provision
of supply chain management total solutions to customers; (v) provision of enterprise solutions services and (vi) cryptocurrency
mining. The major activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements of the
Group.

RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The Group’s results for the year ended 31 March 2026 are set out in the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income on page 69 of this annual report.

The Directors recommend, subject to, among other thing, the approval of the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of
the Company to be held on 4 September 2026 (“AGM”) and/or the obtaining of all necessary approvals, consents, clearances
from the applicable regulatory bodies (including but not limited to Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission and the Stock
Exchange), a total distribution of approximately HK$120 million for the year ended 31 March 2026, comprising: (i) the payment
of a final dividend of HK0.99 cents per Share in the form of cash, amounting to a total dividend of approximately HK$20 million
(the “Cash Dividend”), to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 15 September
2026 (record date); (ii) a proposed special dividend by way of distribution in specie of real world asset (“RWA”) tokens with an
aggregate indicative value of approximately HK$100 million (the “Distribution in Specie”); and (iii) the issue of approximately
40 million Bonus shares (the “Bonus Shares” each a “Bonus Share”) on the basis of one new Bonus Share credited as fully paid
for every 50 existing Shares (the “Bonus Issue”).

Subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM, it is expected that the Cash Dividend will be paid to the eligible
Shareholders on or around 2 October 2026. This proposed Cash Dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in the
consolidated financial statements, but reflected as an appropriation of retained earnings for the year ended 31 March 2026.

Distribution in Specie
The assets proposed to be distributed under the Distribution in Specie are contemplated to comprise tokenised limited
partnership interests in limited partnership funds holding (i) property interests in DL Tower with an intended value of
approximately HK$61 million; and (ii) debt investment in Carmel Reserve LLC with an intended value of approximately HK$39
million. For the Distribution in Specie, the Company is actively communicating with the relevant regulatory bodies in order to
formulate the plan for the Distribution in Specie under applicable laws and regulations. As at the date of this annual report, the
Company has not finalised the structure, terms, timetable or record date of the Distribution in Specie, which remains subject
to, among other things, compliance with applicable laws, and regulations, including the Listing Rules, and the obtaining of all
necessary approvals, consents and clearances. The Company will publish the details of the Distribution in Specie by further
announcement(s) as and when appropriate.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       43
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


BONUS SHARES
For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Board recommended to issue approximately 40 million bonus Shares on the basis of one
new Bonus Share credited as fully paid for every 50 existing Shares held by the Shareholders whose names appear on the register
of members of the Company on 15 September 2026. The Bonus Issue is subject to, among others, the Listing Committee of the
Stock Exchange granting listing of, and permission to deal in, the Bonus Shares and the Shareholders’ approval at the AGM, and if
all necessary approvals are obtained, the share certificate of the Bonus Shares will be posted on or about 2 October 2026.

A further announcement and a circular containing, among other things, further details of the Bonus Issue (including a detailed
timetable) will be despatched to the Shareholders as soon as possible.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year ended 31 March 2026, the key factors affecting its results
and financial position, and the information on the compliance with laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
Company, environmental policy and performance and relationships with stakeholders that have a significant impact on the
Company are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. Furthermore, a fair
review of, and an indication of likely future development in the Group’s business are set out in the section headed “Chairman’s
Statement” of this annual report.

The Group’s business is subject to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, cash flow interest rate
risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk; and the risks related to extreme changes in weather conditions and seasonality
trends. Besides, it greatly relies on the Group’s management team to operate and also the sales representatives for introduction
of new customers and business opportunities to the Group.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Financial highlights of the Group are set out on page 186 of this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 March 2026 are set out in note 30 to the
consolidated financial statements of the Group.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would
oblige the Company to offer its new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.




44     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
On 13 January 2026, 17,901,639 Shares held in treasury by the Company have been transferred out of treasury to YTME pursuant
to the YTME Subscription Agreement. For further details, please refer to the subsection headed “Subscription of shares in
Youngtimers AG” under the section headed “Material Acquisitions or Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures”
in this annual report. During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 18,266,000 Shares on the Stock
Exchange. The Board believe that such share repurchase in the present market conditions will demonstrate the Company’s
confidence in its own business outlook and prospects and would, ultimately, benefit the Company and create value to the
Shareholders. Details of the repurchases of Shares by the Company during the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                              Number of                Highest               Lowest
                                                 Shares         purchase price        purchase price             Aggregate
Date of repurchase                          repurchased              per Share             per Share          consideration
                                                                          HK$                   HK$                    HK$

19 March 2026                                   3,700,000                  1.35                   1.30             4,870,000
20 March 2026                                   3,970,000                  1.29                   1.29             5,102,060
23 March 2026                                   1,300,000                  1.24                   1.22             1,603,740
24 March 2026                                   4,239,000                  1.30                   1.26             5,395,300
25 March 2026                                   1,841,000                  1.35                   1.32             2,459,120
26 March 2026                                   1,800,000                  1.36                   1.28             2,410,280
27 March 2026                                   1,416,000                  1.30                   1.29             1,833,640


                                              18,266,000                                                          23,674,140


Subsequent to 31 March 2026 and up to the date of this annual report, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 13,500,000
Shares at an aggregate consideration of HK$14,665,930. 20,266,000 Shares were cancelled on 6 May 2026.

Save as disclosed above and in the paragraphs headed “Material Acquisitions or Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint
Ventures” and “Placing of New Shares” of this annual report, the Company and its subsidiaries did not purchase, sell or redeem
any of its Shares listed on the Stock Exchange (including sale of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period.

EQUITY LINKED AGREEMENT
Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Report of the Directors – 2015 Share Option Scheme” and “Management Discussion and
Analysis – Placing of New Shares and Use of Proceeds” in this annual report, no equity linked agreement was entered into by the
Group, or subsisted, during the year ended 31 March 2026.

RESERVES
Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended 31 March 2026 are set out in note
46 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 71 to
72 of this annual report respectively.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026     45
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, amounted to approximately
HK$1,945.3 million. Such amount represented other reserves after setting off accumulated losses of the Company, which may be
distributable provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company
will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Group’s largest and five largest customers represented approximately 36.3% and 54.6% of
the Group’s total revenue respectively, and the Group’s largest and five largest suppliers represented approximately 32.9% and
57.6% of the Group’s total cost of services respectively.

None of the Directors nor any of their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) nor any Shareholders (which, to the
knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the issued Shares) had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest
customers and/or five largest suppliers during the year ended 31 March 2026.

DIRECTORS
During the year ended 31 March 2026 and up to the date of this annual report, the Directors were as the followings:

Executive Directors
Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay
Mr. Ai Kuiyu
Ms. He Zhiying

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Kwan (resigned on 29 September 2025)
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek (resigned on 31 July 2025)
Mr. Qiao Linjian (appointed on 19 January 2026 and resigned on 1 July 2026)
Mr. Wang Yiding
Mr. Zhao Meng (appointed on 1 July 2026)

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Mr. Liu Chun (resigned on 28 July 2026)
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (resigned on 23 July 2025)
Mr. Lin Ge (appointed on 28 July 2026)

According to article 84(1) of the Articles, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of
three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting
of the Company, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least once every
three years. Any Director who retires under this article shall then be eligible for re-election as Director. Mr. Ai Kuiyu, Mr. Wang
Yiding and Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley) will retire as Directors and, being eligible,
offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the AGM.

BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS
The biographical details of the Directors are disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management” of this annual report.


46     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS/APPOINTMENT LETTERS
As at the date of this annual report, each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company. The
term of service agreement of Mr. Chen Ningdi, an executive Director, is for an initial term of three years commencing from
28 February 2020 and continues thereafter until terminated in accordance with the terms of the contract, and is subject to
retirement by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. The term of service agreement of Mr. Lang
Joseph Shie Jay, an executive Director, is for an initial term of three years commencing from 10 January 2022 and is subject to
retirement by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. The term of service agreement of Mr. Ai Kuiyu, an
executive Director, is for an initial term of three years commencing from 10 January 2022 and is subject to retirement by rotation
and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. The term of service agreement of Ms. He Zhiying, an executive Director,
is for an initial term of three years commencing from 28 April 2023 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related
provisions as stipulated in the Articles.

Mr. Qiao Linjian, being a non-executive Director with effect from 19 January 2026, entered into a letter of appointment with the
Company for a term of two years commencing from 19 January 2026 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related
provisions as stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Wang Yiding, being a non-executive Director, entered into a letter of appointment
with the Company for an initial term of three years commencing from 21 November 2023 and is subject to retirement by rotation
and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles.

Mr. Chang Eric Jackson, being an independent non-executive Director with effect from 25 May 2018, entered into a letter of
appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 25 May 2026 and is subject to retirement by rotation
and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien, being an independent non-executive Director
with effect from 27 March 2020, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing
from 27 March 2026 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Liu
Chun, being an independent non-executive Director with effect from 22 April 2020, entered into a letter of appointment with
the Company for a term of one year commencing from 22 April 2026 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related
provisions as stipulated in the Articles.

No Director being proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which is
not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract, other than a contract of service with any Director or any person under the full-time employment of the Company,
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company, was
entered into or existed for the year ended 31 March 2026.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Remuneration Committee is set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of the
Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance and
comparable market practices. The remunerations of the Directors are determined by reference to the economic situation, the
market condition, the responsibilities and duties assumed by each Director as well as their individual performance.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       47
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group by band and the respective number of persons for the
year ended 31 March 2026 are set out below:

Remuneration bands                                                                                         Number of persons

HK$0 to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                         5
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                                 3
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                                 4
HK$2,000,000 to HK$2,500,000                                                                                                 3
HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                                 –
HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                                                 1

Further details of Directors’ and the five highest paid employees’s remuneration are set out in note 9 and note 10 to the
consolidated financial statements.

ARRANGEMENTS FOR DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At any time during and at the end of the year ended 31 March 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party
to any arrangements which enabled the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of
the Company or any other body corporate.

DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES, AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 March 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                               interest in the
                                                                                                                    Company
Name of Director(s)                     Capacity/nature of interest                  Number of Shares                 (Note 1)

Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”)            Interest of controlled corporation          739,247,762 (Note 2)                35.71%
                                        Interest of spouse                              197,400 (Note 3)                 0.01%
                                        Beneficial owner                             18,147,499 (Note 2)                 0.88%

Mr. Ai Kuiyu (“Mr. Ai”)                 Beneficial owner                              9,265,596 (Note 4)                 0.45%
                                        Interest of spouse                              570,349 (Note 4)                 0.03%

Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay (“Mr. Lang”)   Beneficial owner                              5,000,000 (Note 5)                 0.24%
                                        Interest of spouse                            1,455,948 (Note 5)                 0.07%

Ms. He Zhiying (“Ms. He”)               Beneficial owner                              6,125,971 (Note 6)                  0.3%

Mr. Liu Chun (“Mr. Liu”)                Interest of controlled corporation            1,600,000 (Note 7)                 0.08%
                                        Beneficial owner                              2,700,000 (Note 7)                 0.13%




48     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Notes:


1.       Based on the total number of issued Shares (including 48,198,849 treasury shares) as at 31 March 2026.


2.       DA Wolf Investments I Limited (“DA Wolf”) directly owned 567,524,297 Shares, representing approximately 27.42% of all issued Shares as
         at 31 March 2026. Mr. Chen being the sole shareholder of DA Wolf was deemed to be interested in the total of 567,524,297 Shares held by
         DA Wolf. Mr. Chen also held 18,147,499 Shares as beneficial owner. Rapid Raise Investments Limited (“Rapid Raise”), a company wholly
         owned by DL Family Office Global Limited (“DL Global”) as at 31 March 2026, of which approximately 68.4% of the issued share capital
         was held by Mr. Chen and approximately 31.6% of the issued share capital was held by Ms. Jiang Xinrong (“Ms. Jiang”), directly held
         171,723,465 Shares, representing approximately 8.30% of all issued Shares as at 31 March 2026. Accordingly, Mr. Chen was deemed to be
         interested in the 171,723,465 Shares held by Rapid Raise.


3.       Ms. Jiang also held 197,400 Shares as beneficial owner. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen, being the spouse of Ms. Jiang, was deemed to be
         interested in all Shares held by Ms. Jiang.


4.       These 9,265,596 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Ai. These 570,349 Shares represented the Shares held by the
         spouse of Mr. Ai. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Ai was deemed to be interested in those Shares.


5.       These 5,000,000 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Lang. These 1,445,948 Shares represented the Shares held by the
         spouse of Mr. Lang. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Lang was deemed to be interested in those Shares.


6.       These 6,125,971 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Ms. He.


7.       Big Dream Investments Limited (“Big Dream”) directly owned 1,600,000 Shares, representing approximately 0.08% of all issued Shares as
         at 31 March 2026. Mr. Liu being the sole shareholder of Big Dream was deemed to be interested in the total of 1,600,000 Shares held by
         Big Dream. These 2,700,000 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Liu.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2026, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any interests and
short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was
required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                 DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026         49
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ AND OTHER PERSONS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 March 2026, the interests or short positions of the persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) in
the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
section 336 of the SFO or which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                     Number of Shares               percentage of
                                                                                                       interested in or            interest in the
                                                                                                         deemed to be                   Company
Name                                       Capacity/nature of interest                                       interested                   (Note 1)

Ms. Jiang                                  Interest of spouse                                      757,395,261 (Note 2)                      36.59%
                                           Beneficial owner                                            197,400 (Note 3)                       0.01%

DA Wolf                                    Beneficial owner                                        567,524,297 (Note 2)                      27.42%

Rapid Raise                                Beneficial owner                                        171,723,465 (Note 2)                       8.30%

Evergreen Wealth Investment                Beneficial owner                                        171,015,255 (Note 4)                       8.26%
  Limited (“Evergreen Wealth”)

Mr. Chiu Chang-Wei (“Mr. Chiu”)            Interest of controlled corporation                      171,015,255 (Note 4)                       8.26%

Notes:


1.       Based on the total number of issued Shares (including 48,198,849 treasury shares) as at 31 March 2026.


2.       Please refer to note 2 to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
         Shares, Underlying Shares, and Debentures” in this annual report for details. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Jiang, being the spouse of Mr. Chen,
         was deemed to be interested in all Shares held by Mr. Chen.


3.       Please refer to note 3 to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
         Shares, Underlying Shares, and Debentures” in this annual report for details.


4.       Pursuant to the agreement dated 28 September 2025 between the Company and Evergreen Wealth in relation to the acquisition of BTC
         mining machines, subject to and conditional upon the completion of the acquisition of the BTC mining machines, the Company will issue
         to Evergreen Wealth (i) the convertible bonds with a principal amount of US$21,852,600, (ii) 40,000,000 warrants and (iii) subject to the
         fulfillment of the earn-out conditions, up to 13,442,451 earn-out shares. Accordingly, Evergreen Wealth was interested in the derivative
         interest for a total of 107,212,255 Shares. Evergreen Wealth also held 63,803,000 Shares as beneficial owner. Evergreen Wealth is controlled
         by Mr. Chiu, and Mr. Chiu was deemed to be interested in all those Shares.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2026, no person, other than a Director or chief executive of the Company, whose
interests are set out in the section “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares, and
Debentures” above, had registered an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO or which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.




50        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


2015 SHARE OPTION SCHEME
A share option scheme was adopted and approved by the then Shareholders on 22 September 2015 (the “2015 Share Option
Scheme”). The purpose of the 2015 Share Option Scheme was to enable the Company to grant options to eligible participants as
incentive or reward for their contribution to the Group to subscribe for the Shares thereby linking their interest with that of the
Group. The eligible participants of the 2015 Share Option Scheme included the employee, adviser, consultant, service provider,
agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company or any subsidiary (including any Director of the Company or
any subsidiary) who is in full-time or part-time employment with or otherwise engaged by the Company or any subsidiary at the
time when an option is granted to such employee, adviser, consultant, service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture
partner or any person who, in the absolute discretion of the Board, has contributed or may contribute to the Group. On 6 August
2024, the Board passed a resolution to, among other things, amend the terms of the 2015 Share Option Scheme to the effect
that the Company may satisfy the grants of the share options under the 2015 Share Option Scheme using treasury shares of the
Company at the Board’s discretion.

During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company did not grant any share options under the 2015 Share Option Scheme and
all remaining 26,432,000 share options were lapsed. As at 31 March 2026, the Company had no (31 March 2025: 26,432,000)
share options outstanding under the 2015 Share Option Scheme.

Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Shareholders in the annual general meeting of the Company held on 9 September 2021,
the limit of the 2015 Share Option Scheme was refreshed as at the date of meeting and accordingly, the Company is allowed
under the “refreshed limit” to grant options carrying the rights to subscribe for up to a total of 143,012,100 Shares, representing
10% of the issued Shares as at the date of such annual general meeting.

Unless approved by the Shareholders in the manner set out in the 2015 Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares issued
and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each grantee (including both exercised and outstanding options) in
any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Where any further grant of options to an eligible participant
would result in the Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such person
(including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further
grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the Shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by Shareholders
in general meeting with such eligible participant and his close associates abstaining from voting (or his associates if the eligible
participant is a connected person).

An offer of share options shall be made to an eligible participant in writing in such form as the Directors may from time to time
determine and shall remain open for acceptance by the eligible participant concerned for a period of 21 days from the date upon
which it is made provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the 10th anniversary of the adoption date of the
2015 Share Option Scheme or the termination of the same.

An offer shall be deemed to have been accepted by an eligible participant concerned in respect of all Shares which are offered
to such eligible participant when the duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the offer duly signed by the eligible participant,
together with a non-refundable remittance in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof
is received by the Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not be later than 21 days from, and
inclusive of, the date of offer).




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       51
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


At the time of grant of the share options, the Company may specify any minimum period(s) for which an option must be held
before it can be exercised. An option may be exercised at any time during the period to be determined and identified by the
Board to each grantee at the time of making an offer for the grant of an option, but in any event no later than 10 years from
the date of grant but subject to the early termination of the 2015 Share Option Scheme. There is no performance target which
must be achieved before an option can be exercised under the terms and conditions of the 2015 Share Option Scheme unless the
Directors otherwise determined and stated in the offer letter for the grant of options.

The subscription price for Shares under the 2015 Share Option Scheme shall be determined at the discretion of the Directors
but in any event will not be less than the highest of (a) the closing price of the Shares on the Stock Exchange as shown in the
daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange on the offer date of the particular option, which must be a business day; (b) the
average of the closing prices of the Shares as shown in the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five business
days immediately preceding the offer date of that particular option; and (c) the nominal value of a Share on the offer date of the
particular option.

The 2015 Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective commencing from the adoption date of the 2015 Share Option
Scheme until the close of business of the Company on the date which falls ten years from the date of the adoption of the 2015
Share Option Scheme unless terminated earlier.

Details of movements in the share options under the 2015 Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2026 are as
follows:

                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                                                   Closing       average
                                                                                                                                     price        closing
                                                                                                                                 per Share       price of
                                                                                                                                      prior         Share
                                    Outstanding                                                      Outstanding                    to the        before
                                           as at   Granted    Exercised   Cancelled       Lapsed            as at    Exercise     grant of       date of
Category and                             1 April     during      during      during       during       31 March     price per        share    exercise of
name of grantee     Date of grant          2025    the Year    the Year    the Year     the Year            2026        Share      options       options Exercise period
                                                                                                                      (Note 3)
Directors
Mr. Lang (Note 1)   24 March 2023      4,590,000         –           –           –     (4,590,000)             –     HK$2.65      HK$2.69           N/A 24 March 2024 to
                                                                                                                                                          23 March 2026

Ms. He (Note 2)     24 March 2023      2,550,000         –           –           –     (2,550,000)             –     HK$2.65      HK$2.69           N/A 24 March 2024 to
                                                                                                                                                          23 March 2026

Employee(s) of      24 March 2023    19,292,000          –           –           –    (19,292,000)             –     HK$2.65      HK$2.69           N/A 24 March 2024 to
  the Group                                                                                                                                               23 March 2026

Total                                26,432,000          –           –           –    (26,432,000)             –


Notes:


1.       Mr. Lang is an executive Director.


2.       Ms. He is an executive Director.


3.       The adjustment was due to the bonus issue on the basis of one bonus share for 50 existing Shares completed on 10 October 2024.


Save as disclosed above, no share options were granted or exercised or cancelled or lapsed during the year ended 31 March 2026.




52          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 31 March 2025 and the circular of the Company dated 3 June 2025, in
view of the amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules relating to share schemes which came into effect on 1 January 2023,
the Company proposed to terminate the 2015 Share Option Scheme and adopt the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme (as defined and
detailed below) to replace the 2015 Share Option Scheme for the purpose of, among other things, reflecting the latest changes
and requirements under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The proposed termination of the 2015 Share Option Scheme was
approved by the shareholders of the Company in the extraordinary general meeting held on 19 June 2025.

2020 SHARE AWARD SCHEME
A share award scheme was adopted by the Company on 8 September 2020 (the “2020 Share Award Scheme”). The 2020 Share
Award Scheme was (i) to recognise the contributions by the participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain
them for the continual operation and development of the Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development
of the Group. The 2020 Share Award Scheme was subject to administration of the Board and DL Securities (HK) Limited, the
trustee in accordance with the rules of the 2020 Share Award Scheme and the trust deed in relation thereto. The eligible
participants of the 2020 Share Award Scheme included any employee (including without limitation any executive director) of
any member of the Group, any non-executive director or proposed non-executive director (including independent non-executive
director) of any member of the Group or any entity in which any member of the Group holds any equity interest (the “Invested
Entity”), any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity, any customer of the Group or any
Invested Entity, any person or entity that provides or will provide research, development, consultancy, advisory services or other
technological support to the Group or any Invested Entity, any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or
any holder of any securities issued or proposed to be issued by any member of the Group or any Invested Entity, any other group
or class of participants from time to time determined by the Directors as having contributed or may contribute by way of joint
venture, business alliances, consultancy, advisory services or other business arrangements to the development and growth of the
Group and any person or entity, who, at the sole determination of the Directors, has contributed to the Group.

The Board shall not make any further award of awarded shares which will result in the nominal value of the Shares awarded by
the Board under the 2020 Share Award Scheme exceeding 10% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.

The awarded shares made pursuant to the 2020 Share Award Scheme shall be personal to the selected participant to whom it
is made and shall not be assignable and no selected participant shall in any way sell, transfer, charge, mortgage, encumber or
create any interest in favour of any other person over or in relation to the unvested awarded shares.

The Board may from time to time give instructions to the trustee to purchase Shares on the Stock Exchange, specifying the
maximum amount of funds to be used and the range of prices at which such Shares are to be purchased. The Board shall not
make any grant of awarded shares or give instructions to the trustee to acquire Shares when dealings in the Shares are prohibited
under any code or securities dealing restrictions adopted by the Company or requirement of the Listing Rules; or where such
grant or instruction would breach any applicable laws from time to time.

The 2020 Share Award Scheme does not specify a minimum vesting period. The Board may, at its discretion, determine the
vesting conditions or periods for the share award to be vested. No payment by the selected participant is required for acceptance
of the share award granted under the 2020 Share Award Scheme.

The relevant awarded shares shall not vest in the relevant selected participants in the following circumstances: (i) where such
person is an employee and has committed any act of fraud or dishonesty or serious misconduct; or (ii) where such person is not
an employee and such person has breached any term of any contract entered into between such person and the Group; or (iii)
where such person has been declared or adjudged to be bankrupt by a competent court; or (iv) where such person has been
convicted of any criminal offence or any offence under SFO. In respect of a selected participant who died or retired by agreement
on or before the vesting date, all the awarded shares of the relevant selected participant shall be deemed to be vested on the day
immediately prior to his death or to his retirement.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      53
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Unless otherwise terminated, the 2020 Share Award Scheme should be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing
from its adoption on 8 September 2020.

Details of movements in the awarded shares under the 2020 Share Award Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2026 are as
follows:

                                                                                        Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                                    Closing price Fair value of
                                                                                                                                                        per Share awards per
                                                               Unvested                                                       Unvested              immediately Share at the
                                                                awarded     Granted                                            awarded                     before date of grant
                                                             shares as at     during      Vested    Cancelled        Lapsed shares as at              the date of during the
                                                    Vesting 1 April 2025    the Year      during       during        during   31 March     Purchase grant during           Year
Category                      Date of grant          period      (Note 3)    (Note 2)   the Year     the Year      the Year        2026       price      the Year      (Note 1)


Employee(s) of the Group      17 April 2024    17 April 2024      204,000          –           –            –      (204,000)          –           –      HK$4.52      HK$4.147
                                                          to
                                               17 April 2025

Total                                                             204,000          –           –            –      (204,000)          –


Notes:


1.         The fair value of the awarded shares was calculated based on the market price of the Shares at the respective grant date. The Group has
           adopted the accounting standard in accordance with HKFRS 2 – Share-based Payment.


2.         There are no performance targets attached to the awards granted during the Reporting Period.


3.         The number was adjusted due to bonus issue on the basis of one bonus share for 50 existing shares completed on 10 October 2024.


Upon termination of the 2020 Share Award Scheme, no further award shares may be granted thereunder, while the award shares
already granted before the termination shall remain valid and continue to be held by the trustee and become vested according to
the conditions of the awards and in accordance with the 2020 Share Award Scheme.

During the Reporting Period, 204,000 awarded shares were lapsed and there was no outstanding awarded shares under the 2020
Share Award Scheme as at 31 March 2026.

2025 SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
A share incentive scheme was adopted by the Company on 19 June 2025 (the “2025 Share Incentive Scheme”). The 2025
Share Incentive Scheme is (i) to enable the Company to grant awards to eligible participants as incentive or reward for their
contribution to the Group; (ii) to provide the Company with a flexible means of remunerating, incentivizing, retaining, rewarding,
compensating and/or providing benefits to eligible participants; and (iii) to align the interest of eligible participants with those of
the Company and its shareholders by providing such eligible participants with the opportunity to acquire shareholding interests
in the Company. The award to be granted under the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme may take the form of a share option or a share
award. Eligible participants of the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme include employee participants and related entity participants.




54          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The maximum number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all awards to be granted under the 2025 Share Incentive
Scheme and other share schemes of the Company will be 148,329,238 Shares, representing 10% of the total number of Shares in
issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the adoption date on 19 June 2025. As at the date of this annual report, the total number
of Shares available for issue under the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme and other share scheme of the Company is 148,329,238
Shares, representing approximately 7.4% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of
this annual report.

Unless approved by the Shareholders in the manner set out in the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme, no awards may be granted
to any one person such that the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of awards granted and to be
granted to that person in any 12- month period exceeds 1% of any relevant class of the Company’s issued share capital (excluding
treasury Shares, if any) from time to time.

The Directors may from time to time, in their absolute discretion, determine the vesting period upon which the awards may
be vested. Save for the circumstances prescribed under the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme, the vesting period in respect of any
award shall be not less than twelve months. The relevant vesting date or vesting period of any award and any other criteria or
conditions for vesting shall be set out in the award letter.

The Board may in its absolute discretion determine whether the grantee is required to pay any purchase price for obtaining the
shares underlying a share award, and, if so required, the amount of the purchase price, after taking into account the practices of
comparable companies and the effectiveness of the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme in attracting talents and motivating the grantee
to contribute to the long-term development of the Group. The Board may consider the requirement to pay purchase price for the
share award after having regard to the specific circumstances and other terms of the grant to the particular eligible participant
such that it will be in the interest of the Company and will serve the purpose of the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme.

For awards which take the form of share options, the Board shall determine the exercise price for such share options, provided
that the exercise price shall in any event be no less than the higher of: (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily
quotations sheet issued by the Stock Exchange on the offer date, which must be a business day; and (ii) the average closing
price of the shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately
preceding the offer date. The exercise period for such share options shall be determined by the Board provided that in any event
be not longer than 10 years from the offer date. Unless otherwise specified in the award letter, an offer for awards in form of
share options is accepted by an eligible participant when a signed duplicate acceptance letter, indicating the number of Shares
accepted, is received by the Company within 21 days from the offer date, along with a non-refundable payment of HK$1.00.

The 2025 Share Incentive Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption date on 19
June 2025 unless terminated earlier.

For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 31 March 2025 and 19 June 2025 and the circular
of the Company dated 2 June 2025.

During the Reporting Period, there were no awards outstanding, granted, cancelled, exercised or lapsed under the 2025 Share
Incentive Scheme. As at 19 June 2025 (i.e. adoption date of the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme) and 31 March 2026, there were
148,329,238 Shares available for issue under the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme and other share schemes of the Company
representing approximately 10.0% and 7.3% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares), respectively.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       55
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


2025 RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD SCHEME
A restricted share award scheme was also adopted by the Company on 2 June 2025 (the “2025 Restricted Share Award
Scheme”). The 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme is (i) to recognise the contributions by certain participants of the scheme and
to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group; (ii) to provide
the Company with a flexible means of remunerating, incentivising, retaining, rewarding, compensating and/or providing benefits
to the participants of the scheme; and (iii) to align the interest of the participants of the scheme with those of the Company and
its shareholders by providing such participants with the opportunity to acquire shareholding interests in the Company to attract
suitable personnel for further development of the Group. The scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and
the trustee in accordance with the rules of the scheme and the terms of the trust deed. The 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme
shall only be funded by existing Shares and shall not involve the grant by the Company of new Shares (including any transfer of
treasury shares out of treasury) or options over new Shares or similar arrangement for the benefit of the selected participants.

The eligible participants of the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme include any employee of any member of the Group, any
non-executive director or proposed non-executive director (including independent non-executive director) of any member of the
Group or any Invested Entity, any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity, any customer
of the Group or any Invested Entity, any person or entity that provides or will provide research, development, consultancy,
advisory services or other technological support to the Group or any Invested Entity, any shareholder of any member of the
Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued or proposed to be issued by any member of the Group or any
Invested Entity, any other group or class of participants from time to time determined by the Directors as having contributed or
may contribute by way of joint venture, business alliances, consultancy, advisory services or other business arrangements to the
development and growth of the Group and any person or entity, who, at the sole determination of the Directors, has contributed
to the Group.

The Board shall not make any further award of awarded shares which will result in the aggregate number of awarded shares
awarded by the Board under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme (excluding any awards which have lapsed or been
cancelled in accordance with the Scheme) to be exceeding 10% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury
shares) as of the adoption date, being up to a total of 148,329,238 Shares. As at the date of this annual report, pursuant to rules
of the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme, the total number of Shares available for grant under the 2025 Restricted Award
Scheme is 147,889,238 Shares, representing approximately 7.4% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury
shares) as at the date of this annual report.

The maximum number of shares which may be awarded to a selected participant under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme
in any 12-month period shall not in aggregate exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding any treasury
shares) from time to time.

The 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme does not specify a minimum vesting period. The Directors may from time to time,
in their absolute discretion, determine the vesting period upon which the awards may be vested. The relevant vesting date or
vesting period of any award and any other criteria or conditions for vesting shall be set out in the grant notice.

The Board may in its absolute discretion determine whether the selected participant is required to pay any purchase price for
obtaining the shares underlying an award, and, if so required, the amount of the purchase price, after taking into account
the practices of comparable companies and the effectiveness of the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme in attracting talents
and motivating the selected participant to contribute to the long-term development of the Group. The Board may consider the
requirement to pay purchase price for the share award after having regard to the specific circumstances and other terms of the
grant to the particular selected participant such that it will be in the interest of the Company and will serve the purpose of the
2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme.

Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board, the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme shall be valid and
effective for a term of ten years commencing on the adoption date on 2 June 2025.

For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 2 June 2025.


56     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Details of movement in the awarded shares under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period are as
follows:

                                                                                                       Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                   average
                                                                                                                                                                                             closing price
                                                                      Unvested                                                                                Closing price     Fair value   of the Share
                                                                       awarded                                                                                    per Share of awards per    immediately
                                                                   shares as at                                                         Unvested               immediately Share at the        before the
                                                                   2 June 2025      Granted                                              awarded                 before the date of grant          date of
                                                                        (i.e. the     during      Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed    shares as at            date of grant        during           vesting
                                                                      adoption      the year      during       during        during     31 March     Purchase        during      the year           during
Category                   Date of grant     Vesting period                 date)    (Note 2)   the year     the year      the year          2026       price      the year       (Note 1)        the year


Employee(s) of the Group   4 July 2025       4 July 2025 to                    –      80,000     (80,000)           –             –             –         N/A       HK$3.08       HK$3.22         HK$3.77
                                                18 July 2025
Consultant                 4 July 2025       4 July 2025 to                    –      10,000     (10,000)           –             –             –         N/A       HK$3.08       HK$3.22         HK$3.77
                                                18 July 2025
Employee(s) of the Group   29 January 2026   29 January 2026 to                –     350,000    (350,000)           –             –             –         N/A       HK$2.03       HK$2.06         HK$1.82
                                                16 February 2026
Total                                                                                440,000    (440,000)           –             –             –



Notes:


1.           The fair value of the awarded shares was calculated based on the market price of the Shares at the respective grant date. The Group has
             adopted the accounting standard in accordance with HKFRS 2 – Share-based Payment.


2.           There are no performance targets attached to the awards granted during the Reporting Period.


During the Reporting Period, the Company has granted and vested 440,000 shares under the 2025 Restricted Share Award
Scheme. Up to 31 March 2026, a total of 440,000 shares has been awarded under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme,
representing approximately 0.03% of the number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) on 2 June 2025 (i.e. the adoption
date). As at 31 March 2026, the total number of Shares available for grant under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme was
147,889,238 (as at adoption date: 148,329,238).

During the Reporting Period, the trustee of the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme has purchased an aggregate of 70,090,000
Shares from the market for the purpose of the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme. The Company intends to implement the
2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme with an initial award pool target of 30 million Shares purchased and to be purchased
from the market, and to be distributed and vested according to individual performance and the scheme rules. Following the
achievement of the initial award pool of 30 million Shares under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme, the Company intends
to commence the second phase of the Restricted Share Award Scheme by establishing a further award pool target comprising up
to 40 million Shares and such further award pool target has been subsequently achieved. For further details, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated 22 September 2025, 6 November 2025 and 15 December 2025.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Details of the transactions during the year between the Group and connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) in which
the Director has beneficial interest are set out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the section
headed “Report of the Directors – Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions” of this annual report.

Save as disclosed above, no Director or any entity connected with any Director had a material interest, whether directly or
indirectly, in any transactions, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the business of the Group, to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or its parent companies or subsidiaries of its parent companies was a party, which subsisted
during or at the end of the year ended 31 March 2026.


                                                                                                              DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                                     57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
Save as disclosed in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the section headed “Report of the
Directors – Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions” of this annual report, no contracts of significance in
relation to the Group’s business between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder or any of its
subsidiaries, nor contract of significance in relation to the Group’s business for provision of services to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries by a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries, subsisted during or at the end of the year ended 31 March
2026.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
For the year ended 31 March 2026 and up to the date of this annual report, none of the Directors or any of their respective close
associates, engaged in any business that competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
Group, or had any other conflict of interest with the Group.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Under the Articles, and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, the Directors and officers of the Group shall be
indemnified out of the assets and profits of the Company from or against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and
expenses which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices. During the year
ended 31 March 2026 and up to the date of this annual report, such indemnity provision was in force. The Company has taken
out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against the Directors.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of related party transactions of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2026 are set out in note 42 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report. Each of these related party transactions constituted a connected transaction or
continuing connected transaction as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 March 2026. The
Company confirms that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
for the year ended 31 March 2026 other than those connected transactions which are fully exempted under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS/CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Connected Transactions
Provision of DL Guarantee
On 29 November 2024, in connection with the completion of the DLJP Subscription, the Company (as guarantor) entered into a
letter of guarantee with ORIX Finance Services Hong Kong Limited (“ORIX”) (as lender) in relation to the provision of guarantee
for the amount of JPY82,687,500 (equivalent to approximately HK$4,134,375) provided by the Company in favour of ORIX (the
“DL Guarantee”), as one of the securities to ORIX in consideration of ORIX to continue to grant a loan facility to Mr. Chen (as
borrower).

Mr. Chen is the chairman of the Board, an executive Director, the chief executive officer of the Company and a controlling
shareholder of the Company. Mr. Chen is therefore a connected person of the Company. As such, the provision of the DL
Guarantee as requested by the Lender under the Supplemental Facility Letter constitutes a connected transaction for the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For further information, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 17 July 2024 and 29 November 2024.

Investment in Carmel Reserve LLC
On 9 May 2024, the Company (as lender) and Carmel Reserve LLC (as borrower) (the “Target Company”) entered into a loan
agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide an unsecured loan to the Target Company in the principal amount
of US$2,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$15,600,000) at an interest rate of 12% per annum, with maturity falling on the
expiry of one year from the date on which the loan is drawn (the “Debt Investment”).


58     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


On 16 September 2025, the Company and the Target Company entered into a subscription agreement (the “Further Subscription
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Target Company has conditionally agreed to issue and allot to the Company (or its
nominee), and the Company has conditionally agreed to subscribe for (or procure its nominee to subscribe for) the subscription
interest, representing approximately 13.12% of the issued Class B Membership Interest in the Target Company as enlarged by
the subscription, at the consideration of approximately US$10.32 million (equivalent to approximately HK$80.52 million) (the
“Further Subscription”), comprising US$8.0 million by cash and US$2.32 million from loan capitalisation of the outstanding
principal and interest of the Debt Investment. The Further Subscription has completed in September 2025.

As at 31 March 2026, the Company is, directly and indirectly, interested in approximately 32.97% of the issued class B
membership interest in the Target Company.

Given the controlling Class A Membership Interest and Class B Membership Interest in the Target Company held, directly or
indirectly, by Mr. Chen, Ms. Jiang and the Company, Carmel Reserve LLC is a connected person of the Company. Therefore, the
entering into of the Further Subscription Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute a connected
transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For further information, please refer to announcements of the Company dated 16 September 2025 and 12 October 2025.

Please refer to the section headed “Placing of New Shares” under Management Discussion and Analysis in this annual report for
the connected transaction in relation to the subscription of 20,000,000 Shares under specific mandate by DA Wolf pursuant to the
Specific Mandate Subscription Agreement.

Continuing Connected Transactions
Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the following transactions are continuing connected transactions which are subject
to the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Supplemental Advisory Agreement
On 29 December 2023, DL Family Office (HK) Limited (“DL Family Office HK”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, entered into an advisory agreement (the “Advisory Agreement”) with Mr. Chen, pursuant to which, DL Family Office
HK was appointed as the advisor of Mr. Chen for the provision of advisory services for a term commencing from 1 January 2024
to 31 December 2026.

Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the management fees are charged at 0.5% per annum of the net asset portfolio value. The
annual caps under the Advisory Agreement for each of the years ending 31 December 2024, 2025 and 2026 was HK$9.5 million,
HK$9.5 million and HK$9.5 million, respectively. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29
December 2023.

On 17 July 2024, in view of the increasing demand from Mr. Chen for the investment advisory and asset management
advisory services provided by DL Family Office HK, DL Family Office HK entered into a supplemental advisory agreement (the
“Supplemental Advisory Agreement”) with Mr. Chen to revise the existing annual caps for a term of three years commencing
from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2027. The revised annual caps under the Supplemental Advisory Agreement for each of the years
ending 31 March 2025, 2026 and 2027 was HK$25.0 million, HK$25.0 million and HK$25.0 million, respectively. For further
details, please refer to the announcement and circular of the Company dated 17 July 2024 and 7 August 2024.

The Directors believe that the entering into of the Supplemental Advisory Agreement will allow the Group to leverage on the
extensive investment advisory and asset management experiences of DL Family Office HK to continue provide advisory services
to Mr. Chen and is in line with the Company’s policy to broaden the revenue base of the Group and provide a stable source of
revenue to the Group.

At the material time, DA Wolf directly owned 535,508,134 Shares, representing approximately 35.29% of all issued Shares. Mr.
Chen, being the sole shareholder of DA Wolf, was deemed to be interested in the total of 535,508,134 Shares held by DA Wolf. Mr.
Chen also held 17,791,666 Shares as beneficial owner.

At the material time, Rapid Raise, of which approximately 36.6% of the issued share capital was held by Ms. Jiang, directly held
226,124,966 Shares, representing approximately 14.89% of all issued Shares as at the date of this annual report. Accordingly,
Ms. Jiang was deemed to be interested in the 226,124,966 Shares held by Rapid Raise. Ms. Jiang also held 203,333 Shares as
beneficial owner. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen, being the spouse of Ms. Jiang, was deemed to be interested in all Shares held by
Ms. Jiang.


                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      59
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Accordingly, at the material time, Mr. Chen is deemed to be beneficially interested in 779,928,099 Shares, representing
approximately 51.37% of the issued share capital of the Company.

Mr. Chen is an executive Director and a substantial shareholder of the Company as defined under the Listing Rules and therefore
is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Supplemental Advisory Agreement
constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Supplemental
Advisory Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder are subject to the reporting, announcement, independent
shareholders’ approval and annual review requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Confirmation of Independent Non-executive Directors
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing
connected transactions of the Group and confirmed that such transaction has been entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)    on normal or better commercial terms; and

(iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them and on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests
        of the Shareholders as a whole.

Confirmation from the Company’s Auditor
Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the continuing
connected transactions of the Group. The Board has received a letter from the auditor of the Company with respect to the above
continuing connected transactions and the letter stated for the year ended 31 March 2025, nothing has come to the auditor’s
attention that causes them to believe the continuing connected transactions:

(i)     have not been approved by the Board;

(ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, were not, in all material respects, in accordance
        with the pricing policies of the Group;

(iii)   were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing such transactions; and

(iv)    have exceeded the relevant annual caps as set by the Company.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the latest
practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, at least 25% of the issued Shares were held by the public (i.e. the
prescribed public float applicable to the Company under the Listing Rules) at all times for the year ended 31 March 2026 and
thereafter up to the date of this annual report.

TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the Shares.

AUDITOR
Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited did not offer itself for re-appointment as the auditor of the Company at the annual general
meeting of the Company held on 13 September 2024 (the “2024 AGM”) and retired as the auditor of the Company upon
expiration of its term of office at the conclusion of the 2024 AGM. BDO Limited was appointed as the auditor of the Company by
ordinary resolution passed at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on 23 October 2024. Save as disclosed, there has
been no change in the auditor of the Company in any of the preceding three years.

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 have been audited by BDO Limited who will hold office
until the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM.

An ordinary resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM regarding the appointment of auditor of the Company.

                                                                                            By Order of the Board
                                                                                              Mr. Chen Ningdi
                                                                           Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 30 June 2026


60       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of DL Holdings Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(together the “Group”) set out on pages 69 to 185, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
March 2026, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 March 2026, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       61
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Impairment assessment of receivables
As at 31 March 2026, the Group has trade and other receivables of HK$300,670,000 and loan and interest receivables of
HK$196,269,000, net of expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance of HK$1,043,000 and HK$5,212,000 respectively.

ECL allowance for trade receivables, except for margin receivables, are based on management’s estimate of the ECL to be
incurred, which is estimated by taking into account the historical credit loss experience, existing market conditions as well as
forward-looking information, all of which involve a significant degree of management judgement.

ECL allowance for other receivables based on an estimate of the recoverability of these receivables.

Assessing the ECL of margin receivables and loan and interest receivables requires the management’s judgement and uses of
estimates in determining the probability of default occurring by considering the ageing of receivables, historical loss experience
and forward-looking information.

We have identified the ECL assessment of trade and other receivables, margin receivables and loan and interest receivables as a
key audit matter because of the assessment involves significant management’s judgement and use of estimates.

Our response:

•     reviewing the Group’s procedures on credit policy given to customers;

•     checking the correctness of the ageing analysis by customer on a sample basis;

•     evaluating the external valuer’s competence, capabilities and objectivity;

•     obtaining an understanding from the valuer about the valuation methodologies and key assumptions used in the valuation
      of ECL allowance for trade receivables, margin receivables and loans and interests receivables;

•     assessing the reasonableness of management ’s ECL allowance estimates by examining the information used by
      management to form such judgements, including testing the accuracy of the historical default data with the involvement
      of our internal valuation team, evaluating whether the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted based on current
      economic conditions and forward-looking information and examining the actual losses recorded during the current
      financial year and assessing whether there was an indication of management bias when recognising ECL allowance;

•     reviewing the Group’s credit policies on protection of the Group against the identified risks including the requirements to
      obtain collateral from borrowers, robust ongoing credit assessment of borrowers and monitoring exposures against internal
      risk limits;

•     on a sample basis, testing the values of collaterals including pledged securities of margin receivables accounts and loan
      and interest receivables; and

•     on a sample basis, reviewing and questioning credit profiles and reports of selected customers.




62     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Assessment of control over structured entities
The Group acquires or retains an ownership interest in, or act as an investment manager of, structured entities. The Group
determines whether or not to consolidate these structured entities based on the assessment of whether the Group has control
over the structured entities by taking into consideration of power arising from rights, exposure of variable returns and the
linkage between power and returns.

The assessment of the Group’s control over structured entities involves significant judgement on factors, such as the purpose
and design of structured entities, its ability to direct the relevant activities, direct and indirect beneficial interests and returns,
remuneration and performance fee.

Due to the significance of the structured entities and the complexity of judgement exercised by the management, we identified
the control assessment of structured entities as a key audit matter.

Our response:

•     reviewing the legal structures and reading the relevant constituent documents of these structured entities to assess the
      power held by the Group in making key operating and financing decisions and its exposure for variable returns from these
      structured entities;

•     evaluating the risk and reward structure of the structured entities including any return guarantee, commission basis and
      distribution of returns and assessing the management’s judgement as to exposure and right to variable returns from the
      Group’s involvement;

•     evaluating the power held by other parties which allow the removal of the Group as the general partner or investment
      manager and assessing whether the rights held by other parties are substantive; and

•     identifying if substantive rights held by any other parties in the structured entities, in combination with the Group’s
      decision-making power and its level of exposure to the variable returns, constituted control by the Group over these
      structured entities on a case by case basis.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        63
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments
As at 31 March 2026, the Group had financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss categorised as Level 3 which
include an investment amounting to approximately HK$321,953,000.

Due to the significance of the judgement and estimates made by the management and the subjectivity in determination of Level
3 fair value given the lack of availability of market-based data and the significant unobservable inputs, we identified the fair
value measurements of Level 3 financial instruments as a key audit matter.

Our response:

•     evaluating whether the valuation methodology, inputs and assumptions adopted by management were appropriate;

•     evaluating the rationale of management’s judgement on the significant unobservable inputs;

•     testing the evidence supporting the unobservable inputs used in the Level 3 fair value measurements;

•     evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the valuer engaged by the Group by assessing its qualifications,
      relevant experience and relationship with the Group;

•     assessing the reasonableness of significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation with the assistance from our internal
      valuation team by comparing them to publicly available information of similar properties; and

•     evaluating the adequacy of the Level 3 fair value measurement disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.




64     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Assessment of goodwill impairment
As at 31 March 2026, the Group had goodwill of HK$226,430,000, net of impairment of HK$1,335,000, primarily in relation to
the Group’s acquisition of subsidiaries. Management has assessed the goodwill impairment and no impairment losses of goodwill
was recognised for the year then ended.

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, or when there are events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be
impaired. For the purpose of impairment assessment, goodwill was allocated to each cash-generated unit. Management assessed
impairment of goodwill with the assistance of an independent external valuer and determined the recoverable amounts
based on a value-in-use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management. The key
assumptions considered primarily include (i) compound annual growth rate of revenue, (ii) earnings before income tax (iii)
average trade receivables turnover days, (iv) long-term growth rate, and (v) pre-tax discount rate.

We identified this area as a key audit matter because of the significance of the goodwill balance and the significant judgements
and estimates made by the management in the goodwill impairment assessment. The inherent risk in relation to the impairment
assessment of goodwill is considered significant due to the complexity of the impairment models and subjectivity of significant
assumptions used.

Our response:

•     understanding the internal control over the impairment assessment of goodwill and assessed the inherent risk of material
      misstatement by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors, such as
      complexity, subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to management bias or fraud;

•     evaluating the competency, capabilities and objectivity of the external valuer;

•     evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology and the reasonableness of key assumptions adopted with the
      involvement of our internal valuation team;

•     challenging and assessing the reasonableness of the key assumptions adopted by management as below: (i) evaluate the
      historical estimation accuracy of the cash flow forecast; (ii) evaluate the reasonableness of the key assumptions used in the
      cash flow forecast; and (iii) assess the pre-tax discount rate with reference to comparable listed companies based on our
      industry knowledge and independent research done by our internal valuation team;

•     evaluating the reasonableness of the sensitivity analysis performed by management on the key assumptions to understand
      the impact of the reasonable changes in assumptions on the recoverable amount;

•     assessing the adequacy of the disclosures related to impairment assessment of goodwill; and

•     considering whether the judgements made in selecting the methodology and the key assumptions would give rise to
      indicators of possible management bias.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       65
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee assists the
directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.




66     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This report is
made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
      error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
      higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
      or the override of internal control.

•     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.

•     evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
      the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the work performed for the purposes of the group audit. We
      remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       67
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Lau Kin Tat, Terry
Practising Certificate no. P07676

Hong Kong, 30 June 2026




68     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                          AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 March 2026

                                                                                                        2026                   2025
                                                                                Notes                HK$’000                 HK$’000

Revenue                                                                           5                  323,685                 189,660
Cost of services                                                                  7                  (56,107)                (50,745)
Gross profit                                                                                         267,578                 138,915
Other gains/(losses), net                                                         6                  397,017                  196,111
Selling expenses                                                                  7                      (378)                 (1,362)
General and administrative expenses                                               7                 (285,596)                (175,643)
(Provision for)/reversal of expected credit loss (“ECL”) of receivables, net      7                    (1,627)                  6,343
Share of profit of an associate accounted for using the equity method                                     333                       –
Operating profit                                                                                     377,327                 164,364
Finance income                                                                    12                  10,120                   2,932
Finance costs                                                                     12                 (15,579)                (29,992)
Finance costs, net                                                                                     (5,459)                  (27,060)
Profit before income tax                                                                             371,868                 137,304
Income tax expenses                                                               13                  (4,604)                   (208)
Profit for the year                                                                                  367,264                 137,096
Other comprehensive income/(expense), including
   reclassification adjustments
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                (124)                     167
Fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                                          325                      (393)
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year,
  including reclassification adjustments                                                                  201                      (226)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                              367,465                 136,870

Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                                363,136                 136,812
Non-controlling interests                                                                              4,128                     284
                                                                                                     367,264                 137,096
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                                363,239                 136,586
Non-controlling interests                                                                              4,226                     284
                                                                                                     367,465                 136,870
Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
  (expressed in HK cents per share)                                                                                        (Restated)
  – Basic                                                                       15(a)                   21.11                    9.16
  – Diluted                                                                     15(b)                   20.63                    9.10




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 March 2026
                                                                                          2026       2025
                                                                           Notes       HK$’000     HK$’000
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                               16          622,970      7,380
Right-of-use assets                                                         17           24,195     34,579
Investment properties                                                       18           62,600     11,960
Intangible assets                                                           19           79,004     86,379
Goodwill                                                                    19          226,430    226,430
Deferred tax assets                                                         20              704        701
Deposits                                                                    26            2,299      1,739
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)             21          818,705    203,063
Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income           22            3,045      2,720
Investment in an associate measured using equity accounting                 23                –     97,734
Investment in an associate measured at fair value through profit or loss    24          339,974          –
Digital assets                                                              25          106,015          –
                                                                                      2,285,941    672,685
Current assets
Digital assets                                                              25           39,795          –
Trade and other receivables                                                 26          306,994    288,741
Promissory notes receivables                                                27                –     75,478
Loan and interest receivables                                               28          196,269    162,940
Bank balances – trust                                                       29          155,796     58,381
Cash and cash equivalents                                                   29          369,551     31,700
                                                                                      1,068,405    617,240
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                    32          194,981     111,917
Promissory notes payables                                                   33                –      32,770
Bank and other borrowings                                                   34          158,929      50,573
Convertible bonds                                                           35          146,413           –
Bonds payable                                                               36                –      38,000
Lease liabilities                                                           37           10,052      10,326
Other financial liabilities                                                 38           10,646           –
Income tax payable                                                                        8,915       8,629
                                                                                        529,936     252,215
Net current assets                                                                      538,469     365,025
Total assets less current liabilities                                                 2,824,410   1,037,710
Non-current liabilities
Promissory notes payables                                                   33           22,169          –
Bonds payable                                                               36           46,000     46,000
Lease liabilities                                                           37           16,864     26,916
Deferred tax liabilities                                                    20           13,906     12,131
Other borrowings                                                            34            4,048      4,870
                                                                                        102,987     89,917
Net assets                                                                            2,721,423    947,793
EQUITY
Share capital                                                               30           20,699     15,494
Other reserves                                                                        1,891,455    505,730
Retained earnings                                                                       774,886    396,412
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                          2,687,040    917,636
Non-controlling interests                                                                34,383     30,157
Total equity                                                                          2,721,423    947,793



                          Chen Ningdi                                              Ai Kuiyu
                            Director                                               Director

70      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                                                                                   CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 March 2026
                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                             through other
                                                                            comprehensive                                                            Share
                                                                  Treasury           income                      Share           Share            held for                                                               Non-
                                             Share       Share      shares       (“FVTOCI”)       Other        options          award         Share Award     Translation    Capital      Retained                 controlling      Total
                                            capital   premium*     reserve*          reserve*   reserve*       reserve*        reserve*           Scheme*         reserve*   reserve*     earnings    Sub-total      interests     equity
                                           HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000

Balance as at 1 April 2024                  14,539     354,685           –                –           –          15,506             421           (153,031)          (407)        10       289,242     520,965              –     520,965
Profit for the year                              –           –           –                –           –               –               –                  –              –          –       136,812     136,812            284     137,096
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year:
  Exchange differences on translation
      of foreign operations                      –           –           –                –           –               –               –                  –           167           –             –         167               –       167
  Fair value loss on debt instruments
      measured at FVTOCI                         –           –           –             (393)          –               –               –                  –              –          –             –         (393)             –       (393)

Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year                                   –           –           –             (393)          –               –               –                  –           167           –       136,812     136,586            284     136,870

Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 43)            –           –           –                –           –               –               –                  –              –          –             –            –         3,691       3,691
Partial disposal of a subsidiary without
   loss of control (note 44.1)                   –           –           –                –      (1,053)              –               –                  –              –          –             –       (1,053)        1,053           –
Deemed disposal of a subsidiary
   (note 44.1)                                   –           –           –                –      (4,801)              –               –                  –              –          –             –       (4,801)        4,801           –
Equity settled share-based payment
   (note 44.1)                                   –           –           –                –      23,340               –               –                  –              –          –             –      23,340               –     23,340
Partial disposal of a subsidiary without
   loss of control (note 44.2)                   –           –           –                –      55,813               –               –                  –              –          –             –      55,813         12,437      68,250
Release upon disposal of a subsidiary
   (note 44.3)                                   –           –           –                –           –               –               –                  –              –          –             –            –         (3,404)    (3,404)
Deemed disposal of a subsidiary
   (note 44.3)                                   –           –           –                –     (11,295)              –               –                  –              –          –             –      (11,295)       11,295           –
Shares granted under 2020 Share Award
   Scheme (note 11)                              –        258            –                –           –               –             447               353               –          –             –       1,058               –      1,058
Lapsed of share award                            –          –            –                –           –               –            (421)                –               –          –           421           –               –          –
Termination of Share Award Scheme
   (note 31(c))                                  –           –    (152,678)               –           –               –               –           152,678               –          –             –            –              –          –
Issue of shares upon placement,
   net (note 30(a)                             644     224,552           –                –           –               –               –                  –              –          –             –     225,196               –    225,196
Issue of shares under 2015 share option
   scheme (note 30(c))                           7       2,291           –                –           –            (408)              –                  –              –          –             –       1,890               –      1,890
Issue of shares upon bonus issue
   (note 30(b))                                304        (304)          –                –           –               –               –                  –              –          –             –            –              –          –
Dividend paid (note 14)                          –           –           –                –           –               –               –                  –              –          –       (30,063)     (30,063)             –    (30,063)

Transactions with owners                       955     226,797    (152,678)               –      62,004            (408)             26           153,031               –          –       (29,642)    260,085         29,873     289,958

Balance as at 31 March 2025                 15,494     581,482    (152,678)            (393)     62,004          15,098             447                  –           (240)        10       396,412     917,636         30,157     947,793




                                                                                                                                DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                                                 71
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 March 2026
                                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                             through other
                                                                            comprehensive                                                           Share
                                                                   Treasury         income                       Share           Share           held for                                                           Non-
                                              Share        Share     shares      (“FVTOCI”)      Other         options          award        Share Award    Translation    Capital   Retained                 controlling       Total
                                             capital   premium*    reserve*        reserve*   reserve*        reserve*        reserve*         Schemes*        reserve*   reserve*   earnings    Sub-total      interests      equity
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000

Balance as at 1 April 2025                  15,494      581,482    (152,678)          (393)    62,004          15,098             447                  –          (240)        10    396,412      917,636         30,157     947,793
Profit for the year                              –            –           –              –          –               –               –                  –             –          –    363,136      363,136          4,128     367,264
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year:
  Exchange differences on translation
      of foreign operations                       –           –           –              –          –                –               –                 –          (124)         –           –         (124)            –         (124)
  Fair value gain on debt instruments
      measured at FVTOCI                          –           –           –            227          –                –               –                 –             –          –           –         227             98         325

Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year                                    –           –           –            227          –                –               –                 –          (124)         –    363,136      363,239          4,226     367,465

Equity-settled payment for acquiring
   financial assets                               –           –     54,692               –          –                –               –                 –             –          –           –      54,692              –      54,692
Issue of shares upon placements and
   subscription, net (note 30(d) and (e))     5,205    1,533,669          –              –          –                –               –                 –             –          –           –    1,538,874             –    1,538,874
Issue of warrants relating to
   acquisition of property, plant
   and equipment                                  –           –           –              –      7,261                –               –                 –             –          –           –        7,261             –        7,261
Contingent consideration classified as
   equity relating to acquisition
   of property, plant and equipment               –           –           –              –     11,710                –               –                 –             –          –          –       11,710              –      11,710
Lapsed of share option                            –           –           –              –          –          (15,098)              –                 –             –          –     15,098            –              –           –
Acquisition of shares under 2025
   Restricted Share Award Scheme
   (note 11)                                      –           –           –              –          –                –               –          (182,380)            –          –           –     (182,380)            –     (182,380)
Shares granted under 2025 Restricted
   Share Award Scheme (note 11)                   –           –           –              –          –                –          1,011                  –             –          –           –        1,011             –        1,011
Shares vested under 2025 Restricted
   Share Award Scheme (note 11)                   –           –           –              –          –                –          (1,011)            1,215             –          –        (207)          (3)            –           (3)
Lapsed of share award                             –           –           –              –          –                –            (447)                –             –          –         447            –             –            –
Repurchase of issued ordinary shares
   (note 31(c))                                   –           –     (25,000)             –          –                –               –                 –             –          –           –      (25,000)            –      (25,000)

Transactions with owners                      5,205    1,533,669    29,692               –     18,971          (15,098)           (447)         (181,165)            –          –     15,338     1,406,165             –    1,406,165

Balance as at 31 March 2026                 20,699     2,115,151   (122,986)          (166)    80,975                –               –          (181,165)         (364)        10    774,886     2,687,040        34,383    2,721,423



*             Other reserves comprise the Group’s reserves of HK$1,891,455,000 (2025: HK$505,730,000) in the consolidated statement of financial
              position.




72                DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                                   CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                           Notes                HK$’000                 HK$’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                   40(a)               (158,253)                   19,120
Income tax paid                                                                                   (2,546)                  (2,208)
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                         (160,799)                   16,912
Cash flows from investing activities
Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary                              43                         –                   (3,470)
Net cash outflow on disposal of a subsidiary                                44.3                        –                   (7,058)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                                          (415,533)                   (98,187)
Purchase of debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                                  –                   (3,113)
Dividend received                                                                                       –                    1,281
Interest income received                                                                            9,007                    1,095
Purchase of an investment property                                                               (20,391)                        –
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                     (494,320)                    (7,306)
Purchase of an intangible asset                                                                    (2,561)                       –
Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at FVTPL                                                    –                   70,673
Receipts from promissory notes receivables                                                        76,437                         –
Net cash used in investing activities                                                          (847,361)                   (46,085)
Cash flows from financing activities
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                      40(b)                (10,326)                  (6,949)
Dividend paid                                                              14(b)                       –                 (30,063)
Proceed from short-term bank borrowings                                    40(b)                 74,000                   30,000
Repayment of short-term bank borrowings                                    40(b)                (47,202)                 (31,000)
Proceed from other borrowings                                              40(b)                 90,314                        –
Repayment of other borrowings                                              40(b)                  (9,578)                   (229)
Interest paid                                                              40(b)                (10,205)                 (12,226)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                     40(b)                  (1,594)                 (2,188)
Repurchase of issued ordinary shares                                                            (25,000)                       –
Proceeds from issuance of promissory notes                                 40(b)                   4,680                       –
Repayment of promissory notes payables                                     40(b)                (37,450)                (153,400)
Repayment of bonds payable                                                 40(b)                (38,000)                       –
Proceeds from issue of shares upon placements and subscription              30                1,567,294                  225,295
Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares upon placements
  and subscription                                                           30                  (28,420)                     (99)
Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of share options                                           –                    1,890
Acquisition of shares under 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme                                 (182,380)                        –
Net cash generated from financing activities                                                  1,346,133                    21,031
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                            337,973                    (8,142)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                   31,700                    39,842
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                            (122)                        –
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                     29                 369,551                    31,700




                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
      DL Holdings Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 11 May 2015 as an exempted
      company with limited liability under the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the
      Cayman Islands. The Company has established a place of business in Hong Kong at Unit 2902, Vertical Square, 28 Heung
      Yip Road, Wong Chuk Hang, Hong Kong. The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
      “Stock Exchange”).

      The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are principally engaged in
      (i) provision of financial services of licensed businesses including financial advisory services; securities research services;
      securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; investment management and
      advisory services; and insurance brokerage services to customers; (ii) provision of family office services, investment
      advisory, assets management services and referral services for ultra-high net worth families; (iii) provision of money
      lending services to customers; (iv) sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions
      to customers; (v) provision of enterprise solutions services; and (vi) cryptocurrency mining.

      The immediate holding company and ultimate holding company of the Company is DA Wolf Investments I Limited
      (“DA Wolf”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

      These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.

      The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 were approved for issue by the board of Directors
      on 30 June 2026.

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      2.1 Basis of preparation
            These annual consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards
            which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
            Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
            (“HKICPA”).

            The consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
            Companies Ordinance and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”).

            The adoption of new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards and the impacts on the Group’s consolidated
            financial statements, if any, are disclosed in note 3.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for financial assets at
            FVTPL, debt instruments at FVTOCI, investment properties and investment in an associate measured at FVTPL, which
            are stated at fair value. The measurement bases are fully described in the accounting policies below.

            It should be noted that accounting estimates and assumptions are used in preparation of the consolidated financial
            statements. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge and judgement of current events
            and actions, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. The areas involving a higher degree of
            judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
            statements are disclosed in note 4.




74     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.2 Basis of consolidation
         The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
         by the Company and its subsidiaries.

         Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed, or has
         rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
         power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power over the entity, only substantive rights relating
         to the entity (held by the Group and others) are considered.

         The Group includes the income and expenses of a subsidiary in the consolidated financial statements from the date
         it gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. The financial year of the subsidiary,
         which is acquired during the year, made up to 31 March each year. For consolidation purpose, the income and
         expenses from the acquisition date to 31 March 2026 are included in the consolidated financial statements.

         Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses on transactions between group companies are
         eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Where unrealised losses on intra-group asset sales are
         reversed on consolidation, the underlying asset is also tested for impairment from the Group’s perspective. Amounts
         reported in the financial statements of subsidiaries have been adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with
         the accounting policies adopted by the Group.

         In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less any impairment
         loss (see note 2.17). Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent consideration
         amendments. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment.

         The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends received and receivable at the
         end of the reporting period. All dividends whether received out of the investee’s pre or post-acquisition profits are
         recognised in the Company’s profit or loss.

         A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
         deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only, and key activities
         are directed by contractual agreement. Structured entities often have restricted activities and a narrow and well
         defined objective. Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities is disclosed in note 45.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.2 Basis of consolidation (Continued)
            Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
            Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries
            are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity and the
            non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries.

            Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the
            consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

            When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling
            interests are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between
            (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii)
            the carrying amount of the assets, and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All
            amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if
            the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss
            or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards). The
            fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair
            value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments or, when applicable, the
            cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate.

      2.3 Acquisition of subsidiaries
            Business combinations or asset acquisitions
            Optional concentration test
            The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a
            simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test is
            met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or
            group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred
            tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of
            activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

            Asset acquisitions
            When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies and
            recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first to
            investment properties which are subsequently measured under fair value model. Such a transaction does not give
            rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

            Business combinations
            Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
            transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition
            date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
            acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition related
            costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.




76     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.3 Acquisition of subsidiaries (Continued)
          Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)
          Business combinations (Continued)
          The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input
          and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process
          is considered substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include
          an organised workforce with necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform that process or it significantly
          contributes to the ability to continue producing outputs and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced
          without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

          Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
          limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

          Consideration transferred as part of a business combination does not include amounts related to the settlement of
          pre-existing relationships. The gain or loss on the settlement of any pre-existing relationship is recognised in profit or
          loss.

          Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
          interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity in the acquiree (if any) over the
          net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If, after reassessment,
          the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum
          of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value on
          the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as
          bargain purchase gain.

     2.4 Associate
          An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence, which is the power to participate in the
          financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control of those policies.

          Associate measured using equity accounting
          In consolidated financial statements, an investment in an associate is initially recognised at cost and subsequently
          accounted for using the equity method. Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the net
          fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the associate recognised at the date of
          acquisition is recognised as goodwill. The goodwill is included within the carrying amount of the investment and
          is assessed for impairment as part of the investment. The cost of acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the
          fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed and equity instruments issued
          by the Group, plus any costs directly attributable to the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
          value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over the cost of acquisition, after reassessment, is
          recognised immediately in profit or loss in the determination of the Group’s share of the associate’s profit or loss in
          the period in which the investment is acquired.

          Under the equity method, the Group’s interest in the associate is carried at cost and adjusted for the post-acquisition
          changes in the Group’s share of the associate’s net assets less any identified impairment loss, unless it is classified as
          held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale). The profit or loss for the year includes
          the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the associate for the year, including any impairment
          loss on the investment in associate recognised for the year. The Group’s other comprehensive income for the year
          includes its share of the associate’s other comprehensive income for the year.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026          77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.4 Associate (Continued)
            Associate measured using equity accounting (Continued)
            After the application of equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an additional
            impairment loss on the Group’s investment in its associate. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
            determines whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in associate is impaired. If such indications
            are identified, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as being the difference between the recoverable
            amount (i.e. higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) of the associate and its carrying amount. In
            determining the value in use of the investment, the Group estimates its share of the present value of the estimated
            future cash flows expected to be generated by the associate, including cash flows arising from the operations of the
            associate and the proceeds on ultimate disposal of the investment.

            Associate measured at fair value through profit or loss
            The Company, though its consolidated structured entity, has an investment in the investee that gives the Group
            significant influence, but not control. The Group recognised such investment as investment in associate. The
            consolidated structured entity has applied the measurement exemption within HKAS 28 “Investment in Associates
            and Joint Ventures” when an investment in an associate is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that
            is a venture capital organisation, or a mutual fund, unit trust and similar entities including investment-linked
            insurance fund. The Group elects to measure such investment in the associate at fair value through profit or loss
            since the Company decided its consolidated structured entity has the following characteristics of a venture capital
            organisation:

            –      The investment is held for a short- to medium- term rather than for a long-term;

            –      The most appropriate point for exit is actively monitored; and

            –      Investments form part of a portfolio, which is monitored and managed without distinguishing between
                   investments that qualify as associate and those that do not.

            The Group presented such investment in the associate as “investment in an associate measured at fair value through
            profit or loss” in the consolidated statement of financial position.




78     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.5 Foreign currency translation
         Functional and presentation currency
         Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
         primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The functional currency
         of the Company is Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$ for
         convenience purpose which is the Group’s presentation currency.

         In the individual financial statements of the consolidated entities, foreign currency transactions are translated into
         the functional currency of the individual entity using the exchanges rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
         At the end of the reporting period, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated
         at the foreign exchange rates ruling at that date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
         of such transactions and from the end of the reporting period retranslation of monetary assets and liabilities are
         recognised in profit or loss.

         Transactions and balances
         Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
         dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
         from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
         are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

         Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates
         at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair value
         are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences on non-monetary assets
         and liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are recognised in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss.
         When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component
         of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is
         recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other
         comprehensive income.

         Group companies
         The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-inflationary
         economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the
         presentation currency as follows:

         (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that
                 statement of financial position;

         (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average
                 is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in
                 which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

         (iii)   all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
                 separately in the translation reserve in equity.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.6 Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at acquisition cost, manufacturing cost (including any
            cost directly attributable to bringing the assets to the location and condition necessary for them to be capable
            of operating in the manner intended by the Group’s management). They are subsequently stated at cost less
            accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their residual values over their
            estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method, at the following rates per annum:

            Cryptocurrency mining machines                        4 years
            Leasehold improvements                                Over the lease term of 3 years
            Office equipment                                      5 years
            Computer equipment                                    3 years
            Fitting and furniture                                 5 years
            Motor vehicles                                        5 years

            Accounting policy for depreciation of right-of-use assets is set out in note 2.11.

            Estimates of residual value and useful life are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
            date.

            Gain or loss arising on retirement or disposal is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the
            carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

            Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
            when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the
            item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other costs, such as
            repairs and maintenance, are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.

      2.7 Goodwill
            Set out below are the accounting policies on goodwill arising on acquisitions of subsidiaries. Accounting for goodwill
            arising on acquisition of interest in an associate is set out in note 2.4.

            Goodwill arising in a business combination is recognised as an asset at the date that control is acquired (the
            acquisition date). Goodwill is measured as the excess of the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration
            transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s
            previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s
            identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

            If, after reassessment, the Group’s interest in the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets exceeds the sum
            of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of
            the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or
            loss as a bargain purchase gain.

            Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”)
            and is tested annually for impairment. Accounting for impairment for non-financial assets is set out in note 2.17.

            On subsequent disposal of a subsidiary, the attributable amount of goodwill capitalised is included in the
            determination of the amount of gain or loss on disposal.

80     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.8 Financial instruments
         Recognition and derecognition
         Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions
         of the financial instrument.

         Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire,
         or when the financial asset and substantially all of its risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is
         derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

         Financial assets
         Classification and initial measurement of financial assets
         Except for those trade receivables and loan and interest receivables that do not contain a significant financing
         component and are measured at the transaction price in accordance with HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with
         Customers”, all financial assets are initially measured at fair value, in case of a financial asset not at FVTPL, plus
         transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial
         assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
         income.

         Financial assets, other than those designated and effective as hedging instruments, are classified into the following
         categories:

         –     amortised cost;

         –     FVTPL; and

         –     FVTOCI

         The classification is determined by both:

         –     the entity’s business model for managing the financial asset; and

         –     the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.

         All income and expenses relating to financial assets that are recognised in profit or loss are presented within finance
         costs, finance income, except for ECL of trade receivables and loan and interest receivables which is presented as a
         separate line item in profit or loss.




                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.8 Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost
            Financial assets are measured at amortised cost if the assets meet the following conditions (and are not designated
            as FVTPL):

            –      they are held within a business model whose objective is to hold the financial assets and collect its contractual
                   cash flows; and

            –      the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                   interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            After initial recognition, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest income
            from these financial assets is included in finance income in profit or loss. Discounting is omitted where the effect of
            discounting is immaterial. The Group’s bank balances – trust, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables,
            promissory notes receivables, deposits and loan and interest receivables fall into this category of financial
            instruments.

            Financial assets at FVTPL
            Financial assets that are held within a different business model other than “hold to collect” or “hold to collect and
            sell’ are categorised at FVTPL. Further, irrespective of business model, financial assets whose contractual cash flows
            are not solely payments of principal and interest are accounted for at FVTPL.

            Valuation of investments in unlisted investment funds
            The Group’s investments in unlisted investment funds are subject to the terms and conditions of the respective
            investment funds’ offering documentation. The investments in investment funds are valued based on the latest
            available redemption price of such units for each investment fund, as determined by the investment funds’ general
            partners, investment manager, manager or administrators. The Group reviews the details of the reported information
            obtained from the investment funds and considers:

            •      the liquidity of the investment funds or its underlying investments;

            •      the value date of the net asset value provided;

            •      any restrictions on redemptions; and

            •      the basis of accounting and, in instances where the basis of accounting is other than fair value, the fair
                   valuation information provided by the investment funds’ general partners, investment manager or manager.

            If necessary, the Group makes adjustments to the net asset value of various investment fund to obtain the
            best estimate of fair value. Other gains/(losses), net in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
            comprehensive income includes the changes in fair value of each investment fund.




82     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.8 Financial instruments (Continued)
          Financial liabilities and equity
          Classification and measurement of financial liabilities and equity
          Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI
          Financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
          cash flows and selling the financial asset and the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
          solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, are categorised at FVTOCI.

          Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest
          income calculated using the effective interest method are recognised in profit or loss. All other changes in the
          carrying amount of these debt instruments are recognised in OCI and accumulated under the heading of FVTOCI
          reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to OCI without
          reducing the carrying amounts of these debt instruments. The amounts that are recognised in profit or loss are the
          same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if these debt instruments had been measured
          at amortised cost. When these debt instruments are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously
          recognised in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

          Equity investments
          An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading purposes.

          Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to
          receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
          investment. Dividends are included in the “other gains/(losses), net” in profit or loss.

          The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings, convertible bonds,
          promissory notes payables and bonds payable.

          Financial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) are initially measured at fair value, and, where applicable, adjusted
          for transaction costs unless the Group designated a financial liability at FVTPL.

          Subsequently, financial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) are measured at amortised cost using the effective
          interest method except for derivatives which are not designated and effective as hedging instruments and financial
          liabilities designated at FVTPL, which are carried subsequently at fair value with gains or losses recognised in profit
          or loss.

          All interest-related charges and, if applicable, change in an instrument’s fair value that are reported in profit or loss
          are included within finance costs.

          Trade and other payables
          Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost,
          using the effective interest method.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.8 Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
            Classification and measurement of financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
            Bank and other borrowings, bonds payable and promissory notes payables
            Bank and other borrowings, bonds payable and promissory notes payables are recognised initially at fair value,
            net of transaction costs incurred. Bank and other borrowings, bonds payable and promissory notes payables are
            subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the
            redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the bank and other borrowings, bonds payable
            and promissory notes payables using the effective interest method.

            Bank and other borrowings, bonds payable and promissory notes payables are classified as current liabilities unless
            the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting
            date.

            Convertible bonds
            If the conversion option of convertible bonds exhibits characteristics of an embedded derivative, it is separated from
            its liability component

            On initial recognition, the derivative component of the convertible bonds is measured at fair value and presented as
            part of derivative financial instruments. Any excess of proceeds over the amount initially recognised as the derivative
            component is recognised as the liability component. Transaction costs are apportioned between the liability and
            derivative components of the convertible bonds based on the allocation of proceeds to the liability and derivative
            components when the instruments are initially recognised. The portion of the transaction costs relating to the
            liability component is recognised initially as part of the liability. The portion relating to the derivative component is
            recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss.

            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
            of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue
            costs.

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is
            recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.

            Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
            A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated statement of
            financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised
            amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

      2.9 Impairment of financial assets
            HKFRS 9’s impairment requirements use more forward-looking information to recognise ECL – the “ECL model”.
            Instruments within the scope included loans and other debt-type financial assets measured at amortised cost and
            trade receivables.

            The Group considers a broader range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring ECL, including past
            events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability of the future
            cash flows of the instrument.




84     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.9 Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
          In applying this forward-looking approach, a distinction is made between:

          –     financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition or that
                have low credit risk (“Stage 1”); and

          –     financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition and whose
                credit risk is not low (“Stage 2”).

          “Stage 3” would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.

          “12-month ECL” are recognised for the Stage 1 category while “lifetime ECL” are recognised for the Stage 2 category.

          Measurement of the ECL is determined by a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the expected life of
          the financial instrument.

          Trade receivables (excluding margin receivables)
          For trade receivables (excluding margin receivables), the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECL
          and recognises a ECL allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date. These are the expected shortfalls in
          contractual cash flows, considering the potential for default at any point during the life of the financial assets. In
          calculating the ECL, the Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience
          and external indicators, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

          To measure the ECL, trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) have been grouped based on shared credit risk
          characteristics and the days past due. The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially
          the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore
          concluded that the ECL rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the contract
          assets.

          Other financial assets at amortised costs and debt instruments at FVTOCI
          The Group measures the ECL allowance for margin receivables, other receivables and deposits, promissory notes
          receivables, debt instruments at FVTOCI, bank balances – trust and cash and cash equivalents equal to 12-month ECL,
          unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime
          ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increase in the likelihood of
          risk of default occurring since initial recognition.

          In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the
          risk of a default occurring on the financial assets at the reporting date with the risk of default occurring on the
          financial assets at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative
          and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
          information that is available without undue cost or effort.




                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.9 Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            Other financial assets at amortised costs and debt instruments at FVTOCI (Continued)
            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
            significantly:

            –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal
                   credit rating;

            –      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit
                   spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

            –      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
                   significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations; and

            –      actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor.

            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
            significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group
            has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

            Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly
            since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the end of each reporting
            period. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if it has a low risk of default, the borrower has
            strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and
            business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its
            contractual cash flow obligations.

            For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when (i) information developed
            internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the
            Group, in full (without taking into account any collateral held by the Group) or (ii) the financial assets is 90 days past
            due.

            Detailed analysis of the ECL assessment of trade receivables (excluding margin receivables), other financial assets at
            amortised costs, debt instruments at FVTOCI and loan and interest receivables are set out in note 47(d).

      2.10 Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, demand deposits with banks and short term highly
            liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible into known amounts
            of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated
            statement of cash flows presentation, cash and cash equivalents which are repayable on demand and form an
            integral part of the Group’s cash management.




86     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.11 Leases
         Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee
         At inception of a contract, the Group considers whether a contract is, or contains a lease. A lease is defined as ‘a
         contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to use an identified asset (the underlying asset) for a period of
         time in exchange for consideration’. To apply this definition, the Group assesses whether the contract meets three
         key evaluations which are whether:

         –     the contract contains an identified asset, which is either explicitly identified in the contract or implicitly
               specified by being identified at the time the asset is made available to the Group;

         –     the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified asset
               throughout the period of use, considering its rights within the defined scope of the contract; and

         –     the Group has the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. The Group
               assesses whether it has the right to direct ‘how and for what purpose’ the asset is used throughout the period
               of use.

         Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
         At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the consolidated
         statement of financial position. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which is made up of the initial
         measurement of the lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs to
         dismantle and remove the underlying asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in advance of the
         lease commencement date (net of any lease incentives received).

         The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis from the lease commencement date to the
         earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease term unless the Group is
         reasonably certain to obtain ownership at the end of the lease term. The Group also assesses the right-of-use assets
         for impairment when such indicator exists.

         At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments unpaid
         at that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the
         Group’s incremental borrowing rate.

         Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed payments (including in-
         substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable payments based on an index or rate, and
         amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee. The lease payments also include the exercise
         price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payment of penalties for terminating
         a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate.

         Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for lease payments made and increased for interest
         cost on the lease liability. It is remeasured to reflect any reassessment or lease modification, or if there are changes
         in substance fixed payments.

         The Group has elected to account for short-term leases using the practical expedients. Instead of recognising a right-
         of-use asset and lease liability, the payments in relation to these leases are recognised as an expense in profit or loss
         on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 month or less. Short-
         term leases comprise office rental and car park rental. Low-value assets comprise of office rental.

         On the consolidation statement of financial position, right-of-use assets have been presented in separated line item.


                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.11 Leases (Continued)
            Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
            Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
            to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-
            use assets.

      2.12 Provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event,
            and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
            estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are
            stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

            All provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate.

            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
            reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
            more future uncertain events not wholly within the control of the Group, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
            unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

            An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the
            obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract. Provisions
            for onerous contracts are measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract
            and the net cost of fulfilling the contract (which includes both incremental costs and an allocation of other costs that
            relate directly to fulfilling that contract).

            Contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination which are present obligations at the date of acquisition are
            initially recognised at fair value, provided the fair value can be reliably measured. After the initial recognition at fair
            value, such contingent liabilities are recognised at the higher of the amount initially recognised, less accumulated
            amortisation where appropriate, and the amount that would be recognised in a comparable provision as described
            above. Contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that cannot be reliably fair valued or were not
            present obligations at the date of acquisition are disclosed as per above.

      2.13 Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Share capital is recognised at the amount of consideration of shares issued,
            after deducting any transaction costs associated with the issuing of shares (net of any related income tax benefit) to
            the extent they are incremental costs directly attributable to the equity transaction.

      2.14 Intangible assets (other than goodwill and digital assets)
            Acquired intangible assets are recognised initially at cost. After initial recognition, intangible assets with finite
            useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation
            for intangible assets with finite useful lives is provided on straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
            Amortisation commences when the intangible assets are available for use. The following useful lives are applied:

            Customer relationships                                     9 years
            Computer software                                          3 years

            The assets’ amortisation methods and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
            reporting period.

            Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

            Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment as described below in note 2.17.

88     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.15 Revenue recognition
         Revenue from contracts with customers
         Revenue arises mainly from the provision of financial services of licensed business, family office services business,
         money lending services, enterprise solution services, assets management services, insurance brokerage services and
         sales of apparel products.

         To determine whether to recognise revenue, the Group follows a 5-step process:

         1.    Identifying the contract with a customer

         2.    Identifying the performance obligations

         3.    Determining the transaction price

         4.    Allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations

         5.    Recognising revenue when/as performance obligation(s) are satisfied

         In all cases, the total transaction price for a contract is allocated amongst the various performance obligations based
         on their relative stand-alone selling prices. The transaction price for a contract excludes any amounts collected on
         behalf of third parties.

         Revenue is recognised either at a point in time or over time, when (or as) the Group satisfies performance obligations
         by transferring the promised goods or services to its customers.

         Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer
         for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the
         discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is
         accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which
         provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest
         expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method.

         Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

         Sale of apparel products and provision of supply chain management
         Revenue from trading of garment and accessories for private labels and international brands is recognised when
         control of the goods has transferred, being at the point the goods are delivered to the customer’s premise and the
         customer has accepted the goods, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance
         of the goods.

         Provision of supply chain management income is recognised at a point in time when the services is completed,
         according to the nature and terms of the contracts.




                                                                   DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.15 Revenue recognition (Continued)
            Provision of financial services of licensed business
            Provision of one-stop platform with full range of financial advisory services and securities brokerage business which
            are regulated activities in Hong Kong under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) and licensed
            assets management service business. A subsidiary in the Group is a licensed corporation under SFO for Types 1,
            4 and 6 regulated activities. Certain subsidiaries in the Group are licensed corporation with foreign regulation on
            providing assets management services. Income from the securities brokerage is recognised at a single point in time,
            i.e. on a trade date when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling and settlement fee income arising from
            broking services is recognised when the related services are rendered. Income from financial advisory services and
            assets management services are recognised progressively over time. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a
            performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct
            measurements of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining
            goods or services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of
            goods or services. Income from referral services and performance fee from investment management services are
            recognised at a point in time when the services is completed, according to the nature and terms of the contracts.
            There are no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the services. Insurance brokerage
            income is recognised at a point in time when the services is completed, according to the nature and terms of the
            contracts.

            Provision of family office services
            Provision of family office services with investment advisory, assets management and referral services, licensed under
            the SFO for Type 4 and 9 regulated activities. Referral income is recognised at a point in time when the services is
            completed, according to the nature and terms of the contracts. Investment advisory and assets management fee are
            recognised over time when the relevant services have been rendered which the customers simultaneously received
            and consumes the benefits provided. The progress towards completion satisfaction of a performance obligation is
            measured based on output methods.

            Provision of enterprise solutions services
            Provision of enterprise solutions service is recognised at a point in time when the services is completed, according to
            the nature and terms of the contracts.

            Cryptocurrency mining
            The Group engages in the provision of transaction verification services within cryptocurrency networks, commonly
            described as “cryptocurrency mining”. As consideration for these services, the Group receives cryptocurrency from
            the specific cryptocurrency mining pool in which it participates. A cryptocurrency is considered earned on the
            completion and addition of a block to the blockchain, at which time the economic benefit is received and can be
            reliably measured. Revenue is recognised and measured based on the fair value of the cryptocurrencies received. The
            fair value is determined using the spot price of the cryptocurrencies on the date of receipt.




90     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.15 Revenue recognition (Continued)
          Interest income
          Interest income generated from money lending business is included in revenue.

          Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
          management purposes. Any other interest income is included in “other gains/(losses), net” in profit or loss.

          Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method. For the financial assets
          measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying
          amount of the asset.

          Dividend income
          Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive the dividend is established.

     2.16 Digital assets
          Digital assets on hand at the end of the reporting period are accounted for under HKAS 38 Intangible Assets as
          an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life measured at cost, which is deemed to be the fair value upon
          receipt, less accumulated impairment losses. The Group has classified certain digital assets on hand at the end of
          the reporting period as current assets as management has determined that cryptocurrency markets have sufficient
          liquidity to allow conversion within the Group’s normal operating cycle and the Group expects to realise them
          within that cycle. Certain digital assets are classified as non-current assets as these are pledged to a third party
          and restricted to realise until the borrowings are fully settled. Details of borrowings are stated in note 34 to the
          consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.17 Impairment of non-financial assets
            The following assets are subject to impairment testing:

            •      Goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries;

            •      Intangible assets;

            •      Property, plant and equipment;

            •      Right-of-use assets;

            •      Investment in an associate using equity accounting;

            •      Digital assets; and

            •      The Company’s interests in subsidiaries.

            Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful life or those not yet available for use are tested for
            impairment at least annually, irrespective of whether there is any indication that they are impaired. All other assets
            are tested for impairment whenever there are indications that the asset’s carrying amount may not be recoverable.

            An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
            exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value, reflecting market conditions less
            costs of disposal, and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
            present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessment of time value of money and the
            risk specific to the asset.

            For the purposes of assessing impairment, where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of
            those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generate cash
            inflows independently (i.e. a CGU). As a result, some assets are tested individually for impairment and some are
            tested at CGUs level. Corporate assets are allocated to individual CGUs, when a reasonable and consistent basis of
            allocation can be identified, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable
            and consistent allocation basis can be identified. Goodwill in particular is allocated to those CGUs that are expected
            to benefit from synergies of the related business combination and represent the lowest level within the Group at
            which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purpose and not be larger than an operating segment.

            Impairment losses recognised for CGUs, to which goodwill has been allocated, are credited initially to the carrying
            amount of goodwill. Any remaining impairment loss is charged pro rata to the other assets in the CGUs, except that
            the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less cost of disposal, or value in use,
            if determinable.

            An impairment loss on goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods. In respect of other assets, an impairment loss
            is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount
            and only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
            determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

            Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period.
            This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had the impairment been assessed only
            at the end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.

92     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.18 Employee benefits
         Retirement benefits
         Retirement benefits to employees are provided through defined contribution plans. In addition, the employees
         employed under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance are also entitled to long service payment (“LSP”) if the
         eligibility criteria are met. The LSP are defined benefits plans.

         (a)   Defined contribution plans
               The Group joined a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF Scheme”), a defined contribution plan, for all
               employees in Hong Kong. Under the MPF Scheme, the Group makes monthly contribution based on 5% of the
               employees’ basic salaries which is subject to a cap of HK$1,500 for each employee to a privately administered
               pension insurance plan. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if
               the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the
               current and prior periods. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or
               a reduction in the future payments is available. Forfeited contributions will not be used by the employer to
               reduce the existing level of contributions. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees
               when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

               Pursuant to the government regulations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Group is required
               to contribute an amount to certain retirement benefit schemes based on the wages for the year of those
               employees in the PRC. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.

               The Group makes mandatory contributions to the Central Provident Fund in Singapore, a defined contribution
               scheme with individualised accounts fully funded by both employees and employers. The Group has no further
               payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. There are no forfeited contributions that may be
               used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

               Contribution to these defined contribution plans are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or
               loss and other comprehensive income as incurred. The Group has no further payment obligations once the
               contributions have been paid. There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the
               employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

         Short-term employee benefits
         Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the
         estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the reporting date.

         Non-accumulating compensated absences such as sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of
         leave.

         Bonus plans
         The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration the
         profit attributable to the owner of the Company after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where
         contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

         Termination benefits
         Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement
         date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises
         termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of current employees
         according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal or providing termination benefits as a result of
         an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than twelve months after the reporting
         date are discounted to present value.


                                                                   DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.19 Share-based payments
            (i)    Share options
                   The Group granted share options to its employees, external consultants and a supplier under its 2015 Share
                   Option Scheme. The vesting period for the share options granted are ranged between immediate vested to
                   one year according to the 2015 Share Option Scheme. The fair value of the share options is recognised as an
                   expense in profit or loss over the vesting period if vesting conditions apply, or recognised as an expense in
                   full at the grant date when the equity instruments granted vest immediately. If vesting conditions apply, the
                   expense is recognised over the vesting period, based on the best available estimate of the number of equity
                   instruments expected to vest. Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number
                   of equity instruments that are expected to become exercisable. Estimates are subsequently revised, if there is
                   any indication that the number of equity instruments expected to vest differs from previous estimates. Any
                   adjustment to cumulative share-based compensation resulting from a revision is recognised in the current
                   period. The number of vested options ultimately exercised by holders does not impact the expense recorded
                   in any period. At the time when the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share
                   options reserve will be transferred to share capital and share premium. When the share options are forfeited
                   after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in the
                   share options reserve will be transferred to retained earnings.

                   The amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the share options granted including
                   any market performance conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting
                   conditions and including the impact of any non-vesting conditions. Information relating to the 2015 Share
                   Option Scheme is set out in note 11.

            (ii)   Share awards
                   The Group also grants shares of the Company to employees under its share award scheme, under which the
                   awarded shares are purchased from the open market. The cost of share purchased from the open market is
                   recognised in equity as treasury stock. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the
                   grant of shares under the scheme is recognised as staff costs in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                   other comprehensive income with a corresponding adjustment in share reserve before vested.

      2.20 Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs, other than those directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
            assets, are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in the period
            in which they are incurred.




94     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.21 Accounting for income taxes
         Income tax comprises current tax and deferred tax.

         Current income tax assets and/or liabilities comprise those obligations to, or claims from, fiscal authorities relating to
         the current or prior reporting period, that are unpaid at the reporting date. They are calculated according to the tax
         rates and tax laws applicable to the fiscal periods to which they relate, based on the taxable profit for the year. All
         changes to current tax assets or liabilities are recognised as a component of tax expense in profit or loss.

         Deferred tax is calculated using the liability method on temporary differences at the reporting date between the
         carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax
         liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for all
         deductible temporary differences, tax losses available to be carried forward as well as other unused tax credits, to
         the extent that it is probable that taxable profit, including existing taxable temporary differences, will be available
         against which the deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilised.

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from initial
         recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither
         taxable nor accounting profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

         Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and an
         associate, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
         the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

         For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair value model,
         the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption
         is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is held within a business
         model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment property
         over time, rather than through sale, except for freehold land, which is always presumed to be recovered entirely
         through sale.

         For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies the
         requirements in HKAS 12 to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax
         asset related to the lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which
         the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026         95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.21 Accounting for income taxes (Continued)
            Deferred tax is calculated, without discounting, at tax rates that are expected to apply in the period the liability is
            settled or the asset realised, provided they are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

            Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognised in profit or loss, or in other comprehensive income or
            directly in equity if they relate to items that are charged or credited to other comprehensive income or directly in
            equity.

            When different tax rates apply to different levels of taxable income, deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
            using the average tax rates that are expected to apply to the taxable income of the periods in which the temporary
            differences are expected to reverse.

            The determination of the average tax rates requires an estimation of (i) when the existing temporary differences will
            reverse and (ii) the amount of future taxable profit in those years. The estimate of future taxable profit includes:

            –      income or loss excluding reversals of temporary differences; and

            –      reversals of existing temporary differences.

      2.22 Investment properties
            Investment properties are properties held either to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or for both, but not held-
            for-sales in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative
            purposes. These include land held for undetermined future use and property that are constructed or under
            development for future use as an investment properties.

            When the Group holds a property interest under an operating lease to earn rental income, which has met the
            definition of an investment properties, the Group should classify the property interest as an investment properties by
            using the fair value model.

            Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent to
            initial recognition, investment properties are measured at their fair values by using the fair value models.




96     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.23 Segment reporting
         The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular internal financial
         information reported to the executive directors for their decisions about resources allocation to the Group’s business
         components and for their review of the performance of those components. The business components in the internal
         financial information reported to the executive directors are determined following the Group’s major product and
         service lines.

         The measurement policies the Group used for reporting segment results under HKFRS 8 “Operating Segments” are the
         same as those used in its consolidated financial statements prepared under HKFRS Accounting Standards, except that
         the following items are not included in arriving at the operating results of the operating segment:

         •     income tax;

         •     changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL (excluding financial assets at FVTPL in reportable and
               operating segments);

         •     corporate income and expenses which are not directly attributable to the business activities of any operating
               segment;

         •     certain net gains on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL;

         •     certain finance income;

         •     certain finance costs; and

         •     certain depreciation of right-of-use assets.

         Segment assets include all assets with the exception of certain financial assets at FVTPL, investment in an associate
         and other corporate assets. In addition, corporate assets which are not directly attributable to the business activities
         of any reportable segment are not allocated to a segment, which primarily applies to the Group’s headquarter.

         Segment liabilities include contract liabilities, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, income tax payable and
         bank and other borrowings managed directly by the segments with exception of promissory note payables, bonds
         payable, convertible bonds and other corporate liabilities.

         No asymmetrical allocations have been applied to reportable segments.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      2.24 Related parties
            For the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, a party is considered to be related to the Group if:

            (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and if that person:

                   (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                   (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                   (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

            (b)    the party is an entity and if any of the following conditions applies:

                   (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group.

                   (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                           member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                   (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party.

                   (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                   (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                           entity related to the Group.

                   (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                   (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                           management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                   (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services
                          to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

            Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
            influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




98     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2026

3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are effective for annual periods beginning on 1 April
     2025
     In the current year, the Group has adopted for the first time the following amendment to HKFRS Accounting Standards
     issued by the HKICPA, which are relevant to the Group’s operations and effective for the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements for the annual period beginning on 1 April 2025:

     Amendments to HKAS 21                              Lack of Exchangeability
     Amendments to Illustrative Examples on             Disclosures about Uncertainties in the Financial Statements
       HKFRS 7, HKFRS 18, HKAS 1, HKAS 8,
       HKAS 36 and HKAS 37

     The application of the amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in the current year had no material impact on how the
     results and financial position for the current and prior periods have been prepared and presented.

     New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but are not yet effective
     At the date of authorisation of these consolidated financial statements, certain new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting
     Standards have been published but are not yet effective:

     HKFRS 18                                           Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                  Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments2
     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                  Contracts Referencing Nature – dependent Electricity2
     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint
                                                          Venture1
     Amendments to HKAS 21                              Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
     Amendments to HK Int 5                             Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements –
                                                          Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment
                                                          of Demand Clause3
     Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,           Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 112
       HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7

     1    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
     3    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     Except for the new HKFRS Accounting Standards mentioned below, the Directors anticipate that all of the pronouncements
     will be adopted in the Group’s accounting policy for the first period beginning on or after the effective date of the
     pronouncement. The above new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards are not expected to have a material
     impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

3.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
      HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
      HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and
      disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new HKFRS, while
      carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and
      defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures
      in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the
      financial statements. In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to HKAS 8 and HKFRS 7. Minor amendments
      to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and HKAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

      The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures
      in the future financial statements, even though it will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in the financial
      statement. The Group is in the process of assessing the detailed impact of HKFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial
      statements and will apply it from its mandatory effective date of 1 January 2027 and retrospective application is required.

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
      expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

      4.1 Critical accounting judgements
            Determination of consolidation scope
            The Group set up certain investment funds in which the Group is an investor and also the fund manager. The Group
            has decision-making authority and power over the relevant activities of the fund because the Group, acting as the
            fund manager, can decide which investments the fund should acquire or dispose of. All facts and circumstances are
            taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor, controls the investment funds.

            The principle of control sets out the following three elements of control, (a) power over the investment funds, (b)
            exposure, or rights, to variable returns from involvement with the investment funds, and (c) the ability to use power
            over the investment funds to affect the amount of the investor’s returns. The Group’s initial assessment of control
            or its status as a principal or an agent would not change simply because of a change in market conditions (e.g. a
            change in the investee’s returns driven by market conditions), unless the change in market conditions changes one
            or more of the three elements of control listed above or changes the overall relationship between a principal and
            an agent. For these investment funds, the Group assesses whether (i) there are any other holders in these investment
            funds which have practical ability to remove the Group, and prevent the Group to direct the relevant activities of the
            investment funds, and (ii) the combination of investments it held together with its remuneration creates exposure to
            variability of returns from the activities of the investment funds.

            As at 31 March 2026, the directors of the Company concluded that the Group has no control of and acted as agent
            for all the investment funds. Details of these investment funds are disclosed in notes 21 and 45 to the consolidated
            financial statements.




100    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2026

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     4.1 Critical accounting judgements (Continued)
          Deferred taxation on investment properties
          For the purposes of measuring deferred tax arising from investment properties that are measured using the fair value
          model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s investment properties portfolios and concluded that
          the Group’s investment properties are not held under a business model whose objective is to consume substantially
          all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment properties over time. Therefore, in determining the
          deferred taxation on investment properties, the directors of the Company have determined that the presumption
          that the carrying amounts of investment properties measured using the fair value model are recovered entirely
          through sale is not rebutted. The Group has not recognised any deferred tax on changes in fair value of investment
          properties as the Group is not subject to any income taxes on the fair value changes of the investment properties on
          disposal.

          Accounting for digital assets
          HKFRS Accounting Standards do not specifically address accounting for digital assets. Accordingly, for the preparation
          of the consolidated financial statements, management needs to apply judgement in determining appropriate
          accounting policies based on the facts and circumstances of the Group’s acquisition and holding of digital assets.

          Given the Group’s purpose for holding digital assets, management considered that digital assets purchased and held
          by the Group should be accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets and measured under the cost model. In
          determining fair values used for impairment tests, management needs to apply judgment to identify the relevant
          available markets for trading of digital assets, and to consider accessibility to and activity within those markets in
          order to identify the principal digital assets markets to ascertain the respective fair market values.

          Details of these digital assets are disclosed in note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.

          Control over DL Global Opportunities SP (the “DL Global Fund”)
          The Group needs to make significant judgement on whether DL Global Fund is under the Group’s control and shall
          be consolidated. Such judgement may affect accounting methods as well as the consolidated financial position and
          operating results of the Group.

          When assessing control, the Group considers: (a) power over the investee, (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns
          from involvement with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of the
          investor’s returns

          When judging the level of the control over the structured entity, the Group considers the following elements:

          (i)     the Group invested in DL Global Fund with primary objectives for capital appreciation, investment gains and
                  selling in the near future for profit;

          (ii)    DL Global Fund is set up and managed the Group who has the power and authority to manage and make
                  decisions for DL Global Fund; and

          (iii)   the related contractual arrangements.




                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
      4.1 Critical accounting judgements (Continued)
            Control over DL Global Fund (Continued)
            When assessing whether there is control over the structure entity, the Group also considers whether the decisions it
            makes are as a principal or as an agent. Aspects of consideration include the decision-marking scope over DL Global
            Fund, substantive rights of third party investors, rewards of the Group, and the risks of underlying variable returns
            from owning other benefits of the structured entity.

            All facts and circumstances have been taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an
            investor controls the investee.

            For investment fund which the Group involves as the holder of management shares and also as investor, the Group
            assesses the following:

            (a)    the Group is acting as an agent or a principal in the DL Global Fund;

            (b)    substantive removal rights held by other parties may remove the Group as the holder of management shares;
                   and

            (c)    the interest in DL Global Fund held together with its remuneration from servicing and managing the interest
                   in DL Global Fund create significant exposure to variability of returns that is of such significance that indicates
                   the Group is a principal.

            In the opinion of the directors, the variable returns that the Group is exposed to with respect to the DL Global Fund
            are significant and the Group is primarily acting as a principal and not subject to substantive removal rights held by
            other parties who may remove the Group as the holder of management shares. Therefore, the interest in DL Global
            Fund is consolidated as the Group has control. Details of the DL Global Fund are disclosed in the note 38 to the
            consolidated financial statements.

            Investment in Youngtimers AG (“YTME”), a listed equity security in SIX Swiss Exchange
            During the year, the Group entered into a subscription agreement for subscription of a certain number of bearer
            shares in YTME at a consideration of US$10 million (equivalents to approximately HK$78,000,000). Upon completion
            and as at the reporting date, the Group has approximately 10% voting right in YTME. The Group shall entitle to
            nominate one individual as director to the board of YTME subject to the approval of the shareholders of YTME. As
            such, one executive director of the Company has been elected as a member of the board of directors of YTME.

            Under HKAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures , significant influence is the power to participate in the
            financial and operating policy decisions of the investee (but is not control or joint control of those policies). HKAS
            28 establishes a rebuttable presumption that an investor holding less than 20% of the voting power does not have
            significant influence, unless such influence can be clearly demonstrated.

            In making the judgement, the directors of the Company have assessed all facts and circumstances and concluded
            that significant influence does not exist. Although one board seat is present, this alone is insufficient to clearly
            demonstrate the power to participate in financial and operating policy decisions. In particular: (i) board decisions
            require a majority, so a single representative cannot determine or block key policies; (ii) there is no contractual right
            to appoint additional directors, no participation in dividend or other distribution decisions beyond ordinary board
            attendance, no material transactions between the Group and the investee, no interchange of managerial personnel,
            and no provision of essential technical information; (iii) the investment is held primarily for capital appreciation
            and/or dividend income rather than for strategic influence over YTME’s policies, (iv) the board seat functions
            essentially as an information obtaining right rather than a means of participating in policy-making.

102    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2026

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     4.1 Critical accounting judgements (Continued)
          Investment in Youngtimers AG (“YTME), a listed equity security in SIX Swiss Exchange (Continued)
          Consequently, the presumption in HKAS 28 that holdings below 20% do not confer significant influence has not been
          rebutted. The investment falls outside the scope of HKAS 28 and is accounted for as a financial asset under HKFRS 9.
          The investment is classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

          Accounting for cryptocurrency mining
          There is currently no specific definitive guidance in HKFRS Accounting Standards or alternative accounting
          frameworks for accounting for cryptocurrency mining. Management has exercised significant judgement in
          determining the appropriate accounting treatment. Management has examinated various factors surrounding the
          substance of the operation and determined that revenue should be recognised as the fair value of cryptocurrencies
          received in exchange for cryptocurrency mining services on the date that the cryptocurrencies are received. In the
          event authoritative guidance is issued by the HKICPA, the Group may be required to change its accounting policies,
          which could have a material effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

          Useful life of cryptocurrency mining machines
          The cryptocurrency mining machines are used to generate cryptocurrencies. The rate at which the Group generates
          cryptocurrencies and therefore, consumes the economic benefits of its cryptocurrency mining machines is influenced
          by several factors including, but not limited to, the following:

          •     the complexity of the cryptocurrency mining process, which is driven by the algorithms contained within the
                cryptocurrencies open-source software; and
          •     technological obsolescence reflecting rapid development in the mining machines such that more recently
                developed hardware is more economically efficient to run in terms of cryptocurrencies mined as a function
                of operating costs, primarily power costs (i.e. the speed of cryptocurrency mining machines evolution in
                the industry), since later cryptocurrency mining machines models generally have faster processing capacity
                combined with lower operating costs and lower costs of purchases.

          Based on the Group’s and the industry’s limited history to date, management is limited by the market data available.
          Furthermore, the data available includes that derived from the use of economic modelling to forecast future digital
          assets and the assumptions used in such forecasts, including cryptocurrency network difficulty and market price, are
          inherently judgmental. Based on current data available, management has determined that the straight-line method
          of depreciation and an estimated useful life of four years best reflect the pattern in which the economic benefits of
          the Group’s cryptocurrency mining machines are expected to be consumed by the Group. Management reassesses the
          depreciation method, depreciation rate and the appropriateness of its assumptions relating to residual values at each
          reporting date when data becomes available.

     4.2 Estimation uncertainty
          The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
          definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
          causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
          discussed below:




                                                                   DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
      4.2 Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
            Fair value of financial instruments and investment in an associate measured at FVTPL
            Financial instruments at FVTPL and FVTOCI and investment in an associate measured at FVTPL are measured at
            fair value at the reporting date. For part of the financial instruments, quoted market prices are readily available.
            However, the determination of fair value for other financial instruments and investment in an associate for
            which there is no observable market price, requires the use of valuation technique. For financial instruments that
            trade infrequently and have little price transparency, fair value is less objective, and requires varying degrees of
            judgement depending on liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of market factors, pricing assumptions and other risks
            affecting the specific asset or instrument. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could result in material
            adjustments to the fair value of these instruments. Details of fair value measurements are disclosed in note 47(g) to
            the consolidated financial statements.

            Estimation of impairment of trade and other receivables, loan and interest receivables, promissory notes
            receivables, debt instruments at FVTOCI and other financial assets measured at amortised cost within the
            scope of ECL under HKFRS 9
            The Group makes allowances on items subjects to ECL (including trade and other receivables, loan and interest
            receivables, promissory notes receivables, debt instruments at FVTOCI and other financial assets measured at
            amortised cost) based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement
            in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past
            history, existing market conditions as well as forward-looking information at the end of each reporting period as
            set out in note 2.9. As at 31 March 2026, the aggregate carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, loan and
            interest receivables, promissory notes receivables, debt instruments at FVTOCI and other financial assets measured at
            amortised cost amounted to HK$300,670,000 (2025: HK$288,629,000) (net of ECL allowance of HK$1,043,000 (2025:
            HK$898,000)), HK$196,269,000 (2025: HK$162,940,000) (net of ECL allowance of HK$5,212,000 (2025: HK$3,741,000)),
            HK$Nil (2025: HK$75,478,000), HK$3,045,000 (2025: HK$2,720,000) and HK$525,300,000 (2025: HK$90,008,000)
            respectively.

            Details of the ECL assessment are disclosed in the note 47(d) to the consolidated financial statements.

            When the actual future cash flows are different from expected, such difference will impact the carrying amount of
            trade and other receivables, loan and interest receivables, promissory notes receivables, debt instruments at FVTOCI
            and other financial assets measured at amortised cost within the scope of ECL under HKFRS 9 and credit losses in the
            periods in which such estimate has been changed.




104    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2026

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     4.2 Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
          Income tax
          The Group is subject to income taxes in jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Significant judgement is required
          in determining the provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
          tax determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
          initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the year in which such
          determination is made. Details of income tax are set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

          Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses that are recognised when
          management considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary
          differences or tax losses can be utilised. The nature of their actual utilisation may be different.

          Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
          The Group tests annually whether goodwill and intangible assets has suffered any impairment in accordance with the
          accounting policy stated in note 2.17, respectively. The recoverable amounts of CGUs have been determined based on
          value-in-use calculations. These calculations require the use of estimates about (i) compound annual growth rate of
          revenue, (ii) earnings before income tax, (iii) average trade receivables turnover days, (iv) long-term growth rate, and
          (v) pre-tax discount rate. In the process of estimating expected future cash flows management makes assumptions
          about future revenues and profits. These assumptions relate to future events and circumstances. The actual results
          may vary and may cause a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of goodwill and intangible assets within the
          next financial year. Determining the appropriate discount rate involves estimating the appropriate adjustment for
          market risk and for asset specific risk factors.

          As at 31 March 2026, the carrying amounts of goodwill and intangible assets are HK$226,430,000 (2025:
          HK$226,430,000) and HK$79,004,000 (2025: HK$86,379,000), respectively. No impairment loss on goodwill and
          intangible assets was recognised during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.

          Fair value measurement of investment properties
          Investment properties are carried at fair value at the end of each reporting period. In determining the fair value, the
          valuer uses the most relevant valuation techniques involving certain estimates of market conditions and utilisation
          of market observable inputs and data as far as possible. The key inputs used in the fair value measurement are
          categorised into different levels based on how observable of the key inputs used in the valuation techniques are: (i)
          Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (unadjusted); (ii) Level 2: Observable direct or indirect
          inputs other than Level 1 inputs; and (iii) Level 3: Unobservable inputs (i.e. not derived from market data). The
          classification of an item into the above levels is based on the lowest level of the key inputs used that has a significant
          effect on the fair value measurement. Transfer of items between levels are recognised in the period as they occur.

          For more information in relation to the fair value measurement of the investment properties, please refer to note 18
          to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
      4.2 Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
              Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and investment in an associate measured
              using equity accounting
              Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and investment in an associate measured using equity accounting
              are stated at costs less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is
              impaired, the Group has to exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event
              has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying amount of an asset can be
              supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which
              are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied
              in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it
              is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group
              estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the assets belongs.

              Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow
              projections, could materially affect the net present value used in the impairment test.

              As at 31 March 2026, the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and investment
              in an associate measured using equity accounting are HK$622,970,000 (2025: HK$7,380,000), HK$24,195,000 (2025:
              HK$34,579,000) and HK$Nil (2025: HK$97,734,000), respectively. No impairment loss has been recognised during the
              years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular internal financial
      information reported to the executive directors (i.e. the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”)) for their decisions about
      resources allocation to the Group’s business components and for their review of the performance of those components. The
      business components in the internal financial information reported to the executive directors are determined following the
      Group’s major product and service lines.

      The Group has identified the following reportable segments for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025:

      •       Financial services of licensed business – provision of financial advisory services; securities research services;
              securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; and investment management,
              advisory services and insurance brokerage services;

      •       Family office services business – provision of family office services, investment advisory, assets management services
              and referral services for ultra-high net worth families;

      •       Money lending services – provision of equity pledge financing services and money lending services to the customers;

      •       Sale of apparel products – sale of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions to
              customers;

      •       Enterprise solutions services – provision of global identity planning and wealth inheritance consultancy services, and
              other business consultancy services; and

      •       Digital finance – cryptocurrency mining activities.




106       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2026

5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Each of these reportable segments is managed separately as each of the product and service lines requires different
     resources as well as marketing approaches. All inter-segment transfers are carried out at arm’s length prices.

     For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group’s CODM
     monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

     Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to the revenue generated by those segments
     and the expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arise from the depreciation, finance income, finance
     costs, ECL of trade receivables, ECL of loan and interest receivables, net gains on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL
     (related to segment of enterprise solutions services) and net fair value gains/(losses) on financial asset at FVTPL (related to
     segment of enterprise solutions services) and impairment loss on digital assets (related to segment of digital finance).

     Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL (excluding financial assets at FVTPL in reportable and operating
     segments), fair value gains from an associate at FVTPL, fair value gain on investment properties, certain finance income,
     certain finance costs, certain depreciation of right-of-use assets and unallocated corporate expenses are not included in the
     result for each reportable segment.

     Segment assets include all assets with the exception of financial assets at FVTPL and other corporate assets.

     Segment liabilities include contract liabilities, trade and other payables, lease liabilities, income tax payable and bank
     and other borrowings managed directly by the segments with exception of promissory notes payables, bonds payable,
     convertible bonds and other corporate liabilities.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines and timing of revenue
      recognition are as follows:

                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000

      Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15
      Disaggregated by major products or service lines
      – Provision of financial services of licensed business (note)                      112,865               101,431
      – Provision of family office services                                               56,771                53,338
      – Provision of supply chain management                                               4,450                 5,100
      – Provision of enterprise solutions services                                        10,862                 9,187
      – Revenue from cryptocurrency mining                                               117,516                     –
                                                                                         302,464               169,056

      Revenue from other sources
      – Interest income from provision of money lending services                          14,401                12,714
      – Interest income from provision of margin financing services                        6,820                 7,890
                                                                                          21,221                20,604
                                                                                         323,685               189,660


      Disaggregated by timing of revenue recognition under HKFRS 15

                                                                     2026                           2025
                                                              HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                            At a point                       At a point
                                                             Over time         in time     Over time            in time

      Provision of financial services of
        licensed business                                       17,525         95,340         26,317            75,114
      Provision of family office services                       38,959         17,812         33,933            19,405
      Provision of supply chain management                           –          4,450              –             5,100
      Provision of enterprise solutions services                 4,562          6,300          1,105             8,082
      Revenue from cryptocurrency mining                             –        117,516              –                 –
                                                                61,046        241,418         61,355           107,701




108    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2026

5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The Group applied the practical expedient in HKFRS15.94 and therefore expensed the incremental costs of obtaining a
     contract if the amortisation period is one year or less.

     Note:


                                                                                                                                   2026                          2025
                                                                                                                                HK$’000                       HK$’000

     Revenue from provision of financial services of licensed business
     Service fee income from financial advisory services and investment management services                                      39,730                        68,763
     Commission and brokerage arising on securities dealing                                                                       7,545                         4,691
     Commission and brokerage from insurance brokerage services                                                                  65,590                        27,977

                                                                                                                                112,865                       101,431


     The segment information provided to the CODM for the reportable segments for the year ended 31 March 2026 is as
     follows:

                                                                Financial     Family
                                                               services of     office       Money      Sales of   Enterprise                         Inter-
                                                                 licensed    services      lending     apparel     solutions        Digital       company
                                                                 business    business     services    products      services       finance     elimination       Total
                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000
     Revenue
        – From external customers                                119,685      56,771       14,401        4,450       10,862       117,516                –     323,685
        – Inter-segment revenue                                      876       2,160            –            –        1,040             –           (4,076)          –
     Reportable segment revenue                                  120,561      58,931       14,401        4,450       11,902       117,516           (4,076)    323,685
     Reportable segment profit/(loss)                             18,069      12,940        2,624          292       (5,389)      (28,207)               –         329
     Finance income                                                                                                                                              8,727
     Unallocated other gains, net
         – Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                                   154,218
         – Fair value gain from an associate measured
             at FVTPL                                                                                                                                          241,907
     Fair value gains on derivative components in
         relation to the convertible bonds                                                                                                                        7,254
     Fair value gains on investment properties                                                                                                                    8,080
     Share of results of consolidated structured entity
         attributable to third party investors                                                                                                                  (10,646)
     Corporate and other unallocated expenses
         including depreciation of right-of use assets of
         HK$6,941,000                                                                                                                                           (26,835)
     Finance costs                                                                                                                                              (11,166)
     Profit before income tax                                                                                                                                  371,868
     Other information:
     Net fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL                 –           –            –           –       (8,801)              –              –        (8,801)
     Impairment loss on digital assets                                  –           –            –           –             –         (7,422)             –        (7,422)
     Finance income                                                 1,325          63            3           –             2              –              –         1,393
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                   (906)       (540)        (109)        (35)          (27)      (45,969)              –      (47,586)
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                –           –       (3,443)          –             –              –              –        (3,443)
     (Provision for)/reversal of ECL on
         – trade receivables                                         (376)         (62)          –           –          282              –               –         (156)
         – loan and interest receivables                                –            –      (1,471)          –            –              –               –       (1,471)
     Finance costs                                                 (1,709)           –        (903)          –            –         (1,801)              –       (4,413)
     Income tax credit/(expense)                                     (486)     (1,241)        (941)          3         (131)        (3,370)              –       (6,166)




                                                                                              DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      The segment information provided to the CODM for the reportable segments for the year ended 31 March 2025 is as
      follows:

                                                                Financial      Family
                                                               services of      office    Money       Sales of   Enterprise       Inter-
                                                                 licensed     services   lending      apparel     solutions    company
                                                                 business    business    services    products      services elimination       Total
                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

      Revenue
        – From external customers                                109,321      53,338      12,714        5,100        9,187             –    189,660
        – Inter-segment revenue                                    1,026       4,320           –            –            –        (5,346)         –
      Reportable segment revenue                                 110,347      57,658      12,714        5,100        9,187        (5,346)   189,660
      Reportable segment profit/(loss)                             25,295     12,383      12,061       (1,753)     (18,314)       1,000      30,672
      Finance income                                                                                                                          1,912
      Unallocated other gains, net
         – Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                 26,356
      Corporate and other unallocated expenses including
         depreciation of right-of use assets of HK$6,590,000                                                                                (66,437)
      Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (note 44.3)                                                                                          168,168
      Finance costs                                                                                                                         (23,367)
      Profit before income tax                                                                                                              137,304

      Other information:
      Net gains on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL               –           –           –           –          539             –        539
      Net fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL                –           –           –           –       (3,999)            –     (3,999)
      Finance income                                                  948          59           9           –            4             –      1,020
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                  (934)       (308)       (109)        (64)         (65)            –     (1,480)
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               –           –      (2,856)       (137)           –             –     (2,993)
      Reversal of/(provision for) ECL on
         – trade receivables                                        1,912         124           –           –         (316)            –      1,720
         – loan and interest receivables                                –           –       4,623           –            –             –      4,623
      Finance costs                                                (3,153)          –      (3,472)          –            –             –     (6,625)
      Income tax credit/(expense)                                   1,599      (1,575)       (340)          7          101             –       (208)




110    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 March 2026

5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                        Financial       Family                                                      Unallocated
                                       services of       office    Money       Sales of    Enterprise                 corporate        Inter-
                                         licensed     services    lending      apparel      solutions       Digital      assets/    company
                                         business     business    services    products       services      finance (liabilities) elimination          Total
                                          HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000

     As at 31 March 2026
     Reportable segment assets           495,816      169,590     201,851       30,701       169,802       810,294    3,326,467     (1,850,175)   3,354,346
     Reportable segment liabilities      (260,093)     (16,625)   (161,181)     (4,395)     (113,814)     (841,860)    (802,298)    1,567,343      (632,923)
     Additions to non-current assets             –         386           –            –       12,905       768,818      501,975              –    1,284,084

     As at 31 March 2025
     Reportable segment assets            394,049      170,490     171,905      30,477       202,234             –      867,765       (547,095)   1,289,925
     Reportable segment liabilities       (171,303)    (15,772)   (132,918)      (4,465)     (119,188)           –      (327,889)      429,403     (342,132)
     Additions to non-current assets         2,471       1,318      10,374         140             69            –      201,284              –      215,656


     Revenue from external customers is analysed by region as follows:

                                                                                                            2026                      2025
                                                                                                         HK$’000                    HK$’000

     Revenue from provision of financial services of licensed business
       (including interest income from provision of margin financing services):
       – Hong Kong                                                                                       106,982                      92,011
       – Cayman Islands                                                                                   12,703                      18,281
                                                                                                         119,685                    110,292

     Revenue from provision of family office services business:
       – Hong Kong                                                                                        56,771                      53,338
     Revenue from provision of money lending services:
       – Hong Kong                                                                                        14,401                      12,714
     Revenue from provision of supply chain management:
       – Hong Kong                                                                                         4,450                       5,100
     Revenue from provision of enterprise solutions services:
       – Hong Kong                                                                                         5,306                       5,012
       – PRC                                                                                               5,556                       3,204
                                                                                                          10,862                       8,216
     Revenue from cryptocurrency mining:
       – Overseas                                                                                        117,516                            –
                                                                                                         323,685                    189,660




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026               111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Geographical information
      The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided or the goods were
      delivered. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the assets, in
      the case of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets; and the location of the operations to which they are
      allocated, in the case of intangible assets and goodwill and investment in an associate and digital assets. Specified non-
      current assets do not include deferred tax assets and financial instruments for the purpose of geographical information
      disclosure.

      The Group’s operations are principally located in Hong Kong and overseas.

      The Group’s information about its specified non-current assets by geographical locations are detailed below:

                                                                                                       Specified non-current assets
                                                                                                               2026                 2025
                                                                                                           HK$’000               HK$’000

      Hong Kong                                                                                             752,990                 452,420
      Overseas                                                                                              708,198                  12,042
                                                                                                          1,461,188                 464,462


      Revenue individually generated from the following customers contributed more than 10% of the total revenue of the
      Group:

                                                                                                               2026                   2025
                                                                                                            HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Customer A (note (a))                                                                                 117,516                     N/A
      Customer B (note (b))                                                                                     N/A*                 20,507


      Notes:
      (a)      During the year ended 31 March 2026, revenue from new customer A of the Group’s segment of digital finance amounted to
               HK$117,516,000, which represented approximately 36% of the Group’s consolidated revenue.


      (b)      During the year ended 31 March 2025, revenue from customer B of the Group’s segment of financial services of licensed business
               amounted to HK$20,507,000, which represented approximately 11% of the Group’s consolidated revenue.


      *        Revenue from this customer is less than 10% of total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2026.


      Liabilities related to contracts with customers
      The consideration received in advance as prepayments from customers amounting to HK$75,000 (2025: HK$447,000) is for
      investment management service (note 32). The contract liabilities of HK$75,000 (2025: HK$447,000) are to be recognised in
      its normal operating cycle.

                                                                                                               2026                   2025
                                                                                                            HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
        at the beginning of the year                                                                             447                     179



112       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 March 2026

6.   OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES), NET

                                                                                                          2026                    2025
                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000

     Net gains on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL                                                     –                       539
     Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                                 145,417                    22,357
     Fair value gain from an associate measured at FVTPL (note 24)                                     241,907                         –
     Fair value gains on derivative components in relation to
       the convertible bonds (note 35)                                                                    7,254                       –
     Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (note 44.3)                                                             –                 168,168
     Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL                                                           –                   1,281
     Government grants                                                                                       27                      22
     Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                                   (269)                     89
     Income from financial guarantee issued (note (a))                                                      900                   1,741
     Fair value gains on investment properties (note 18)                                                  8,080                   1,151
     Share of results of consolidated structured entity attributable to
       third party investors (note 38)                                                                  (10,646)                       –
     Impairment loss on digital assets (note 25)                                                          (7,422)                      –
     Reversal of over-provision of expenses in prior years                                                 3,156                       –
     Rental income                                                                                         2,818                       –
     Others                                                                                                5,795                     763
                                                                                                       397,017                  196,111


     Note:


     (a)     On 12 April 2024, the guarantee agreements were entered into among the Company, as guarantor, five borrowers who are limited
             companies incorporated in BVI and being the investment vehicles wholly-owned by a limited partnership fund managed by
             a subsidiary of the Company, and Banco Delta Asia S.A., as the lender, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to provide
             guarantees of an aggregate maximum amount of HK$180,000,000 for the borrowers’ obligations. During the year ended 31 March
             2026, income from financial guarantee of approximately HK$900,000 (2025: HK$1,741,000) was receivable from the limited
             partnership fund.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

7.    EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                                        2026                    2025
                                                                                                     HK$’000                  HK$’000

      Amortisation of intangible assets (note 19)                                                       9,936                    9,667
      Auditor’s remuneration
        – Audit services                                                                                1,500                    1,150
        – Non-audit services                                                                              350                      250
      Computer expense                                                                                  3,501                    6,732
      Consultancy fees                                                                                  8,030                   16,954
      Cost of services                                                                                 56,107                   50,745
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                          47,586                    1,480
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                    10,384                    9,583
      Donations                                                                                         1,147                      394
      Entertainment                                                                                     2,753                    5,098
      Provision for/(reversal of) ECL on trade receivables, net (note 26)                                 156                   (1,720)
      Provision for/(reversal of) ECL on loan and interest receivables, net (note 28)                   1,471                   (4,623)
      ECL of receivables, net                                                                           1,627                   (6,343)
      Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments) (note 8)                             81,906                   71,195
      Legal and professional fees                                                                       9,630                   10,225
      Written off of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                –                        2
      Equity-settled share-based payment (note 44.1)                                                        –                   23,340


8.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)

                                                                                                        2026                    2025
                                                                                                     HK$’000                  HK$’000

      Salaries, bonus and other short-term employee benefits                                           78,429                   67,852
      Share awards granted to employees and directors                                                   1,011                    1,058
      (Reversal of)/provision for unutilised annual leave                                                 (55)                       6
      Pension costs – defined contribution plans (note)                                                 2,521                    2,279
                                                                                                       81,906                   71,195


      Note: As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension
            schemes in future years.




114    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2026

9.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
     Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1) of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, are
     as follows:

                                                        Emoluments paid or payable in respect of a person’s services as a
                                                         director, whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertakings
                                                                                                  Employer’s
                                                                                                contribution
                                                                                                         to a
                                                                                        Share-    retirement
                                                                                        based         benefit
                                                              Fees       Salaries    payments         scheme         Total
                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000

     Year ended 31 March 2026

     Executive directors
     Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”) (note (i))                1,772               –              –              –           1,772
     Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay (“Mr. Lang”) (note (i))       1,200               –              –             18           1,218
     Mr. Ai Kuiyu (“Mr. Ai”) (note (i))                     3,117               –              –             18           3,135
     Ms. He Zhiying (“Ms He”) (note (i))                    1,337               –              –              –           1,337

     Non-executive directors
     Mr. Chan Kwan (note (ii))                                108               –              –              –            108
     Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek (note (iii))                      72               –              –              –             72
     Mr. Wang Yiding                                          216               –              –              –            216
     Mr. Qiao Linjian (note (v))                               42               –              –              –             42

     Independent non-executive directors
     Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                   180               –              –              –            180
     Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien                                      180               –              –              –            180
     Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (note (iv))                               56               –              –              –             56
     Mr. Liu Chun                                             180               –              –              –            180
                                                            8,460               –              –             36           8,496




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026     115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

9.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                   Emoluments paid or payable in respect of a person’s services as a
                                                                    director, whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertakings
                                                                                                               Employer’s
                                                                                                             contribution
                                                                                                                      to a
                                                                                                   Share-      retirement
                                                                                                   based           benefit
                                                                        Fees       Salaries     payments           scheme          Total
                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000

      Year ended 31 March 2025

      Executive directors
      Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”) (note (i))                         1,530                 –                –                5       1,535
      Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay (“Mr. Lang”) (note (i))                1,200                 –                –               18       1,218
      Mr. Ai Kuiyu (“Mr. Ai”) (note (i))                              1,800                 –                –               18       1,818
      Ms. He Zhiying (“Ms He”) (note (i))                             1,200                 –                –                –       1,200

      Non-executive directors
      Mr. Chan Kwan                                                     216                 –                –               –          216
      Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                           216                 –                –               –          216
      Mr. Wang Yiding                                                   216                 –                –               –          216

      Independent non-executive directors
      Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                            180                 –                –               –          180
      Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien                                               180                 –                –               –          180
      Mr. Li Xiaoxiao                                                   180                 –                –               –          180
      Mr. Liu Chun                                                      180                 –                –               –          180
                                                                      7,098                 –                –               41       7,139


      Notes:


      (i)      The remuneration shown above included remuneration received from the Group by the directors in their capacity as employees of
               the Company or its subsidiaries during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.


      (ii)     Mr. Chan Kwan was resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 29 September 2025.


      (iii)    Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek was resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 31 July 2025.


      (iv)     Mr. Li Xiaoxiao was resigned as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 23 July 2025.


      (v)      Mr. Qiao Linjian was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 19 January 2026.


      During the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025, there were no retirement benefits paid to directors in respect of the
      services as a director of the Company and its subsidiaries.




116     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

9.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     During the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025, there was no benefits provided for early termination of the directors’
     appointment in office.

     No consideration was provided to third parties for making available of directors’ services during the years ended 31 March
     2026 and 2025.

     No emoluments were paid by the Group to any directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
     compensation for loss of office during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.

     During the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025, there was no arrangement in relation to loans, quasi-loans and other
     dealings between the Group and the directors, bodies corporate controlled by directors and entities connected with
     directors.

     For significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to Group’s business to which the Company was a party
     and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
     year or at any time during the year, please refer to note 42 to the consolidated financial statements.

     There were no arrangements under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the years ended
     31 March 2026 and 2025.

     The value of share options granted to directors is measured according to the Group’s accounting policy for share-based
     compensation set out in note 2.19. The details of these benefits in kind including the principal terms and number of
     options granted are disclosed under the section headed “Report of the Directors-2015 Share Option Scheme” in the
     2025/2026 annual report and note 11.

10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS
     The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include 2 (2025: 1) directors and
     executives whose emoluments were reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments paid to the remaining 3
     (2025: 4) individuals during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000

     Basic salaries, housing allowances and other allowances                                       6,893                   7,075
     Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                       54                      54
                                                                                                   6,947                   7,129


     The emoluments of the remaining individuals fell within the following band during the years ended 31 March 2026 and
     2025:

                                                                                                    2026                    2025

     HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                      –                       4
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                      2                       –
     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                      1                       –


     No emoluments were paid by the Group to any such five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining
     the Group or as compensation for loss of office during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.



                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
      (a)   2015 Share Option Scheme
            The Company has a Share Option Scheme which was adopted on 22 September 2015 (“2015 Share Option Scheme”)
            whereby the directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees of the Group, including
            directors of any company in the Group, to take up options to subscribe for shares of the Company by payment of
            HK$1.00 consideration upon acceptance. The share options granted vest immediately or have a vesting period of one
            year. The share options have an exercisable period from two to ten years. Each option gives the holder the right to
            subscribe for one ordinary share in the Company.

            All share-based employee compensation will be settled in equity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to
            repurchase or settle the options other than by issuing the Company’s ordinary shares.

            Movement in 2015 Share Option Scheme

                                                                                                                   Adjustment*              Outstanding
                                                                     Outstanding      Exercise during                    during the               as at        Lapsed during           Outstanding
                                                 Option                     as at      the year ended                year ended        31 March 2025       the year ended                     as at
                                                 type                1 April 2024      31 March 2025            31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                 31 March 2026         31 March 2026

            Directors
            Ms. He                               2023A                  2,500,000                       –                    50,000           2,550,000            (2,550,000)                   –
            Mr. Lang                             2023A                  4,500,000                       –                    90,000           4,590,000            (4,590,000)                   –

            Sub-total                                                   7,000,000                       –                   140,000           7,140,000            (7,140,000)                   –

            Employee(s) of the Group             2023A                 19,600,000                (700,000)                  392,000          19,292,000           (19,292,000)                   –

            Sub-total                                                  19,600,000                (700,000)                  392,000          19,292,000           (19,292,000)                   –

            Total                                                      26,600,000                (700,000)                  532,000          26,432,000           (26,432,000)                   –


                                                                                                                              Adjustment*       Outstanding
                                                                                Outstanding Exercised during                   during the              as at      Lapsed during         Outstanding
                                                                                         as at     the year ended              year ended     31 March 2025       the year ended              as at
                                                                                1 April 2024        31 March 2025           31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025        31 March 2026       31 March 2026

            Weighted average exercise price per share option (HK$)                       2.700                  2.700                 N/A              2.700                2.700               N/A
            Weighted average remaining contractual life of
                options outstanding                                                 1.98 years                   N/A                  N/A          0.98 year                 N/A                N/A
            Number of options exercisable                                           26,600,000               (700,000)            532,000         26,432,000          (26,432,000)                –
            Weighted average exercise price per share option
                exercisable (HK$)                                                        2.700                   N/A                  N/A              2.700                 N/A                N/A


            *          The adjustment was due to the bonus issue on the basis of one bonus share for 50 existing Shares completed on 10 October
                       2024.




118    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    (a)   2015 Share Option Scheme (Continued)
          During the year ended 31 March 2026, totalling 26,432,000 share options have been lapsed for option type 2023A.
          (2025: The share options outstanding at 31 March 2025 had exercise prices of HK$2.7).

          During the year ended 31 March 2026, no share options were exercised. (2025: 700,000 share options were exercised
          with weighted average share price for share options exercised was HK$2.70).

          During the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025, no share-based payment expense in relation to share options was
          granted to the directors.

          As at 31 March 2025, the Company had 26,432,000 share options outstanding under the 2015 Share Option Scheme,
          which represented approximately 1.67% of the Company’s shares in issue at that date. Share options do not confer
          rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholder’s meetings.

          On 31 March 2025, the board resolved to propose the termination of the 2015 Share Option Scheme and the
          adoption of the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme and approved by the shareholders at the extraordinary general
          meeting held on 19 June 2025.

          When the share options are forfeited or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in
          the share option reserve will be transferred to retained earnings.

          According to the terms of the 2015 Share Option Scheme, the Company may by ordinary resolution in general
          meeting at any time resolve to terminate the 2015 Share Option Scheme and in such event, no further options may
          be offered but the provision of the 2015 Share Option Scheme shall remain in force to the extent necessary to give
          effect to the exercise of any options granted prior to its termination or otherwise as may be required in accordance
          with the provisions of the 2015 Share Option Scheme. Options granted under the 2015 Share Option Scheme prior
          to such termination shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the rules of the 2015 Share Option
          Scheme.

    (b)   2020 Share Award Scheme
          On 8 September 2020, a Share Award Scheme (“2020 Share Award Scheme”) was approved and adopted by the Board
          of directors of the Company. Unless otherwise cancelled or amended, the 2020 Share Award Scheme will remain valid
          and effective for 10 years from the date of adoption.

          The number of shares to be awarded under the 2020 Share Award Scheme throughout its duration is limited to
          10% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time. The maximum number of shares which may be
          awarded to a selected participant under the Scheme shall not exceed one per cent (1%) of the issued share capital of
          the Company from time to time.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   2020 Share Award Scheme (Continued)
            On 17 April 2024, the Group granted a total of 200,000 shares under the 2020 Share Award Scheme with a vesting
            period of a year.

                                                                                                                  Number of
            Name                                                                                              shares granted

            Employee(s) of the Group                                                                                  200,000


            On 24 April 2024, the Group granted a total 150,000 shares under the 2020 Share Award Scheme with no vesting
            period.

                                                                                                                  Number of
            Name                                                                                              shares granted

            Employee(s) of the Group                                                                                  140,000
            Director of the Company                                                                                    10,000


            On 6 August 2024, the board of directors passed a resolution to amend the terms of the 2020 Share Award Scheme
            and 2015 Share Option Scheme to the effect that the Company may satisfy the grants of the share awards under the
            2020 Share Award Scheme and the share options under the 2015 Share Option Scheme using treasury shares of the
            Company at the board’s discretion.

            On 2 September 2024, the board of directors resolved to retain the 2015 Share Option Scheme and terminate
            the 2020 Share Award Scheme with effect from 2 September 2024. Pursuant to the rules of the 2020 Share Award
            Scheme, the share award shall terminate on the earlier of such date of early termination as determined by the
            board, provided that such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any selected participants who have
            been granted any award shares pursuant to the 2020 Share Award Scheme. Upon termination of the 2020 Share
            Award Scheme, no further award shares may be granted thereunder, while the award shares already granted before
            the termination shall remain valid and continue to be held by the trustee and become vested according to the
            conditions of the awards and in accordance with the 2020 Share Award Scheme.

            After termination of the 2020 Share Award Scheme, no shares are held by the Company and would be granted in the
            future.

            On 28 September 2023, the Group granted a total of 354,484 shares under the 2020 Share Award Scheme with a
            vesting period of a year.

                                                                                                                  Number of
            Name                              Position held/relationship with the Company                     shares granted

            Employee                          Not applicable                                                          354,484


            As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, no shares are held by the Company and would be granted in the future.

            The fair value of the awarded shares was calculated based on the market price of the Company’s shares at the
            respective grant date.




120    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 March 2026

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   2020 Share Award Scheme (Continued)
          Movement in 2020 Share Award Scheme

                                                                                                                     Lapsed
                                                                                                                  during the
                                                                                         As at                   year ended                         As at
                                                                                 1 April 2025                 31 March 2026                31 March 2026

          Employee(s) of the Group                                                      204,000                      (204,000)                               –
          Total                                                                         204,000                      (204,000)                               –


                                                                                    Granted          Vested            Lapsed       Adjustment*
                                                                                 during the      during the        during the        during the
                                                                      As at      year ended      year ended        year ended        year ended           As at
                                                               1 April 2024   31 March 2025   31 March 2025     31 March 2025     31 March 2025   31 March 2025

          Director
          Ms. He Zhiying                                                 –           10,000          (10,000)                –                –               –

          Sub-total                                                      –           10,000          (10,000)                –                –               –

          Employee(s) of the Group                                 354,484          340,000         (140,000)         (354,484)           4,000         204,000

          Sub-total                                                354,484          340,000         (140,000)         (354,484)           4,000         204,000

          Total                                                    354,484          350,000         (150,000)         (354,484)           4,000         204,000


          *           The adjustment was due to the bonus issue on the basis of one bonus share for 50 existing Shares completed on 10 October
                      2024.


    (c)   Share Incentive Plan
          On 31 March 2025, the Company entered into a trust deed to transfer of 25% equity interest in Neuralfin Technology
          (Cayman) Limited (formerly known as DL Digital Family Office (Cayman) Limited) (“Neuralfin”) to an independent
          third party, DL AI Limited, which is wholly owned by a director of Neuralfin, in the capacity as a trustee, for the
          consideration receivable of approximately HK$68,250,000. The disposal was effected in order for Neuralfin to adopt
          the share incentive plan to recognise the past and present contributions and to incentivise the future contributions
          by senior management and core employees of Neuralfin and its subsidiaries. The maximum number of ordinary
          shares that may be delivered pursuant to awards granted under this plan will not exceed 2,815 ordinary shares of
          Neuralfin in the aggregate.




                                                                                 DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                      121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (d)   2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme
            A restricted share award scheme was adopted by the Company on 2 June 2025 (the “2025 Restricted Share Award
            Scheme”). The 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme is (i) to recognise the contributions by certain participants of the
            scheme and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and development
            of the Group; (ii) to provide the Company with a flexible means of remunerating, incentivising, retaining, rewarding,
            compensating and/or providing benefits to the participants of the scheme; and (iii) to align the interest of the
            participants of the scheme with those of the Company and its shareholders by providing such participants with the
            opportunity to acquire shareholding interests in the Company to attract suitable personnel for further development
            of the Group. The scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in accordance with the
            rules of the scheme and the terms of the trust deed. The 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme shall only be funded
            by existing Shares and shall not involve the grant by the Company of new Shares (including any transfer of treasury
            shares out of treasury) or options over new Shares or similar arrangement for the benefit of the selected participants.
            The adoption of 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing
            on the adoption date on 2 June 2025. Aggregate number of awarded shares awarded by the Board under the 2025
            Restricted Share Award Scheme (excluding any awards which have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with the
            Scheme) cannot exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as of the adoption
            date. The maximum number of shares which may be awarded to a selected participant under the 2025 Restricted
            Share Award Scheme in any 12-month period shall not in aggregate exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the
            Company (excluding any treasury shares) from time to time.

            During the year ended 31 March 2026, a total of 440,000 shares were granted to the eligible persons pursuant to the
            2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme and vested on 18 July 2025 and 16 February 2026, respectively.

            During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company repurchased approximately 70,090,000 ordinary shares (2025:
            Nil) of the Company on the Stock Exchange. The total amount paid to acquire the shares was HK$182,380,000 (2025:
            HK$Nil). During the year ended 31 March 2026, a total of 440,000 (2025: Nil) shares were granted to the eligible
            participants pursuant to the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme.

            The fair value of the awarded shares was calculated based on the market price of the Company’s shares at the
            respective grant date.

                                                                                  Granted              Vested
                                                                                during the         during the
                                                                   As at       year ended         year ended               As at
                                                           1 April 2025     31 March 2026      31 March 2026      31 March 2026

            Employee(s) of the Group                                   –            430,000           (430,000)                  –
            Consultant                                                 –             10,000            (10,000)                  –
            Total                                                      –            440,000           (440,000)                  –




122    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2026

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    (e)   2025 Share Incentive Scheme
          2025 Share Incentive Scheme was adopted by the Company on 19 June 2025 (the “2025 Share Incentive Scheme”).
          The 2025 Share Incentive Scheme is (i) to enable the Company to grant awards to eligible participants as incentive
          or reward for their contribution to the Group; (ii) to provide the Company with a flexible means of remunerating,
          incentivizing, retaining, rewarding, compensating and/or providing benefits to eligible participants; and (iii) to
          align the interest of eligible participants with those of the Company and its shareholders by providing such eligible
          participants with the opportunity to acquire shareholding interests in the Company. The award to be granted under
          the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme may take the form of a share option or a share award. Eligible participants of
          the 2025 Share Incentive Scheme include employee participants and related entity participants. The adoption of
          the 2025 share incentive scheme will be valid for a term of ten years commencing on 19 June 2025. The aggregate
          number of awarded shares awarded by the board of directors of the Company under the scheme throughout the
          duration of the scheme (excluding any awards which have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with the scheme)
          cannot exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding any treasury shares) as of the adoption
          date. The maximum number of shares which may be awarded to a selected participant under the scheme in any
          12-month period shall not in aggregate exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding any treasury
          shares) from time to time.

          During the year ended 31 March 2026, no shares were granted to the eligible persons pursuant to the 2025 Share
          Incentive Scheme (2025: not applicable).

12. FINANCE COSTS, NET

                                                                                                  2026                   2025
                                                                                               HK$’000                 HK$’000

    Finance income
    Bank interest income                                                                          9,007                   1,095
    Loan interest income from a related company                                                   1,113                   1,837
                                                                                                10,120                    2,932
    Finance costs
    Interest expenses on bank and other borrowings                                               (3,955)                  (3,153)
    Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                       (1,594)                  (2,188)
    Interest expenses on bonds payable                                                           (4,851)                  (6,000)
    Interest expenses on convertible bonds                                                       (3,780)                       –
    Interest expenses on promissory notes                                                        (1,399)                 (18,651)
                                                                                                (15,579)                 (29,992)
    Finance costs, net                                                                           (5,459)                 (27,060)




                                                                   DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

13. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
      The amount of taxation charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
      represents:

                                                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Current income tax
        – Hong Kong                                                                                    2,755                   2,838
        – Under-provision/(over-provision) in prior years                                                 77                    (656)
                                                                                                       2,832                   2,182
      Deferred tax (note 20)                                                                           1,772                  (1,974)
      Total                                                                                            4,604                     208


      The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for year ended 31 March 2026 is calculated at 16.5% (2025: 16.5%) of the estimated
      assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying corporation under the two-
      tiered profits tax rates regime. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2,000,000 of profits of qualifying
      entities are taxed at 8.25% (2025: 8.25%), and the profits above HK$2,000,000 are taxed at 16.5% (2025: 16.5%).

      Overseas tax is calculated at the rates applicable in the respective jurisdictions.

      The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate of
      Hong Kong as follows:

                                                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Profit before income tax                                                                      371,868                 137,304
      Calculated at Hong Kong income tax rate of 16.5% (2025: 16.5%)                                  61,358                  22,655
      Effect of different income tax rates of subsidiaries                                             (1,100)                    19
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                          2,040                  1,483
      Income not subject to taxation                                                                 (63,481)                (25,472)
      Temporary differences not recognised                                                                  (7)                 (252)
      Tax losses not recognised                                                                         8,300                  2,596
      Tax effect of utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                (2,418)                     –
      Over-provision in prior years                                                                        77                   (656)
      Effect of two-tiered profits tax regime                                                            (165)                  (165)
      Income tax expenses                                                                              4,604                     208


      The Group did not recognise deferred tax assets of approximately HK$27,877,000 (2025: HK$19,584,000) arising from tax
      losses of HK$161,350,000 (2025: HK$111,047,000) and deductible temporary difference of approximately HK$7,600,000
      (2025: HK$7,642,000).




124    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2026

14. DIVIDENDS
   (a)   Dividends attributable to the year

                                                                                                 2026                   2025
                                                                                              HK$’000                 HK$’000
         Proposed 2026 final dividend for the year of HK0.99 cents
           per ordinary share                                                                  20,000                        –


         The proposed final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2026 of HK0.99 cents per share, amounting to a
         total dividend of approximately HK$20,000,000 was resolved by the Board to propose on 30 June 2026. In addition,
         the Board proposed a special dividend by way of distribution in specie of real world asset tokens with an aggregate
         indicative value of approximately HK$100 million and a bonus issue of 40,028,000 shares on the basis of one bonus
         share for every fifty existing shares held by qualifying shareholders whose names appear on the register of members
         of the Company on 15 September 2026. The proposed final dividend, distribution in specie and bonus issue is
         subject to the shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on
         4 September 2026.

         No dividend was proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2025.

   (b)   Dividends attributable to the previous financial year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                 2026                   2025
                                                                                              HK$’000                 HK$’000
         Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year of HK$Nil (2025:
           HK1.98 cents) per share                                                                   –                   30,063


         No final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2025 was paid out during the year ended 31 March 2026.
         The final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2024 of HK1.98 cents per share, amounting to a total
         dividend of HK$30,063,000 was paid out during the year ended 31 March 2025.




                                                                   DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026     125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a)   Basic
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
            average number of ordinary shares of the Company in issue during the years.

                                                                                                   2026                   2025

            Profit attributable to owners of the Company (HK$’000)                              363,136                136,812
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
              calculating basic earnings per share (‘000)
              (restated for the year ended 31 March 2025)                                     1,720,388              1,493,727
            Basic earnings per share (HK cents per share)
              (restated for the year ended 31 March 2025)                                         21.11                   9.16


            The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on profit attributable to owners of the Company
            and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025 as adjusted
            to exclude the shares held under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme, 2020 Share Award Scheme and treasury
            shares repurchased by the Group and has been adjusted to reflect the impact of the bonus element of shares issued
            in April and August 2025. The comparative figures have been restated accordingly.

      (b)   Diluted

                                                                                                   2026                   2025

            Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the purpose of
               calculating basic earnings per share (HK$’000)                                   363,136                136,812
            Effective interest expense on convertible bonds (HK$’000)                             3,780                      –
            Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the Company for
              the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share (HK$’000)                   366,916                136,812
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
               calculating basic earnings per share (‘000)
               (restated for the year ended 31 March 2025)                                    1,720,388              1,493,727
            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares
               – Share options (‘000)                                                             4,433                 10,011
               – Share awards (‘000)                                                                  4                     91
               – Convertible bonds (‘000)                                                        53,770                      –
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
             calculating diluted earnings per share (‘000)
             (restated for the year ended 31 March 2025)                                      1,778,595              1,503,829
            Diluted earnings per share (HK cents per share)
              (restated for the year ended 31 March 2025)                                         20.63                   9.10


            The calculation of diluted earnings per share are based on the profit attributable to owners of the Company and
            the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year and excluded the shares held under the
            2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme, 2020 Share Award Scheme and treasury shares repurchased by the Group, as
            used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to
            have been issued on the deemed exercise of all dilutive potential ordinary shares with into ordinary shares and the
            restricted shares under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme and 2020 Share Award Scheme. It does not assume
            the exercise of the Company’s warrants since their exercise would have an anti-dilutive effect.

126    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2026

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                          Cryptocurrency
                                                 mining        Leasehold         Office    Computer     Fitting and        Motor
                                               machines     improvements     equipment     equipment     furniture       vehicles         Total
                                                HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000

   Year ended 31 March 2025
   Opening net carrying amount                         –             727           264            95           447         1,013          2,546
   Additions                                           –           7,212            60            23            11              –         7,306
   Disposal of a subsidiary (note 44.3)                –            (990)             –            –              –             –          (990)
   Written off                                         –                –             –           (2)             –             –            (2)
   Depreciation for the year (note 7)                  –            (989)         (154)          (53)          (175)         (109)       (1,480)

   Closing net carrying amount                         –           5,960           170            63           283           904          7,380

   As at 31 March 2025
   Cost                                                –          10,409         1,375           926         1,159         2,115         15,984
   Accumulated depreciation                            –           (4,449)       (1,205)        (863)          (876)       (1,211)       (8,604)

   Net carrying amount                                 –           5,960           170            63           283           904          7,380

   Year ended 31 March 2026
   Opening net carrying amount                         –           5,960           170            63           283           904         7,380
   Additions                                    662,803              314              –            –            61              –      663,178
   Depreciation for the year (note 7)            (45,969)         (1,260)          (63)          (24)         (161)         (109)       (47,586)
   Exchange alignment                                  –                –             –           (1)            (1)            –            (2)

   Closing net carrying amount                  616,834            5,014           107            38           182           795       622,970

   As at 31 March 2026
   Cost                                         662,803           10,723         1,375           925         1,219         2,115       679,160
   Accumulated depreciation                      (45,969)         (5,709)       (1,268)         (887)       (1,037)       (1,320)       (56,190)

   Net carrying amount                          616,834            5,014           107            38           182           795       622,970


   Depreciation expenses of approximately HK$47,586,000 (2025: HK$1,480,000) have been charged to the general and
   administrative expenses for the year ended 31 March 2026.




                                                                                 DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                                      HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2024                                                                                                    446
      Additions                                                                                                          43,786
      Depreciation for the year (note 7)                                                                                 (9,583)
      Early termination of lease                                                                                            (70)
      As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                                                                              34,579
      Depreciation for the year (note 7)                                                                               (10,384)
      As at 31 March 2026                                                                                               24,195


      The Group has obtained the right to use office and staff premises through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run on
      an initial period of one to five years (2025: one to five years).

      Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets approximately HK$10,384,000 (2025: HK$9,583,000) have been charged to
      the general and administrative expenses for the year ended 31 March 2026. The total additions to right-of-use assets
      amounting HK$Nil (2025: HK$43,786,000) was recognised for the year ended 31 March 2026.

      As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, right-of-use assets as follows:

                                                                Carrying amount as at          Depreciation for the year ended
                                                                      31 March                            31 March
                                                                    2026              2025             2026                2025
                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000              HK$’000

      Staff quarter                                                 416              1,644             1,248                 832
      Office premises                                            23,779             32,935             9,136               8,751
                                                                 24,195             34,579           10,384                9,583




128    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2026

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                                     HK$’000

   At 1 April 2024                                                                                                           –
   Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 43)                                                                                10,809
   Fair value gain (note 6)                                                                                              1,151
   At 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                                                                                    11,960
   Additions                                                                                                            42,560
   Fair value gain (note 6)                                                                                              8,080
   At 31 March 2026                                                                                                     62,600


   As at 31 March 2026, included in the carrying amount of the investment properties of HK$13,000,000 (31 March 2025:
   HK$11,960,000) represents residential property located in the Japan held for generating rental income. The investment
   property was pledged to secure other borrowings (note 34(b)).

   The addition of an investment property represents commercial property located in Hong Kong and held for generating
   rental income during the year ended 31 March 2026. Total consideration of HK$42,560,000 was settled by cash amounting
   to approximately HK$20,391,000 and issuing a promissory notes payables amounting to approximately HK$22,169,000
   (note 33). As at 31 March 2026, included in the carrying amount of the investment properties of HKD49,600,000 (31 March
   2025: HK$Nil) was pledged to secure bank borrowings (note 34(a)).

   The fair values of the Group’s investment properties as at 31 March 2026 and 2025 are valued by Vincorn Consulting and
   Appraisal Limited, an independent qualified professional valuer not connected to the Group.

   In estimating the fair value of the investment properties, market approach is adopted and the directors are of the opinion
   that the market approach is appropriate for estimation of the fair value of the investment properties at the end of the
   reporting period.

   The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:

                                                                 Fair value measurement as at 31 March 2026 using
                                                      Quoted prices         Significant        Significant
                                                          in active         observable     unobservable
                                                           markets                inputs             inputs
                                                           (Level 1)           (Level 2)          (Level 3)               Total
                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000
   Recurring fair value measurement for
     investment properties                                         –                  –             62,600              62,600


                                                                 Fair value measurement as at 31 March 2025 using
                                                      Quoted prices         Significant        Significant
                                                          in active         observable     unobservable
                                                           markets                inputs             inputs
                                                           (Level 1)           (Level 2)          (Level 3)               Total
                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000
   Recurring fair value measurement for
     investment property                                           –                  –             11,960              11,960


                                                                  DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      During the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and
      Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3.

      Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties as at 31
      March 2026 and 2025:

                                                                                                       Relationship of
                             Valuation         Significant            Estimated                        unobservable inputs
      Type of properties     technique         unobservable inputs    unobservable inputs              to fair value

      Residential property   Market approach   Unit rate per          Range from JPY904,000 to        The higher the unit rate per square
        in Japan                                 square meter           JPY1,271,000 (equivalents       meter, the higher the fair value.
                                                                        approximately to HK$47,000 to
                                                                        HK$66,000) (2025: Range from
                                                                        JPY887,000 to JPY1,082,000
                                                                        (equivalents to approximately
                                                                        HK$46,000 to HK$56,000))

      Commercial property    Market approach   Unit rate per          Range from HK$25,000 to          The higher the unit rate per square
        in Hong Kong                             square foot            HK$37,000 (2025: HK$Nil)         foot, the higher the fair value.

      Under the market approach, a significant increase/decrease in unit rate per square meter or square foot of the properties,
      would result in a significant increase/decrease in the fair value of the investment properties.




130    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2026

19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL

                                                                                    Intangible assets
                                                      SFC License      Money    SFC License
                                                        Types 1,4    Lending        Types 4    Customer      Computer
                                          Goodwill          and 6     License         and 9 relationships     software       Total
                                           HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

   Cost
   As at 1 April 2024, 31 March 2025
      and 1 April 2025                     227,765        11,748         500           612        86,385             –       99,245
   Additions                                     –             –           –             –             –         2,561        2,561
   As at 31 March 2026                     227,765        11,748         500           612        86,385        2,561      101,806
   Accumulated amortisation
   As at 1 April 2024                            –             –           –             –         (3,199)           –       (3,199)
   Amortisation (note 7)                         –             –           –             –         (9,667)           –       (9,667)
   As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025          –             –           –             –        (12,866)           –      (12,866)
   Amortisation (note 7)                         –             –           –             –         (9,666)        (270)      (9,936)
   As at 31 March 2026                           –             –           –             –       (22,532)         (270)     (22,802)
   Accumulated impairment
   As at 1 April 2024, 31 March 2025,
     1 April 2025 and 31 March 2026         (1,335)            –           –             –              –            –            –

   Net carrying amount
   As at 31 March 2026                    226,430         11,748         500           612        63,853        2,291       79,004

   As at 31 March 2025                     226,430        11,748         500           612        73,519             –       86,379


   The Group’s goodwill mainly arose from business combinations in connection with the acquisitions of (i) DL Securities (HK)
   Limited (“DL Securities”); (ii) DA Finance (HK) Limited (“DA Finance”); (iii) Four Seasons Investment Management Limited
   (“Four Seasons”); (iv) DL Family Office Pte. Ltd. (“DL Family Office Singapore”); (v) DL Advisory Services Limited (“DL
   Advisory”); (vi) DL Emerald Wealth Management Limited (“DL Emerald”) and (vii) DL Family Office HK in prior years.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (Continued)
      Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, at acquisition, to the CGUs that are expected to benefit from that
      business combination. The carrying amount of goodwill had been allocated as follows:

                                                                                                                                    2026                               2025
                                                                                                                                 HK$’000                             HK$’000

      Financial services of licensed business
        – DL Securities                                                                                                              274                                 274
        – Four Seasons                                                                                                             5,951                               5,951
        – DL Emerald                                                                                                              12,811                              12,811
                                                                                                                                  19,036                              19,036
      Family office services business
        – DL Family Office HK                                                                                                    207,033                             207,033
      Money lending services business
       – DL Finance                                                                                                                     98                                 98
      Enterprise solutions services business
        – DL Advisory                                                                                                                 263                                263
                                                                                                                                 226,430                             226,430


      The recoverable amount of the CGUs have been determined from value-in-use calculation based on cash flow projections
      from budgets covering a five-year period. Cash flow beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated
      weighted average growth rate of 2.5% (2025: 2.5%).

                                                                      2026                                                                  2025
                                                DL      Four        DL DL Family         DL         DL           DL      Four         DL      DL Family        DL           DL
                                         Securities   Seasons   Emerald Office HK    Finance   Advisory   Securities   Seasons    Emerald      Office HK   Finance     Advisory

      Discount rate                         12.7%      13.2%     13.7%       12.7%    12.8%      13.0%       12.0%      12.0%       12.0%          13.9%    15.8%        13.7%
      Operating profit margin               25.0%      24.7%      4.9%       38.0%    42.8%       5.9%         1.7%     34.5%        6.6%          37.0%    12.0%         1.0%
      Growth rate within the five-year        2.0%      1.0% 3.0%-15.0% 3.0%-20.0%     2.0%       2.0%         5.0%      1.0%        1.0%      5.0-15.0%     1.0%         2.0%


      The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the provision of financial services of licensed
      business, family office services business, money lending business and enterprise solutions services business, respectively.
      The operating profit margin and growth rate within the five-year period have been estimated based on management
      expectation and the result of the market research and prediction.




132     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2026

19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (Continued)
    Intangible assets included the Securities and Futures Commission (the “SFC”) License Types 1 (dealing in securities), 4
    (advising on securities) and 6 (advising on corporate finance) of DL Securities, Money Lending License of DA Finance and
    SFC License Types 4 (advising on securities) and 9 (asset management) of DL Family Office HK. The Group regards these
    licenses to have an indefinite useful life and are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

    In respect of the licenses which were allocated to the CGUs of the financial services of licensed business, CGU of money
    lending business and CGU of family office services business acquired, the licenses have no foreseeable limit to the period
    over which the Group can use to generate net cash flows. The directors consider the licenses as having indefinite useful
    lives because they are expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The licenses will not be amortised until their
    useful life are determined to be finite.

    Intangible assets also included customer relationships of DL Family Office HK and computer software acquired during the
    year ended 31 March 2026 and recognised initially at cost. After initial recognition, intangible asset with finite useful lives
    are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible
    asset with finite useful lives is provided on straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortisation commences
    when the intangible asset is available for use. The following useful lives is applied:

    Customer relationships                                                     9 years
    Computer software                                                          3 years

    Details of the headroom (the excess of the recoverable amounts over the carrying amounts) attributable to the Group for
    each CGU as at 31 March 2026 and 2025 are set out as follows:

                                                                    2026                                                            2025
                                              DL       Four       DL DL Family           DL        DL         DL       Four       DL DL Family          DL         DL
                                       Securities   Seasons   Emerald Office HK     Finance   Advisory Securities   Seasons   Emerald   Office HK   Finance   Advisory
                                        HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000

    Headroom                            115,082      16,126     6,444      54,016    53,581     1,527        233     34,038     3,644      2,486      2,234         –


    The directors performed sensitivity analysis based on the assumption that discount rate and growth rate have been
    changed. Had the estimated key assumption during the forecast period been changed as below, the headroom would
    decrease to the amounts as follows:

                                                                    2026                                                            2025
                                              DL       Four       DL DL Family           DL        DL         DL       Four       DL DL Family          DL         DL
                                       Securities   Seasons   Emerald Office HK     Finance   Advisory Securities   Seasons   Emerald   Office HK   Finance   Advisory
                                        HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000

    Discount rate increased by 1%       103,537      14,208     3,559      22,392    48,561     1,378          –     24,181     1,628          –       884          –
    Growth rate within the five-year
       decreased by 1%                   94,688      13,868         –      35,826    67,583     1,527          –     17,936      124           –        84          –


    Amortisation expenses of approximately HK$9,936,000 (2025: HK$9,667,000) have been charged to the general and
    administrative expenses for the year ended 31 March 2026.

    As the cash generating unit of DL Family Office Singapore has been continuously suffering losses, the related goodwill
    impairment loss of HK$1,335,000 had been recognised in prior years.



                                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                   133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

20. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)

                                                                                                        2026             2025
                                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                                                 704              701
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (13,906)         (12,131)
                                                                                                      (13,202)         (11,430)


      The net movements on the deferred tax assets/(liabilities) of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                       HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2024                                                                                               (13,404)
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (note 13)                  1,974
      As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                                                                             (11,430)
      Charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (note 13)                  (1,772)
      As at 31 March 2026                                                                                              (13,202)


      The analysis of deferred tax assets is as follows:

                                                                                                    Decelerated tax
                                                                                      Tax loss        depreciation       Total
                                                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000     HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2024                                                                        –                321       321
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
        other comprehensive income                                                         372                     8       380
      As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                                                 372                   329       701
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
        other comprehensive income                                                              –                  3         3
      As at 31 March 2026                                                                  372                   332      704


      The analysis of deferred tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                 Fair value of         Accelerated
                                                                                   intangible                  tax
                                                                                        assets        depreciation       Total
                                                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000     HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2024                                                               (13,725)                    –   (13,725)
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
        other comprehensive income                                                       1,594                     –     1,594
      As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                                             (12,131)                    –   (12,131)
      Credited/(charged) to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
        other comprehensive income                                                       1,594              (3,369)     (1,775)
      As at 31 March 2026                                                              (10,537)             (3,369)    (13,906)




134    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 March 2026

21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                             2026                     2025
                                                                                   Notes                  HK$’000                   HK$’000
   Non-current portion:
   Listed securities
   Equity securities – Hong Kong                                                                           33,193                        2,643
   Equity securities – outside Hong Kong                                                                  128,212                            –
                                                                                                          161,405                        2,643
   Non-listed securities
   Investment funds                                                                (a), 45                325,283                    60,799
   Equity investments – outside Hong Kong                                            (b)                  332,017                   139,621
                                                                                                          657,300                   200,420
                                                                                                          818,705                   203,063


   Notes:


   (a)      During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Group subscribes interests in certain investment funds and increased the partnership
            interest in the limited partnership fund at the total consideration of approximately HK$267,853,000 (2025: HK$43,000,000).


   (b)      The major balances amounting to approximately HK$321,953,000 (2025: HK$139,621,000) represents investment in an unlisted
            company related to 32.97% (2025: 26.65%) of the interest in the Carmel Reserve LLC (“Carmel”), a company in which Mr. Chen
            Ningdi (“Mr Chen”), the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of the Company, has interests, as the non-voting
            class B membership interest as at 31 March 2026. The Group subscribed the additional interest in Carmel at the consideration
            of approximately US$10,320,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$80,520,000). Following the subscription, the directors of the
            Company reassessed whether the Group has control, joint control or power to exercise significant influence over Carmel. In making
            the judgement, the directors considered the Group does not have any voting interest to direct nor participate in the relevant
            activities of Carmel. Therefore, these shares remained to account for as financial instruments measured at FVTPL under HKFRS 9.


   The fair values of financial assets at FVTPL are at Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (note 47(g)).
   Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in note 47(e) to the consolidated financial statements.

   The listed and unlisted securities are classified as non-current as the management expects to realise these financial assets
   after twelve months after the reporting period.




                                                                            DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026           135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

22. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                     2026                   2025
                                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Investments in listed bond, with fixed interest rate of 7% per annum
        and maturity date on 30 December 2027                                                        1,504                   1,336

      Investments in unlisted bond, with fixed interest rate of 6.98% per annum
        and maturity date on 14 January 2027                                                         1,541                   1,384
                                                                                                     3,045                   2,720

      Analysed for reporting purpose as:
        Non-current assets                                                                           3,045                   2,720


      The investments in listed and unlisted bonds are held by the Group within a business model whose objective is both
      to collect their contractual cash flows which are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
      outstanding and to sell these financial assets. Hence, the investments in listed and unlisted bonds are classified as at fair
      value through other comprehensive income.

      Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 47(d) to the consolidated financial statements.

      At 31 March 2026 and 2025, the fair value of the unlisted debt instrument at FVTOCI was determined based on the
      reference prices of respective unlisted bonds provided by custodian.

      At 31 March 2026 and 2025, the fair value of the listed debt instrument at FVTOCI was determined based on the market
      quoted bid price.

23. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE MEASURED USING EQUITY ACCOUNTING

                                                                                                     2026                   2025
                                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Cost of investment in an associate                                                            97,734                  97,734
      Share of post-acquisition profit and other comprehensive income                                  333                       –
      Transfer to investment in an associate measured at FVTPL as
        deemed cost (note 24)                                                                      (98,067)                      –
                                                                                                          –                 97,734




136    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2026

23. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE MEASURED USING EQUITY ACCOUNTING (Continued)
   Details of the Group’s material associate measured using equity accounting at the end of the reporting period are as
   follows:

                                                        Place of
                                                        incorporation
                                                        and principal                            Proportion of
                                                        place of         Principal             ownership interest        Proportion of voting rights
   Name                                                 business         activities            held by the Group             held by the Group
                                                                                                 2026             2025         2026             2025

   Neuralfin                                            note (a)         note (a)               note (b)        35.8%        note (b)         35.8%


   Notes:


   (a)      Neuralfin was incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The principal activities of Neuralfin is investment holding and its subsidiaries
            are principally engaged in the provision of securities advisory services and asset management services in Hong Kong.


   (b)      On 26 September 2025, the Company transferred its 35.8% equity interest in Neuralfin to DL Global Fund, the Company’s
            consolidated structured entity (note 38), at a consideration of approximately US$12,538,000 (equivalents to approximately
            HK$97,796,000). Upon the transfer, when the conditions to apply the venture capital exemption presented at the time of the initial
            recognition of the investment in the structured entity, DL Global Fund, the Group elected to measure the investment in an associate
            at FVTPL. Details of the investment in an associate measured at fair value through profit or loss are set out in note 24 to the
            consolidated financial statements.


   Summarised financial information of material associate
   The material associate is accounted for using the equity accounting in these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                                                            As at
                                                                                                                                        31 March
                                                                                                                                            2025
                                                                                                                                         HK$’000

   Current assets                                                                                                                         12,736

   Non-current assets                                                                                                                          990

   Current liabilities                                                                                                                     (4,319)

   Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                        –




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026               137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

23. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE MEASURED USING EQUITY ACCOUNTING (Continued)
      Summarised financial information of material associate (Continued)
      Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the investment in an associate
      measured using equity accounting recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                                                              As at
                                                                                                                                          31 March
                                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                                           HK$’000

      Fair value of net assets of Neuralfin and its subsidiaries                                                                            273,000
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Neuralfin and its subsidiaries                                                          35.8%
      The Group’s share of net assets of Neuralfin and its subsidiaries                                                                      97,734
      Fair value of the Group’s interest in Neuralfin and its subsidiaries                                                                   97,734


24. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                                  2026                        2025
                                                                                                               HK$’000                      HK$’000

      Deemed costs of investment (note 23)                                                                      98,067                               –
      Fair value gain (note)                                                                                   241,907                               –
                                                                                                               339,974                               –


      Note:


      The changes in fair value of the investment in an associate measured at FVTPL for the year ended 31 March 2026 were recognised in profit
      or loss and included in “Other gains/(losses), net” (note 6).


      The fair value of the associate is determined by Vincorn Consulting and Appraisal Limited, an independent qualified professional valuer
      not connected to the Group, which are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (note 47(g)).


      Details of the Group’s material associate measured at FVTPL at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                               Place of
                                                               incorporation
                                                               and principal                        Proportion of
                                                               place of        Principal          ownership interest        Proportion of voting rights
      Name                                                     business        activities         held by the Group             held by the Group
                                                                                                    2026             2025         2026             2025

      Neuralfin                                                note (a)        note (a)            34.3%               –         34.3%               –


      Note:


      (a)     Neuralfin was incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The principal activities of Neuralfin is investment holding and its subsidiaries
              are principally engaged in the provision of securities advisory services and asset management services in Hong Kong.




138     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

25. DIGITAL ASSETS

                                                                                                                        HK$’000

   Gross carrying amount
   As at 1 April 2024, 31 March 2025, 1 April 2025                                                                             –
   Additions                                                                                                             153,232
   As at 31 March 2026                                                                                                   153,232

   Accumulated impairment
   As at 1 April 2024, 31 March 2025, 1 April 2025                                                                             –
   Impairment loss (note 6)                                                                                               (7,422)
   As at 31 March 2026                                                                                                    (7,422)

   Net carrying amount
   As at 31 March 2026                                                                                                   145,810

   As at 31 March 2025                                                                                                         –

   Analysed for reporting purpose as:
     Non-current assets                                                                                                  106,015
     Current assets                                                                                                       39,795
                                                                                                                         145,810


   At 31 March 2026, the Group held digital assets with carrying amount of approximately HK$145,810,000 (2025: HK$Nil) as
   follows:

                                                                                                                          2026
                                                                                                                       HK$’000

   Bitcoin (“BTC”)                                                                                                      106,015
   Tether – XAUT                                                                                                         38,634
   Tether – USDT                                                                                                          1,161
                                                                                                                        145,810


   The digital assets are traded in active markets (such as trading and exchange platforms) and their net realisable values are
   determined based on their fair values using their quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. As at 31 March
   2026, the Group estimated the recoverable amounts of digital assets held by the Group which were determined based
   on their estimated fair values arrived at using available information for the reference prices in the relevant digital assets
   markets.

   During the year ended 31 March 2026, there was impairment loss of approximately HK$7,422,000 (2025: HK$Nil) on digital
   assets recognised in profit or loss and included in “Other gains/(losses), net” (note 6) as the recoverable amounts of digital
   assets as at 31 March 2026 was lower than their carrying amounts.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

26. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                  2026                   2025
                                                                                                               HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Gross trade receivables – margin receivables (note (a))                                                   99,336                   55,900
      Gross trade receivables – cash clients                                                                         –                       40
      Gross trade receivables – financial advisory services                                                      3,526                   21,601
      Gross trade receivables – family office services                                                          41,080                   27,640
      Gross trade receivables – investment management services                                                  12,126                   15,763
      Gross trade receivables – enterprise solutions services                                                    1,252                    2,184
                                                                                                               157,320                  123,128
      Less: Provision for ECL                                                                                   (1,043)                    (898)
      Trade receivables, net of provision                                                                      156,277                  122,230
      Clearing house receivables (note (b))                                                                      2,000                   21,136
      Consideration receivables (note 44.2)                                                                     68,250                   68,250
      Prepayments                                                                                                8,623                    1,851
      Rental deposits                                                                                            1,594                    1,773
      Amounts due from related parties (notes (c) and 42(b))                                                    34,500                   54,220
      Other receivables and deposits (note (d))                                                                 38,049                   21,020
      Total trade and other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                              309,293                  290,480
      Less: Non-current portion
            Long-term portion of deposits                                                                        (2,299)                  (1,739)
                                                                                                               306,994                  288,741


      Notes:


      (a)      Margin receivables are secured by the client’s pledged securities with undiscounted market value of approximately HK$634,615,000
               as at 31 March 2026 (2025: HK$407,060,000) which can be sold at the Group’s discretion to settle any margin call requirements
               imposed by their respective securities transactions. Trade receivables from margin clients are repayable on demand and bear
               interest at commercial rates. The Group repledged approximately HK$86,063,000 (2025: HK$72,601,000) of the collateral from
               margin clients to secure the Group’s loan facility related to bank borrowings during the year ended 31 March 2026.


      (b)      Clearing house receivables represent the amount receivable from Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited (“HKSCC”) (note
               34(b)) for sell transactions executed by clients but not yet settled in HKSCC pursuant to the T+2 settlement basis. Clearing house
               receivables are neither past due nor impaired and represent unsettled trades transacted on the last two days prior to the end of
               each reporting period and solely related to HKSCC for which there is limited risk of default.


      (c)      As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the amounts due from related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


      (d)      Balances amounting to approximately HK$2,999,000 are deposits from HKSCC and the Stock Exchange as at 31 March 2026 (2025:
               HK$9,394,000). These balances are neither past due nor impaired for which there is limited risk of default.




140     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2026

26. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, prepayments and deposits approximated to their fair values.

    The settlement terms of trade receivables, except for secured margin clients, arising from the business of dealing in
    securities are two days after trade date. In addition, the settlement terms of HKSCC are two days after trade date. For the
    remaining trade receivables, the Group allows a credit period range from 5 to 90 days (2025: 5 to 90 days) to its trade
    customers of other business.

    No ageing analysis is disclosed for the Group’s margin clients as these margin clients were carried on an open account
    basis, and only fall due on conditions or on demand by the Group. The directors of the Company consider that an ageing
    analysis does not give additional value in the view of the value of business of margin financing. At 31 March 2026, the
    ageing analysis of trade receivables, net ECL allowance of approximately HK$1,043,000 (2025: HK$898,000), (except margin
    receivables) based on invoice date (or date of revenue recognition if earlier) is as follows:

                                                                                                   2026                      2025
                                                                                                HK$’000                    HK$’000

    1 to 30 days                                                                                    10,760                   26,848
    31 to 60 days                                                                                    1,306                    1,369
    61 to 90 days                                                                                    7,578                    1,057
    Over 90 days                                                                                    37,297                   37,056
                                                                                                    56,941                   66,330


    The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime
    expected loss provision for trade receivables. To measure the ECL, these receivables have been grouped based on shared
    credit risk characteristics and the ageing from billing. For margin receivables, the Group applied the general approach in
    calculating ECL and recognise an ECL allowance based on 12-month ECL at each reporting date. Margin receivables have
    been grouped based on the shortfall of loan balances over the respective collateral amounts and the days past due.

    Details of ECL assessment are set out in note 47(d) to the consolidated financial statements.

    The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The maximum exposure to credit risk
    at the reporting date is the fair value of each class of receivables mentioned above. Other than margin receivables, the
    Group does not hold any collateral as securities on its trade receivables.

    The movement in the provision for ECL allowance of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                   2026                      2025
                                                                                                HK$’000                    HK$’000

    Balance as at 1 April                                                                               898                   2,642
    Provision for/(reversal of) ECL allowance on trade receivables, net (note 7)                        156                  (1,720)
    Written off                                                                                         (11)                    (24)
    Balance as at 31 March                                                                            1,043                     898




                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026        141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

26. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      The carrying amounts of the trade and other receivables, prepayments and deposits are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000

      – Denominated in United States dollars (“US$”)                                              119,315                  76,760
      – Denominated in HK$                                                                        172,421                 203,686
      – Denominated in Euro dollars (“Euro”)                                                           11                      11
      – Denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”)                                                             3,789                   3,412
      – Denominated in Singapore dollars (“SG$”)                                                    2,403                      61
      – Denominated in Japanese dollars (“JPY”)                                                    11,354                   6,550
                                                                                                  309,293                 290,480


27. PROMISSORY NOTES RECEIVABLES
      On 31 March 2025, the Company entered into the sale and purchase agreements with three independent investors,
      pursuant to which, the Company has agreed to sell and each of the investors has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 3,152
      sale shares, representing approximately 28.0% of the issued share capital of Neuralfin, a subsidiary of the Company, for the
      total consideration of approximately US$9,800,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$76,437,000), representing US$3,109
      per ordinary share of Neuralfin. The consideration will be settled by the issue of unsecured and interest free promissory
      notes with principal amounts by the three independent investors to the Company. During the year ended 31 March 2025,
      an amount of approximately HK$959,000 is recognised in finance costs in profit or loss using the effective interest method.
      The three promissory notes matured on 30 June 2025. During the year ended 31 March 2026, the promissory notes
      receivables were fully repaid by the three investors.

28. LOAN AND INTEREST RECEIVABLES
      Each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables.
      Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by management.

                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Loan receivables                                                                            188,256                 148,671
      Less: Provision for ECL on loan receivables                                                  (4,681)                 (3,186)
      Loan receivables, net of provision                                                          183,575                 145,485
      Interest receivables                                                                         13,225                  18,010
      Less: Provision for ECL on interest receivables                                                (531)                   (555)
      Interest receivables, net of provision                                                       12,694                  17,455
                                                                                                  196,269                 162,940




142    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2026

28. LOAN AND INTEREST RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    The credit quality analysis of the loan and interest receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000

    Loan receivables
    Neither past due nor impaired
      – Secured                                                                                   21,079                  19,160
      – Unsecured                                                                                162,496                 126,325
                                                                                                 183,575                 145,485

    Interest receivables
    Neither past due nor impaired
      – Secured                                                                                      902                     3,725
      – Unsecured                                                                                 11,792                    13,730
                                                                                                  12,694                    17,455
                                                                                                 196,269                 162,940


    Loan with gross carrying amount of approximately (i) approximately HK$5,000,000 (2025: HK$1,200,000) is secured by the
    shares of certain companies incorporated in BVI held by the customers; (ii) HK$Nil (2025: HK$4,750,000) is secured by
    certain loans and interest receivables of the customer; and (iii) HK$16,210,000 (2025: HK$13,210,000) is secured by the
    securities account maintained in the subsidiary of the Company, DL Securities, investment in limited partnership fund of
    US$250,000 and an interest bearing senior note amounting to US$342,000.

    The carrying amounts of the loan and interest receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000

    – Denominated in HK$                                                                         196,269                 162,615
    – Denominated in US$                                                                               –                     325
                                                                                                 196,269                 162,940


    Loan receivables bear interest from 6.0% to 15.0% (2025: 8.0% to 15.0%) per annum and repayable in fixed terms agreed
    with customers. Interest receivables bear interest from 6.0% to 20.0% (2025: 8.0% to 20.0%) per annum for default interest
    and repayable in fixed terms agreed with customers.

    As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, all loan and interest receivables based on the maturity date, are within one year.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026     143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

28. LOAN AND INTEREST RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      The maximum exposure to credit risk at each of the reporting date is the carrying value of the loan and interest receivables
      mentioned above.

                                                                                       Loan            Interest
                                                                                 receivables        receivables              Total
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2024                                                             121,929             10,139            132,068
      New loans originated                                                            69,221             11,982             81,203
      Amounts recovered or repaid during the year                                    (50,109)            (4,845)           (54,954)
      Reversal of ECL allowance on loan and interest receivables                       6,427                607              7,034
      ECL allowance under 12-month ECL (Stage 1) recognised during the year             (195)                (9)              (204)
      ECL allowance under lifetime ECL (Stage 2) recognised during the year           (1,788)              (419)            (2,207)
      As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                                          145,485              17,455            162,940
      New loans originated                                                          130,000              14,400            144,400
      Amounts recovered or repaid during the year                                   (90,415)            (19,185)          (109,600)
      Reversal of ECL allowance on loan and interest receivables                       2,183                434               2,617
      ECL allowance under 12-month ECL (Stage 1) recognised during the year           (1,014)                (27)            (1,041)
      ECL allowance under lifetime ECL (Stage 2) recognised during the year           (2,664)              (383)             (3,047)
      As at 31 March 2026                                                           183,575              12,694            196,269


      For loan and interest receivables that are not credit-impaired without significant increase in credit risk since initial
      recognition (“Stage 1”), ECL is measured at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime ECL that results from default
      events possible within the next 12 months. If a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is identified
      (“Stage 2”) but not yet deemed to be credit-impaired, ECL is measured based on lifetime ECL. If credit impaired is identified
      (“Stage 3”), ECL is measured based on lifetime ECL. In general, when loan and interest receivables are overdue by 30 days,
      there is significant increase in credit risk.

      Directors of the Company consider that the fair values of loan and interest receivables are not materially different from
      their carrying amounts because these amounts have short maturity periods on their inception.




144    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

29. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                                   2026                       2025
                                                                                                                HK$’000                     HK$’000

   Cash at banks (note (a))                                                                                      369,504                      31,627
   Cash on hand                                                                                                       47                          73
   Cash and cash equivalents per the consolidated statement of cash flows                                        369,551                      31,700
   Less: Cash on hand                                                                                                (47)                        (73)
   Add: Bank balances – trust (note (b))                                                                         155,796                      58,381
   Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                                               525,300                      90,008


   Notes:


   (a)      Included in cash at banks of the Group is HK$1,820,000 (2025: HK$878,000) of bank balances denominated in RMB with banks in
            the PRC. RMB is not a freely convertible currency. Under the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulation, the Group is permitted to
            exchange RMB for foreign currencies through banks that are submitted to conduct foreign exchange business.


   (b)      The Group maintains segregated trust accounts with licensed banks to hold client’s monies arising from its securities brokerage
            and margin financing business. The Group has classified the client’s monies as bank balances – trust under the current assets of
            the consolidated statement of financial position and recognised the corresponding trade payables to the respective clients on the
            ground that it is liable for any loss or misappropriation of client’s monies. The Group is restricted to use the client’s monies to settle
            its own obligations and could only use the client’s monies in accordance with the Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules.


   The cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                   2026                       2025
                                                                                                                HK$’000                     HK$’000

   – Denominated in HK$                                                                                          342,521                      74,152
   – Denominated in US$                                                                                          173,157                      11,066
   – Denominated in Euro                                                                                              87                         213
   – Denominated in RMB                                                                                            6,139                       3,382
   – Denominated in SG$                                                                                              973                         446
   – Denominated in other currencies                                                                               2,470                         822
                                                                                                                 525,347                      90,081




                                                                                DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026              145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

30. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                             Number of             Nominal value
                                                                                                        ordinary shares        of ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                         HK$’000

      Authorised
      Ordinary shares of the Company of HK$0.01 each
      As at 1 April 2024, 31 March 2025, 1 April 2025 and 31 March 2026                                   10,000,000,000                     100,000

      Issued and fully paid
      As at 1 April 2024                                                                                   1,453,956,350                      14,539
      Issue of shares upon placement (note (a))                                                               64,370,000                         644
      Issue of shares upon bonus issue (note (b))                                                             30,366,527                         304
      Issue of shares under 2015 Share Option Scheme (note (c))                                                  700,000                           7
      As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                                                                 1,549,392,877                      15,494
      Issue of shares upon placements and subscription (note (d) and (e))                                    520,472,000                       5,205
      As at 31 March 2026                                                                                 2,069,864,877                      20,699


      Notes:


      (a)      On 21 March 2024, the Company entered into a placing agreement with placing agents pursuant to which the Company had
               conditionally agreed to place, through the placing agents on a best effort basis, up to 100,000,000 new shares of the Company at
               a placing price of HK$3.50 per placing share to not less than six placees. The placing shares would be allotted and issued pursuant
               to the general mandate approved by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting of the Company held on
               11 September 2023. On 9 April 2024, the Company completed the placing of new shares totalling 64,370,000 under the general
               mandate at HK$3.50 per share for a total consideration of approximately HK$225,295,000. The net proceeds, after considering the
               share issuance expense of HK$99,000, amounting to approximately HK$225,196,000 of which HK$644,000 was credited to the share
               capital account and approximately HK$224,552,000 was credited to share premium account.


      (b)      On 13 September 2024, the Company approved bonus issue of shares on the basis of one new share for every 50 existing ordinary
               shares held by the members on 25 September 2024. A total of 30,366,527 shares were issued on 10 October 2024.


      (c)      On 9 January 2025, 7 February 2025 and 19 March 2025, 700,000 shares were issued at the subscription price at HK$2.70 to
               respective option holders (note 11(a)) to the exercise of their options under the 2015 Share Option Scheme of the Company.


      (d)      On 7 August 2025, the Company, the sellers and the placing agents entered into the placing and subscription agreement, pursuant
               to which (i) the sellers have agreed to sell, and the placing agents have agreed to act as the agents of the sellers to procure, on a
               best effort basis, not less than six placees to purchase the placing shares at the placing price of HK$2.95 per placing share, and (ii)
               the sellers have conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue to the sellers,
               the top-up subscription shares at the top-up subscription price which is equivalent to the placing price of HK$2.95 per top-up
               subscription share under the general mandate and such number of top-up subscription shares shall be the same as the number
               of placing shares actually placed by the placing agents pursuant to the placing and subscription agreement. The sellers are the
               controlling shareholder of the Company, Mr. Chen and DA Wolf, a company wholly owned by Mr. Chen.




146     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2026

30. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
    Notes: (Continued)


    (d)   (Continued)


          On 11 August 2025, the Company completed the placing of existing shares held by the sellers totalling 201,456,000 at HK$2.95 per
          share for a total consideration of approximately HK$594,295,000. On 14 August 2025, the Company allotted and issued 201,456,000
          top-up subscription shares to the sellers at HK$2.95 per top-up subscription share. The net proceeds from the top-up subscription,
          after deducting the share issuance expense of HK$11,964,000, amounting to approximately HK$582,331,000 of which HK$2,014,000
          was credited to the share capital account and approximately HK$580,317,000 was credited to share premium account.


    (e)   On 21 October 2025, the Company, the sellers and the placing agents entered into the placing and subscription agreement,
          pursuant to which (i) the sellers have agreed to sell, and the placing agents have agreed to act as the agents of the sellers to
          procure, on a best effort basis, not less than six placees to purchase the placing shares at the placing price of HK$3.05 per placing
          share, and (ii) the sellers have conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue
          to the sellers, the top-up subscription shares at the top-up subscription price which is equivalent to the placing price of HK$3.05
          per top-up subscription share under the general mandate and such number of top-up subscription shares shall be the same as the
          number of placing shares actually placed by the placing agents pursuant to the placing and subscription agreement. The sellers are
          the controlling shareholder of the Company, Mr. Chen and DA Wolf, a company wholly owned by Mr. Chen, and the subscriber is
          Evergreen Wealth Investment Limited (“Evergreen Wealth”), a company controlled by Mr. Chiu Chang-Wei.


          On 23 October 2025 and 3 November 2025, the Company completed the placing of existing shares held by the sellers and the
          subscription took place, totalling 255,213,000 and 63,803,000 at HK$3.05 per share for a total consideration of approximately
          HK$778,400,000 and 194,599,000, respectively. On 3 November 2025, the Company allotted and issued 255,213,000 top-up
          subscription shares to the sellers at HK$3.05 per top-up subscription share. The net proceeds from the top-up subscription, after
          deducting the share issuance expense of HK$16,456,000, amounting to approximately HK$761,944,000 of which HK$2,553,000 was
          credited to the share capital account and approximately HK$759,391,000 was credited to share premium account. On 10 November
          2025, the Company allotted and issued 63,803,000 top-up subscription shares to the sellers at HK$3.05 per top-up subscription
          share. The net proceeds from the top-up subscription, after deducting the share issuance expense of HK$Nil, amounting to
          approximately HK$194,599,000 of which HK$638,000 was credited to the share capital account and approximately HK$193,961,000
          was credited to share premium account.


31. RESERVES
    (a)   Share premium
          Under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, the funds in the share premium account of the Company are
          distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which the
          dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the
          ordinary course of business.

    (b)   Share options reserve
          The share options reserve represents the cumulative charge to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
          comprehensive income for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to
          the success of the Group’s operations.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026            147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

31. RESERVES (Continued)
      (c)   Share award reserve, share held for share award schemes and treasury shares reserve
            The 2020 Share Award Scheme adopted on 8 September 2020 to recognise the contributions by the Group’s
            employees and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for their continual operation and
            development of the Group; and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. Treasury shares
            held under the Share Award Schemes represent the shares purchased by the Group that are not yet granted to
            employees of the Company under the 2020 Share Award Scheme and 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme (note
            11(b) and 11(d)). The consideration paid for the purchase of the Company’s shares is reflected as a decrease in the
            equity of the Company.

            On 2 September 2024, the board of directors resolved to terminate the 2020 Share Award Scheme with effect from
            2 September 2024. Upon termination of the 2020 Share Award Scheme, the number of shares of approximately
            66,100,000 held under the 2020 Share Award Scheme and not cancelled as at 31 March 2025 was transferred to
            treasury shares reserve. During the year ended 31 March 2026, approximately 70,090,000 shares (2025: Nil) were
            repurchased under the 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme and 2020 Share Award Scheme by the Company. As at 31
            March 2026, 69,650,000 shares (2025: Nil) were held by the Company and would be granted in the future. For details,
            please refer to note 11(b) and 11(d).

            During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company repurchased approximately 18,266,000 issued ordinary shares
            (2025: Nil) under the share repurchase plan, pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed by shareholders at the annual
            general meeting held on 12 September 2025. None of the repurchased shares were cancelled during the years ended
            31 March 2026 and 2025. As at 31 March 2026, approximately 66,465,000 shares (2025: 66,100,000 shares) were held
            by the Company as treasury shares.

      (d)   Capital reserve
            The capital reserve represents the difference between the combined capital of group subsidiaries acquired over the
            nominal value of the share capital of the Company issued in exchange thereof.

      (e)   Translation reserve
            Translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
            of foreign operations.

      (f)   Other reserve
            Other reserve represents (i) amounts arising from the disposal of equity interests in subsidiaries without loss of
            control. It represented the difference between the consideration received and the adjustment to the non-controlling
            interests of the relevant subsidiaries; and (ii) value of unexercised warrants and contingent consideration classified
            as equity relating to acquisition of property, plant and equipment.

      As at 31 March 2026, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the Companies Act,
      Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, amounted to approximately HK$1,945,256,000
      (2025: HK$517,093,000). Amount represented other reserves after setting off accumulated losses of the Company, which
      may be distributable provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed,
      the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.




148    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2026

32. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                               2026                     2025
                                                                                                            HK$’000                   HK$’000

   Trade payables (note (a))                                                                                   4,290                    17,045
   Trade payables to securities brokerage clients (note (b))                                                 153,933                    71,317
   Clearing house payables                                                                                       417                         –
   Contract liabilities (note (e))                                                                                75                       447
   Accrued employee benefits expenses                                                                          1,416                     2,871
   Other payables (note (c))                                                                                  28,681                    16,292
   Amounts due to related parties (note (d))                                                                   6,169                     3,945
                                                                                                             194,981                   111,917


   Notes:


   (a)      The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated to their fair values. The Group was granted by its suppliers
            with credit periods ranging from 30 to 90 days (2025: 30 to 90 days). Based on the invoice dates, the ageing analysis of the trade
            payables (excluding trade payables to securities brokerage clients) were as follows:


                                                                                                                 2026                        2025
                                                                                                             HK$’000                   HK$’000

            1 to 30 days                                                                                        1,112                    15,687
            61 to 90 days                                                                                         235                         374
            Over 90 days                                                                                        2,943                         984

                                                                                                                4,290                    17,045


   (b)      Trade payables to securities brokerage clients


                                                                                                                 2026                        2025
                                                                                                             HK$’000                   HK$’000

            Trade payables from the business of dealing in securities:
              – Trade payables – margin clients                                                                23,617                    28,813
              – Trade payables – cash clients                                                                 130,316                    42,504

                                                                                                              153,933                    71,317


   (c)      It mainly represents accruals of audit fee, consultancy fee, sales commission, interest payables and other operating expenses.


   (d)      The amounts due to related parties were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


   (e)      As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, no contract liabilities that are expected to be settled after more than one year.


   The directors of the Company considered that the fair values of trade payables to margin clients are not materially
   different from their carrying amounts because these amounts have short maturity periods on their inception.

   No ageing analysis of margin clients is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ageing analysis does
   not give additional value in view of the nature of this business.


                                                                              DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026            149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

33. PROMISSORY NOTES PAYABLES
      On 20 March 2023, the Group issued one promissory note amounting to HK$14,820,000 to a third party and is unsecured,
      bears interest rate of 8% per annum and matures in 3 months from the date of issue, on 19 June 2023. The promissory
      note was renewed nine times with the same terms and conditions and was matured on 19 June 2025. The promissory note
      was repaid during the year ended 31 March 2026.

      On 20 September 2023, 22 November 2023 and 19 December 2023, the Group issued three promissory notes in aggregate
      amounting HK$22,350,000 to a third party and are unsecured, bears interest rate of 10% per annum and matured in
      3 months from the date of issue. The three promissory notes were renewed with the same terms and conditions and
      with maturity dates of 19 March 2025, 21 May 2025 and 18 March 2025 respectively. The promissory notes amounting
      to HK$6,250,000 with maturity dates 19 March 2025 and 18 March 2025 were fully repaid on 2 April 2025. The three
      promissory notes were fully repaid during the year ended 31 March 2026.

      On 14 April 2025, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with four independent third parties in connection
      with the sale and purchase of a property. Part of the consideration amounting to approximately HK$22,169,000 was settled
      by issuing a promissory note (note 18). On 2 July 2025, the Group issued one promissory note amounting to approximately
      HK$22,169,000 to those four independent third parties and is unsecured, bears interest rate of 3% per annum and will
      mature on 3 July 2028.

      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the promissory notes:

                                                                                                   2026                2025
                                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000

      Total minimum payments:
      Overdue                                                                                         –                 6,329
      Due within one year                                                                           665                26,599
      Due in the second to third years                                                           23,009                     –
      Future finance charges on promissory notes                                                 (1,505)                 (158)
      Present value of promissory notes                                                          22,169                32,770

      Present value of minimum payments:
      Overdue                                                                                         –                 6,250
      Due within one year                                                                             –                26,520
      Due in the second to third years                                                           22,169                     –
                                                                                                 22,169                32,770
      Less: Portion due within one year included under current liabilities                            –               (32,770)
      Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                          22,169                     –




150    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2026

34. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                                              2026                     2025
                                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000

   Current
   Bank borrowings (note (a))                                                                                76,798                    50,000
   Other borrowings (note (b))                                                                               82,131                       573
                                                                                                           158,929                     50,573
   Non-current
   Other borrowings (note (b))                                                                                   4,048                  4,870
                                                                                                           162,977                     55,443


   Notes:


   (a)      As at 31 March 2026, the bank borrowings are repayable within 1 year with interest rate of 1.5% per annum over Hong Kong
            Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) and 1.9% per annum over HIBOR as determined by the bank for an interest period of 1 or 2
            week(s) or 1,2, or 3 months(s) on the first business day of such interest period (2025: 2.3% per annum over HIBOR as determined
            by the bank for an interest period of 3 months on the first business day of such interest period). The average rate during the year
            ended 31 March 2026 was 4.11% (2025: 6.24%). The exposure of the bank borrowings to interest rate changes and the contractual
            repricing dates as at 31 March 2026 and 2025 were within 1 year.


            As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the bank borrowings are secured by corporate guarantee given by the Company and an investment
            property given by a subsidiary of the Company (note 18).


            The Group repledged approximately HK$86,063,000 (2025: HK$72,601,000) of the collateral from margin clients to secure the
            Group’s loan facility related to bank borrowings during the year ended 31 March 2026 (note 26(a)).


            The carrying amount of the bank borrowings as at 31 March 2026 and 2025 were denominated in HK$ and approximated its fair
            value.


   (b)      As at 31 March 2026, the other borrowings include a loan from an independent licensed money lender in Hong Kong for purchasing
            an investment property and loans from an independent overseas money lender to finance the purchase of cryptocurrency mining
            machines and cryptocurrency mining operating expenses.


            As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the other borrowing for purchasing the investment property is repayable within 10 years with the
            interest rate of 2.8% per annum above 1 month’s Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate or over the cost of fund as determined by the lender
            from time to time. As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the borrowing is secured by corporate guarantee of the Company, a subsidiary of
            the Company, the non-controlling shareholder of the subsidiary of the Company and the controlling shareholder of the Company
            and the mortgage over the investment property given by the subsidiary of the Company (note 18).


            As at 31 March 2026, the other borrowings for purchasing the cryptocurrency mining machines and finance cryptocurrency mining
            operating expenses with interest rates range from 8% to 10% per annum that contains a repayable on demand clause, which were
            included in the current liabilities. The other borrowings are secured by cryptocurrency mining rewards earned from cryptocurrency
            mining.


            The effective interest rate of other borrowings are range from 3.7% to 10% (2025: 3.2%).




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026          151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

34. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
      The carrying amount of the Group’s bank borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                         2026      2025
                                                                                      HK$’000    HK$’000

      Carrying amounts repayable (based on scheduled repayable terms):
      Within one year                                                                  60,333     50,000
      More than one year, but not more than two years                                     347          –
      More than two years, but not more than five years                                 1,115          –
      More than five years                                                             15,003          –
                                                                                       76,798     50,000
      Less: Amounts due shown under current liabilities
        – due within one year (contain a repayable on demand clause)                  (76,798)   (50,000)
                                                                                      (76,798)   (50,000)
      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                           –          –


      The carrying amount of the Group’s other borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                         2026      2025
                                                                                      HK$’000    HK$’000

      Carrying amounts repayable (based on scheduled repayable terms):
      Within one year                                                                  82,131        573
      More than one year, but not more than two years                                     698        573
      More than two years, but not more than five years                                 2,094      1,720
      More than five years                                                              1,256      2,577
                                                                                       86,179      5,443
      Less: Amounts due shown under current liabilities
        – due within one year                                                            (698)      (573)
        – due within one year (contain a repayable on demand clause)                  (81,433)         –
                                                                                      (82,131)      (573)
      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                       4,048      4,870




152    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

35. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
   On 28 September 2025, the Company and Evergreen Wealth entered into the cryptocurrency mining machines formal
   agreement, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to acquire and the vendor has conditionally agreed
   to sell the cryptocurrency mining machines at the total cryptocurrency mining machines consideration of US$21,852,600
   (equivalent to approximately HK$170,450,000). The cryptocurrency mining machines consideration will be satisfied by the
   issuance of (i) convertible bond with a principal amount of US$21,852,600; (ii) 40,000,000 warrants; and (iii) 13,442,451
   earn-out shares subject to the fulfillment of the prescribed earn-out conditions.

   On 30 December 2025, the Company issued 40,000,000 warrants at a fixed exercise price of HK$3.80 per warrant share.
   Upon completion of the acquisition of the cryptocurrency mining machines, fair values of approximately HK$7,261,000 for
   the warrants and HK$11,710,000 for the earn-out shares were credited to other reserves within equity.

   On 30 December 2025, the Company issued zero coupon unlisted convertible bonds with a nominal value of US$21,852,600
   (equivalent to approximately HK$170,450,000). The convertible bonds will be mature on the second anniversary of the
   date of issue of the convertible bonds (i.e. 30 December 2027) and there was no clause in the instrument permitting
   any party to extend the maturity date. The bonds are convertible at the option of the bondholder into ordinary share
   of the Company of a nominal value of HK$0.01 each at an initial conversion price of HK$3.17 per share (subject to the
   adjustments in accordance with the terms of the convertible bonds) at any time during the period commencing from the
   date of issue of the convertible bonds (i.e. 30 December 2025) up to the maturity date. The Company has a contractual
   obligation to pay back all convertible bonds in two years.

   The effective interest rate of the convertible bonds at initial recognition and the subsequent recognition of interest expense
   on the convertible bonds was calculated using effective interest rate of 11.49% per annum.

   The fair value of convertible bonds, warrant and earn-out shares at initial recognition and embedded derivative liability at
   end of reporting period were valued by Vincorn Consulting and Appraisal Limited, an independent qualified professional
   valuer not connected to the Group.

   There were no redemption and conversion of the convertible bonds during the current year.

   The movements of the convertible bonds during the current year are as follows:

                                                                                              Embedded
                                                                      Host debt               derivative
                                                                     component                  liability                 Total
                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000                 HK$’000

   At issue date, 30 December 2025                                        137,127                 12,760                149,887
   Effective imputed interest (note 12)                                     3,780                      –                  3,780
   Change in fair value (note 6)                                                –                 (7,254)                (7,254)
   As at 31 March 2026                                                    140,907                   5,506               146,413




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

35. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)
      Fair value measurement
      The fair values of convertible bonds at initial recognition and the conversion option at the end of reporting period were
      determined with significant unobservable inputs and therefore were classified as level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

      The convertible bonds that contain host debt component and embedded derivative liability were classified separately into
      their respective items on initial recognition. The fair value of the convertible bonds as a whole is determined by using the
      Binomial Option Pricing Model. The fair value of the host debt component of the convertible bonds is calculated using
      cash flows discounted at a rate based on an equivalent market interest rate for equivalent non-convertible bonds. The fair
      value of the embedded derivative liability is determined by the difference between the fair value of the convertible bonds
      as a whole and the fair value of the host debt component.

      The key inputs applied to the valuation of the fair value of the convertible bonds as at issue date and 31 March 2026 are as
      follows:

                                                                                                                   At issue date,
                                                                                              At 31 March          30 December
                                                                                                     2026                   2025

      Risk-free rate                                                                                3.45%                   3.77%
      Discount rate                                                                                11.51%                  13.98%
      Volatility                                                                                   52.63%                  62.71%
      Dividend yield                                                                                0.00%                   0.00%


      The variables and assumptions used in calculating the fair value of convertible bonds are based on the directors’ best
      estimate.




154    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 March 2026

36. BONDS PAYABLE

                                                                                                           2026                     2025
                                                                                                        HK$’000                   HK$’000

   Bonds carried at fixed coupon rate of 5% per annum (note (a))                                          16,000                    16,000
   Bonds carried at fixed coupon rate of 8% per annum (note (b))                                          30,000                    30,000
   Bonds carried at fixed coupon rate of 10% per annum (note (c))                                              –                    38,000
                                                                                                           46,000                   84,000
   Less: non-current portion                                                                              (46,000)                 (46,000)
   Current portion                                                                                               –                  38,000


   Notes:


   (a)      The Company issued 5% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2024 with aggregate principal amount of
            HK$5,000,000. The amounts were repayable within 48 months from the date of issue.


            The Company issued 5% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2023 with aggregate principal amount of
            HK$5,000,000. The amounts were repayable within 84 months from the date of issue.


            The Company issued 5% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2021 with aggregate principal amount of
            HK$6,000,000. The amounts were repayable within 84 months from the date of issue.


            As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, no bonds payable was repayable within 12 months.


   (b)      The Company issued 8% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2022 with the aggregate principal amount of
            HK$87,000,000 of which HK$30,000,000 was repayable within 60 months from the date of issue, HK$44,000,000 was repayable
            within 24 months from the date of issue and HK$13,000,000 was repayable within 12 months from the date of issue, respectively.


            As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, no bonds payable was repayable within 12 months.


   (c)      The Company issued 10% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2024 with the aggregate principal amount of
            HK$38,000,000, of which HK$18,000,000 was repayable within 24 months from date of issue and HK$20,000,000 was repayable
            within 12 months from date of issue. The outstanding balance amounting to HK$38,000,000 was fully repaid during the year ended
            31 March 2026.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026         155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

37. LEASE LIABILITIES
      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities:

                                                                                                     2026                    2025
                                                                                                  HK$’000                  HK$’000

      Total minimum lease payments:
      Due within one year                                                                           11,319                  12,199
      Due after 1 year but within 2 years                                                            8,679                  11,319
      Due after 2 years but within 5 years                                                           9,185                  17,864
                                                                                                    29,183                  41,382
      Future finance charges on lease liabilities                                                   (2,267)                 (4,140)
      Present value of lease liabilities                                                            26,916                  37,242

      Present value of minimum lease payments:
      Due within one year                                                                           10,052                  10,326
      Due in the second to fifth years                                                              16,864                  26,916
                                                                                                     26,916                  37,242
      Less: Portion due within one year included under current liabilities                          (10,052)                (10,326)
      Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                             16,864                  26,916


      The Group makes fixed payments during the contract period. The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to
      lease liabilities is at 5.90% (2025: range from 5.75% to 5.90%).

      During the year ended 31 March 2026, the total cash outflows for the leases are approximately HK$11,920,000 (2025:
      HK$9,137,000). At 31 March 2026, the Group has entered into leases for the items listed as follows:

      Types of right-     Financial statements item of          Number of        Range of remaining
      of-use assets       right-of-use assets included in       leases           lease term              Particulars

      Office premises     Right-of-use assets                   5 (2025: 5)      3.14 years              – Subject to monthly fixed
                            (2025: Right-of-use assets)                            (2025: 4.14 years)        payment

      Staff quarters      Right-of-use assets                   1 (2025: 1)      0.33 years              – Subject to monthly fixed
                            (2025: Right-of- use assets)                           (2025: 1.33 years)        payment

      Office premises     Right-of-use assets                   1 (2025: 1)      1.08 years              – Subject to monthly fixed
                            (2025: Right-of-use assets)                            (2025: 2.08 years)        payment

      Office premises     Right-of-use assets                   N/A (2025: 1)    N/A (2025: 0.75 year)   – Subject to monthly fixed
                            (2025: Right-of-use assets)                                                      payment


      The Group does not have any options to renew or terminate the existing tenancy agreements and no major lease incentives
      was received from the lessors or landlords for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.




156    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2026

38. INTEREST IN CONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITY AND OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
   On 25 September 2025, the Group has entered into a subscription agreement with DL Global Fund pursuant to which
   the Group agreed to subscribe for 12,538 Class A redeemable participating shares of DL Global Fund, being one of the
   segregated portfolio under DL Capital Funds SPC established on 23 September 2025 and approximately 91.6% of total
   issued Class A redeemable participating shares, at a cash consideration of US$12,538,000 (equivalent to approximately
   HK$97,796,000). DL Capital Funds SPC was incorporated in the Cayman Islands under its Companies Law as a segregated
   portfolio company with limited liability on 28 April 2022.

   DL Capital Funds SPC has an authorised share capital of US$50,000 which is made up of 100 voting management shares
   and 4,999,900 non-voting participating shares which may be issued in different classes and series. There are one class of
   non-voting shares in the capital of the DL Global Fund, namely Class A redeemable participating shares. The management
   shares are wholly held by a company controlled by the Company. DL Capital Funds SPC has appointed investment manager
   of DL Global Fund.

   In the opinion of the directors, the Group considers the Company has control over the interest in DL Global Fund for which
   the Group fully held the voting management shares through a subsidiary of the Company (note 4.1), and the interest in DL
   Global Fund has been consolidated by the Company.

   As at 31 March 2026, total assets and total liabilities (excluding other third parties’ interest as stated below) of DL Global
   Fund, were approximately HK$340,605,000 and HK$1,128,000 respectively.

   As at 31 March 2026, other third parties’ interests in DL Global Fund consist of other Class A redeemable participating
   investors’ interests in DL Global Fund which are recognised as a liability at approximately HK$10,646,000 since they can be
   put back to the Group for cash at any time on demand. The realisation of net assets in DL Global Fund attributable to other
   third parties cannot be predicted with accuracy since the realisation is subject to the actions of other third party investors.

   For the year ended 31 March 2026, share of results of consolidated structured entity attributable to third party investors of
   approximately HK$10,646,000 was included in “other gains/(losses), net” (note 6).




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

39. SUBSIDIARIES
      (1)   Details of the principal subsidiaries held by the Company as at 31 March 2026 and 2025 are as follows:

                                                   Place of incorporation             Place of                                               Issued and fully paid     As at 31 March
            Name                                   and kind of legal entity           operation        Principal activities                          share capital     2026          2025
            Directly held
            Four Seasons                           Cayman Islands, limited            Cayman Islands   Investment management                      US$1,000 (2025:      100%         100%
                                                     liability company                                                                                   US$1,000)
            DL Investment Holdings US, LLC         United States, limited liability   United States    Investment holding                      US$5,000,000 (2025:     100%         100%
                                                     company                                                                                         US$5,000,000)
            Indirectly held
            DL Advisory                            Hong Kong, limited liability       Hong Kong        Provision of global identity          HK$100 (2025: HK$100)     100%         100%
                                                     company                                             planning consultancy services

            DA Finance                             Hong Kong, limited liability       Hong Kong        Provision of equity pledge             HK$10,010,000 (2025:     100%         100%
                                                     company                                             financing services and money              HK$10,010,000)
                                                                                                         lending services

            DL Emerald                             Hong Kong, limited liability       Hong Kong        Provision of insurance brokerage        HK$1,750,000 (2025:     100%         100%
                                                     company                                             services                                   HK$1,750,000)

            DL Family Office HK                    Hong Kong, limited liability       Hong Kong        Provision of family office services    HK$18,212,092 (2025:     100%         100%
                                                     company                                                                                       HK$18,212,092)

            DL Family Office Singapore             Singapore, limited liability       Singapore        Provision of family office services      SG$1,244,000 (2025:    100%         100%
                                                      company                                                                                         SG$1,244,000)

            DL Securities                          Hong Kong, limited liability       Hong Kong        Provision of financial advisory        HK$97,150,000 (2025:    80.74%      80.74%
                                                     company                                             services and securities                   HK$97,150,000)
                                                                                                         brokerage business

            Shanghai Syne Zhixiang Enterprise      PRC, limited liability company     PRC              Provision of financial advisory         RMB3,000,000 (2025:     100%         100%
              Management Co., Ltd. 上海突觸智                                                                 services                                   RMB3,000,000)
              享企業管理有限公司*

            Seazon Pacific Limited                 Hong Kong, limited liability       Hong Kong        Sale of apparel product with               HK$10,000 (2025:     100%         100%
                                                     company                                             the provision of supply chain                 HK$10,000)
                                                                                                         management total solutions to
                                                                                                         customers

            DL General Partner (HK) Limited        Hong Kong, limited liability       Hong Kong        Investment management                  HK$15,000,000 (2025:     100%         100%
                                                     company                                                                                       HK$15,000,000)

            DL Holdings (Japan) Limited            Japan, Limited liability           Japan            Property investment                    JPY200,000,000 (2025:    62.5%       62.5%
              (“DL Japan”) 德林投資株式會社*                 company                                                                                        JPY100,000,000)
              (note (a))

            DL HODL Limited (formerly known as     Hong Kong, limited liability       Hong Kong        Cryptocurrency mining                      HK$10,000 (2025:     100%         100%
              Vente Capital Partners GP Limited)     company                                                                                           HK$10,000)

            DL HODL INC (US) (note (b))            United States, limited liability   United States    Cryptocurrency mining                    US$100 (2025: N/A)     100%          N/A
                                                     company


            *         The English translation of the name of the company established in the PRC is for reference only. The official name of the
                      company is in Chinese.

            Notes:

            (a)       During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Group acquired DL Japan. Further details of the acquisition are included in note
                      43 to the consolidated financial statements.

            (b)       Incorporated during the year ended 31 March 2026.


158    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2026

39. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
    (2)   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that have material non-controlling interests are as follows:

          The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company that have material non-controlling
          interests:

                                                    Place of
                                               incorporation
                                               and principal    Proportion of ownership interests
                                                    place of        and voting rights held by            Profit allocated to                     Accumulated
          Name of subsidiaries                      business        non-controlling interests         non-controlling interests            non-controlling interests
                                                                         2026                 2025         2026                 2025            2026                 2025
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000        HK$’000              HK$’000

          DL Securities                              note (a)          19.26%              19.26%         4,223                   –             30,219            25,899
                                                                                         (note (b))


          Notes:


          (a)       DL Securities was incorporated in Hong Kong and is principally engaged in provision of financial advisory services and
                    securities brokerage business.


          (b)       The non-controlling interests of DL Securities increased from 3.36% to 19.26% on 31 March 2025. The accumulated non-
                    controlling interests increased from HK$4,801,000 to HK$25,899,000 as at 31 March 2025.


          Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Company’s subsidiary that has material non-controlling
          interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup
          eliminations.

                                                                                                                                     DL Securities
                                                                                                                                      2026           2025
                                                                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000

          Non-current assets                                                                                                         5,032                     4,914
          Current assets                                                                                                           388,315                   287,105
          Current liabilities                                                                                                     (244,478)                 (157,550)
          Non-current liabilities                                                                                                        –                         –
          Net assets                                                                                                               148,869                   134,469

          Proportion of non-controlling interests’ ownership                                                                           30,219                 25,899


                                                                                                                                     DL Securities
                                                                                                                                      2026           2025
                                                                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000

          Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                                    75,700                   2,800
          Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities                                                                           1,317                  (3,632)
          Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities                                                                           8,291                  (4,152)
          Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                                                                                    85,308                  (4,984)




                                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                          159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

40. CASH FLOW INFORMATION
      (a)   Net cash generated from operations

                                                                                       2026        2025
                                                                            Notes   HK$’000      HK$’000

            Profit before income tax                                                371,868      137,304
            Adjustments for:
              – Finance costs                                                12       15,579      29,992
              – Finance income                                               12      (10,120)     (2,932)
              – Amortisation of intangible assets                            7         9,936       9,667
              – Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                7        47,586       1,480
              – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          7        10,384       9,583
              – Loss on early termination of lease                                         –           7
              – Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL               6             –      (1,281)
              – Impairment loss on digital assets                            6         7,422           –
              – Provision for/(reversal of) ECL of trade receivables, net    7           156      (1,720)
              – Provision for/(reversal of) ECL of loan and
                    interest receivables, net                                7          1,471      (4,623)
              – Written off of property, plant and equipment                 7              –           2
              – Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL            6      (145,417)     (22,357)
              – Fair value gains from an associate measured at FVTPL         6      (241,907)           –
              – Gains on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL, net         6              –        (539)
              – Fair value gains on investment properties                    6         (8,080)     (1,151)
              – Fair value gains on derivative components in
                    relation to the convertible bonds                        6        (7,254)           –
              – Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                             6             –     (168,168)
              – Share of results of consolidated structured entity
                    attributable to third party investors                    6        10,646            –
              – Share of profit of an associate accounted for using
                    the equity method                                        23         (333)          –
              – Equity-settled share-based payment                           7              –     23,340
              – Share awards granted                                         8         1,011       1,058
              – Others                                                                     (3)       167
            Operating profit before working capital changes                           62,945        9,829

            Changes in working capital:
            – Trade and other receivables                                             (18,815)     49,419
            – Loan and interest receivables                                           (34,800)    (26,249)
            – Trade and other payables                                                 83,064    (113,608)
            – Digital assets                                                        (153,232)           –
            – Bank balance – trust                                                    (97,415)     99,729
            Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                (158,253)     19,120




160    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 March 2026

40. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
    (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities from financing activities

                                                            Promissory           Bank
                                                                  notes      and other           Bonds                Lease
                                                              payables      borrowings          payable          liabilities          Total
                                                               (note 33)      (note 34)        (note 36)           (note 37)
                                                                HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000
          Balance as at 1 April 2024                            171,551         51,000           84,000                 468         307,019
          Cash flows:
          Capital element of lease rentals paid                       –               –               –              (6,949)         (6,949)
          Interest paid                                         (17,692)         (3,153)         (6,000)                  –         (26,845)
          Interest element of lease rentals paid                      –               –               –              (2,188)         (2,188)
          Repayment of bank borrowings                                –         (31,000)              –                   –         (31,000)
          Proceeds from bank borrowings                               –          30,000               –                   –          30,000
          Repayment of other borrowings                               –            (229)              –                   –            (229)
          Repayment of promissory notes                        (138,781)              –               –                   –        (138,781)
                                                               (156,473)         (4,382)         (6,000)             (9,137)       (175,992)
          Non-cash:
          Addition in lease (note 40(c))                              –               –               –             43,786           43,786
          Increase in other borrowings from acquisition
            of a subsidiary                                           –           5,672               –                   –           5,672
          Interest on promissory notes                           17,692               –               –                   –          17,692
          Interest arising from bank and other borrowings             –           3,153               –                   –           3,153
          Interest arising from bonds payable                         –               –           6,000                   –           6,000
          Interest arising from lease liabilities                     –               –               –               2,188           2,188
          Early termination of lease                                  –               –               –                 (63)            (63)
                                                                 17,692           8,825           6,000             45,911           78,428
          Balance as at 31 March 2025                            32,770         55,443           84,000             37,242          209,455




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026         161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

40. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities from financing activities (Continued)

                                                              Promissory          Bank
                                                                    notes     and other     Convertible      Bonds          Lease
                                                                payables     borrowings          bonds      payable    liabilities     Total
                                                                 (note 33)     (note 34)       (note 35)   (note 36)     (note 37)
                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000

            Balance as at 1 April 2025                             32,770        55,443               –      84,000       37,242     209,455
            Cash flows:
            Capital element of lease rentals paid                       –              –              –           –       (10,326)   (10,326)
            Interest paid                                          (1,399)        (3,955)             –      (4,851)            –    (10,205)
            Interest element of lease rentals paid                      –              –              –           –        (1,594)    (1,594)
            Proceeds from bank borrowings                               –         74,000              –           –             –     74,000
            Repayment of bank borrowings                                –        (47,202)             –           –             –    (47,202)
            Proceeds from other borrowings                              –         90,314              –           –             –     90,314
            Repayment of other borrowings                               –         (9,578)             –           –             –     (9,578)
            Repayment of bonds payable                                  –              –              –     (38,000)            –    (38,000)
            Proceeds from issuance of promissory notes              4,680              –              –           –             –      4,680
            Repayment of promissory notes                         (37,450)             –              –           –             –    (37,450)
                                                                  (34,169)      103,579               –     (42,851)      (11,920)    14,639
            Non-cash:
            Issuance of promissory note                            22,169              –              –           –             –     22,169
            Issue of convertible bonds relating to
               acquisition of property, plant and equipment             –              –        149,887           –             –    149,887
            Interest arising from convertible bonds                     –              –          3,780           –             –      3,780
            Change in fair value                                        –              –         (7,254)          –             –     (7,254)
            Interest on promissory notes                            1,399              –              –           –             –      1,399
            Interest arising from bank and
               other borrowings                                         –          3,955              –           –             –      3,955
            Interest arising from bonds payable                         –              –              –       4,851             –      4,851
            Interest arising from lease liabilities                     –              –              –           –         1,594      1,594
                                                                   23,568          3,955        146,413       4,851         1,594    180,381
            Balance as at 31 March 2026                            22,169       162,977         146,413      46,000       26,916     404,475


      (c)   Non-cash transaction
            During the year ended 31 March 2025, an additions of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities amounting to
            approximately HK$43,786,000 (note 17) were recognised for the year.

41. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      The Group did not have material contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2026 and 2025.




162    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2026

42. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   Details of the material transactions between the Group and its related parties are summarised
         below:
         Save as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following material
         transactions with related companies during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.

                                                                                                              2026                     2025
                                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000

         Advisory and management fee income (note (a))                                                       14,064                    20,507


         Notes:


         (a)      Advisory and management fee income of approximately HK$14,064,000 (2025: HK$20,507,000) was receivable from Mr.
                  Chen and his family during the year ended 31 March 2026. The transaction constitutes continuing connected transactions as
                  defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in the
                  directors’ report.


         (b)      On 12 April 2024, the guarantee agreements were entered into among the Company, as guarantor, five borrowers who are
                  limited companies incorporated in BVI and being the investment vehicles wholly-owned by a limited partnership fund
                  managed by a subsidiary of the Company, and Banco Delta Asia S.A., as the lender, pursuant to which the Company has
                  agreed to provide guarantees of an aggregate maximum amount of HK$180,000,000 for the borrowers’ obligations.


         (c)      On 14 July 2024, Instant Glad, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into share subscription agreement with
                  DL Japan, to acquire its 62.5% equity interest at total consideration of JPY100,000,000 (equivalents to HK$5,000,000). The
                  acquisition was completed on 29 November 2024. DL Japan became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.


                  The Company (as guarantor) entered into a letter of guarantee with ORIX Finance Services Hong Kong Limited (“ORIX”)
                  (as lender) in relation to the provision of guarantee for the amount of JPY82,688,000 (equivalent to approximately
                  HK$4,134,000) provided by the Company in favour of ORIX (the “DL Guarantee”), as one of the securities to ORIX in
                  consideration of ORIX to continue to grant a loan facility to Mr. Chen (as borrower).


                  The provision of the DL Guarantee as requested by the lender under the supplemental facility letter constitutes a connected
                  transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


   (b)   Balances with related parties

                                                                                                              2026                     2025
                                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000

         Trade receivables due from Mr. Chen and his family,
           net of ECL allowance (note (i))                                                                   32,505                    20,408

         Amounts due from related parties
         DL Family Office Limited (note (ii))                                                                24,709                    24,709
         Carmel Reserve LLC (note (iii))                                                                          –                    18,871
         DL Digital Family Office (HK) Limited                                                                1,920                     2,998




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026          163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

42. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Balances with related parties (Continued)
            Notes:


            (i)      At 31 March 2026 and 2025, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of ECL allowance from Mr. Chen and his family
                     based on invoice date (or date of revenue recognition if earlier) is as follows:


                                                                                                                  2026                      2025
                                                                                                              HK$’000                   HK$’000

                     1 to 30 days                                                                                1,617                     3,473
                     61 to 90 days                                                                               3,431                     4,375
                     Over 90 days                                                                               27,457                    12,560
                                                                                                                32,505                    20,408


            (ii)     DL Family Office Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability and a directly wholly-
                     owned subsidiary of DL Global Holdings Limited. DL Global Holdings Limited was owned as to approximately 36.6% by Ms.
                     Jiang Xinrong, the spouse of Mr. Chen.


            (iii)    During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company and Carmel Reserve LLC, a company in which Mr. Chen has interests,
                     entered into several loan agreements, pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide unsecured loans total amounting
                     to US$2,450,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$19,000,000) to Carmel Reserve LLC at an interest rate from 8% to 12% per
                     annum and due from 2 months to one year. There is a repayment of US$100,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$780,000)
                     during the year ended 31 March 2025 and with outstanding balance US$2,350,000 (equivalents to approximately
                     HK$18,320,000) as at 31 March 2025.


                     As stated in note 21(b), the Group subscribed an additional interest in Carmel at the consideration of approximately
                     US$10,320,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$80,520,000), comprising approximately US$8,000,000 by cash and
                     US$2,320,000 from loan capitalisation of the outstanding principal and interest of the debt investment. The outstanding
                     balance from Carmel as at 31 March 2025 was capitalised in subscription of additional interest in Carmel.


      (c)   Key management compensation
            Key management includes directors (executive and non-executive), five highest paid individuals as disclosed in note 9
            and note 10 and the other senior management of the Group. The compensation paid or payable to key management
            for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                                2026                     2025
                                                                                                             HK$’000                   HK$’000

            Salaries, bonus and other short-term employee benefits                                             15,353                    14,173
            Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                             90                        95
                                                                                                               15,443                    14,268




164    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

43. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   Asset Acquisition
   On 14 July 2024, Instant Glad Investments Limited (“Instant Glad”), a subsidiary of the Company entered into a
   subscription agreement with DL Japan, pursuant to which Instant Glad has conditionally agreed to subscribe for the
   subscription shares, representing 62.5% of the issued share capital of the DL Japan, at a consideration of JPY100 million
   (equivalents to approximately HK$5,000,000). The directors of the Company were of the opinion that acquisition of DL
   Japan did not constitute business combinations as defined in HKFRS 3, therefore, the acquisition had been accounted for as
   asset acquisition. The subscription was completed on 29 November 2024.

   Assets and liabilities of DL Japan recognised at the date of acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                                        HK$’000
   Investment property (note 18)                                                                                           10,809
   Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                                                              5,800
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                1,530
   Other payables and accruals                                                                                             (3,776)
   Other borrowings                                                                                                        (5,672)
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                               (3,691)
   Net assets acquired                                                                                                      5,000
   Satisfied by:
   Cash                                                                                                                     5,000
   Net cash outflow arising on acquisition of DL Japan
   Cash consideration paid                                                                                                 (5,000)
   Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                       1,530
                                                                                                                           (3,470)




                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026     165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

44. CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN A SUBSIDIARY/DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY/
    DEEMED DISPOSAL OF INTEREST IN ANOTHER SUBSIDIARY
      44.1 Change in ownership interest in a subsidiary and deemed disposal of interest in another
           subsidiary
            On 17 December 2024, Neuralfin, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, agreed to issue and allot and the
            subscriber agreed to subscribe for an aggregate of 1,111 subscription shares, representing 9.87% of all the issued
            share capital of Neuralfin, at an aggregated subscription price of US$3,000,000 (equivalents to approximately
            HK$23,340,000), which has been recognised as share-based payment expense of the Group, in respective of the
            services provided by the subscriber.

            Pursuant to the subscription agreement, it includes a clause of put option, which stated in the event that an
            qualified initial public offering has not been consummated on or before the third anniversary of the subscription
            completion date, the subscriber shall after such exercise date have the right (but not obligation), by written notice to
            Neuralfin to request Neuralfin to procure its majority shareholder(s) to purchase all of the subscription shares at a
            price at US$1,280,000, payable in the form of cash or other form of consideration as agreed between the parties.

            The right of the subscriber under the put option clause shall be terminated and be of no further force or effect
            immediately prior to the consummation of a qualified initial public offering or it shall be suspended and not
            exercisable from the date on which a sponsor is appointed for an qualified initial public offering of Neuralfin.

            On 22 January 2025, Neuralfin agreed to issue and allot and an independent investor agreed to subscribe for, an
            aggregate of 148 subscription shares, representing approximately 1.32% of all the issued share capital of Neuralfin,
            at an aggregated subscription price of US$400,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$3,112,000), which shall be
            settled in cash.

            After the completion of the transactions, the Group reduced its continuing interest to Neuralfin to 88.81%. The
            considerations on disposal of HK$26,452,000 comprised of HK$23,340,000 which is the fair value of the services
            received by the Group, and of HK$3,112,000 which is in terms of cash. An amount of HK$1,053,000 being the
            proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net assets of Neuralfin has been transferred to non-controlling
            interests. The difference of HK$22,287,000 between the increase in the non-controlling interests and the
            consideration received has been credited to “other reserve”.




166    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2026

44. CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN A SUBSIDIARY/DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY/
    DEEMED DISPOSAL OF INTEREST IN ANOTHER SUBSIDIARY (Continued)
   44.1 Change in ownership interest in a subsidiary and deemed disposal of interest in another
        subsidiary (Continued)
        Deemed disposal of interest in DL Securities
        DL Securities, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was owned by Neuralfin of 30% and 70% by another
        subsidiary of the Company. Upon completion of the transaction mentioned above, the Group was deemed to reduce
        its continuing interest to DL Securities to 96.64%. An amount of HK$4,801,000 being the proportionate share of
        the carrying amount of the net assets of DL Securities has been transferred from “other reserve” to non-controlling
        interests.

   44.2 Change in ownership interest in a subsidiary and deemed disposal of interest in another
        subsidiary
        On 31 March 2025, the Company entered into a trust deed to transfer of 25% equity interest in Neuralfin to an
        independent third party, DL AI Limited, which is wholly owned by a director of Neuralfin, in the capacity as a trustee,
        for the consideration receivable of approximately HK$68,250,000. The disposal was effected in order for Neuralfin
        to adopt the share incentive scheme to recognise the past and present contributions and to incentivise the future
        contributions by senior management and core employees of Neuralfin and its subsidiaries.

        After this transaction, the Group has further reduced its continuing interest to Neuralfin to 63.81%. An amount
        of HK$2,352,000 being the proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net assets of Neuralfin has been
        transferred to non-controlling interests.

        Deemed disposal of interest in DL Securities
        Upon completion of the transaction, the Group was deemed to further reduce its continuing interest to DL Securities
        to 89.14%. An amount of HK$10,085,000 being the proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net assets of
        DL Securities has been transferred from “Other reserve” to non-controlling interests.

        The difference of HK$55,813,000 between the increase in the non-controlling interests and the consideration
        received has been credited to “other reserve”.

   44.3 Disposal of a subsidiary and deemed disposal of interest in another subsidiary
        On 31 March 2025, the Company entered into the sale and purchase agreements with three independent investors,
        pursuant to which, the Company has conditionally agreed to sell and each of the investors has conditionally agreed
        to purchase an aggregate of 3,152 sale shares, representing approximately 28.0% of the issued share capital of DL
        Digital for the total consideration of approximately US$9,800,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$76,437,000). As
        at 31 March 2025, the conditions precedent are satisfied.

        The disposal was completed on 31 March 2025, on which date control of Neuralfin has been lost.




                                                                  DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

44. CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN A SUBSIDIARY/DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY/
    DEEMED DISPOSAL OF INTEREST IN ANOTHER SUBSIDIARY (Continued)
      44.3 Disposal of a subsidiary and deemed disposal of interest in another subsidiary (Continued)
            Deemed disposal of interest in DL Securities
            Upon completion of the transaction, the Group was deemed to further reduce its continuing interest to DL Securities
            to 80.74%. An amount of HK$11,295,000 being the proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net assets of
            DL Securities has been transferred from “Other reserve” to non-controlling interests.

            The disposal was completed on 31 March 2025, on which date control of Neuralfin has been lost. The net assets of
            Neuralfin at the date of disposal were as follows:

            Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost.

                                                                                                                         As at
                                                                                                                     31 March
                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                                                                      HK$’000
            Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                                        990
            Trade and other receivables                                                                                  5,678
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    7,058
            Trade and other payables                                                                                    (4,319)
            Net assets derecognised of                                                                                   9,407


            Consideration:

                                                                                                                         As at
                                                                                                                     31 March
                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                                                                      HK$’000
            Fair value of consideration receivable (note 27)                                                           76,437


            Gain on disposal of a subsidiary:

                                                                                                                         As at
                                                                                                                     31 March
                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                                                                      HK$’000
            Fair value of consideration receivable                                                                     76,437
            Net assets derecognised of                                                                                 (9,407)
            Non-controlling interest                                                                                    3,404
            Gain on disposal of Neuralfin (note 6)                                                                    168,168
            Remeasurement of remaining 35.8% interests recognised
              as investment in an associate (note 23)                                                                  97,734
            Net cash outflow arising from disposal of Neuralfin
            Cash consideration                                                                                               –
            Less: bank balances derecognised                                                                            (7,058)
                                                                                                                        (7,058)




168    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2026

45. INTERESTS IN STRUCTURED ENTITIES
   Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated
   Structured entities for which the Group served as general partner and/or manager, therefore has power over them during
   the reporting periods are investment fund. Interest held by the Group includes fees charged by providing management
   services and investment made by the Group. The Group’s exposure to the variable returns in the remaining structured
   entities in which the Group has interests is not significant. Besides, the Group did not provide financial support to these
   structured entities. The Group therefore did not consolidate these structured entities.

   The carrying amount of the investments in the consolidated statement of financial position are equal to the maximum
   exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group as
   at the end of the period. As at 31 March 2026, the carrying amount of the investments are HK$325,283,000 (2025:
   HK$60,799,000) (note 21).

   As at 31 March 2026, the total net assets of these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the Group amounted to
   approximately HK$2,249,646,000 (2025: HK$2,657,498,000). As at 31 March 2026, the carrying amount of interests held by
   the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are approximately HK$325,283,000 (2025: HK$60,799,000).

   During the year ended 31 March 2026, income derived from these unconsolidated structured entities held by the Group
   amounted to approximately HK$16,419,000 (2025: HK$27,192,000).




                                                                  DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

46. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

                                                                           2026      2025
                                                             Note       HK$’000    HK$’000

      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                       3,761      3,448
      Right-of-use assets                                                21,402     28,343
      Investments in subsidiaries                                        66,247     60,886
      Investment in an associate                                         97,734     97,734
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                         422,494     46,031
                                                                        611,638    236,442
      Current assets
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                    1,427,064   511,139
      Other receivables and prepayments                                    3,311    23,452
      Promissory notes receivables                                             –    75,478
      Cash and cash equivalents                                          232,531     4,590
                                                                       1,662,906   614,659
      Current liabilities
      Other payables                                                      4,743      7,827
      Convertible bonds                                                 146,413          –
      Bonds payable                                                           –     38,000
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                        65,297    195,837
      Lease liabilities                                                   7,302      6,884
                                                                        223,755    248,548
      Net current assets                                               1,439,151   366,111
      Total assets less current liabilities                            2,050,789   602,553
      Non-current liabilities
      Promissory notes payables                                           22,169         –
      Bonds payable                                                       46,000    46,000
      Lease liabilities                                                   16,665    23,966
                                                                          84,834    69,966
      Net assets                                                       1,965,955   532,587
      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                       20,699    15,494
      Other reserves                                         (a)       1,884,796   499,174
      Retained earnings                                      (a)          60,460    17,919
      Total equity                                                     1,965,955   532,587




                           Chen Ningdi                              Ai Kuiyu
                             Director                               Director




170    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2026

46. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
   (Continued)
   (a)   Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                             Other reserves

                                                                                                                                        Share held                            Accumulated
                                                                                   Treasury                  Share             Share     for share                                losses)/
                                                                          Share      shares      Other     options            award         award     Merger     Capital         Retained
                                                                       premium*     reserve*    reserve*   reserve*      reserve*         schemes*    reserve*   reserve*        earnings
                                                                         HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000

         Balance as at 1 April 2024                                      354,685          –      11,840     15,506               421      (153,031)    19,645         –   #
                                                                                                                                                                                  (74,830)
         Shares granted under 2020 Share Award Scheme (note (ii))           258           –          –           –               447           353         –          –
         Lapsed of share award                                                –           –          –           –              (421)            –         –          –               421
         Issue of shares upon placement, net (note 30(a))                224,552          –          –           –                 –             –         –          –
         Issue of shares under 2015 Share Option Scheme (note 30(c))       2,291          –          –        (408)                –             –         –          –
         Issue of shares upon bonus issue (note 30(b))                     (304)          –          –           –                 –             –         –          –
         Termination of 2020 Share Award Scheme (note 31(c))                  –    (152,678)         –           –                 –       152,678         –          –                 –
         Dividend paid (note 14)                                              –           –          –           –                 –             –         –          –           (30,063)
         Equity-settled share-based payment                                   –           –      23,340          –                 –             –         –          –                 –
         Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                   –           –          –           –                 –             –         –          –           122,391

         Balance as at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                   581,482    (152,678)    35,180      15,098               447             –    19,645          –#           17,919
         Equity-settled payment for
             acquiring financial assets                                       –      54,692          –           –                 –             –         –          –                 –
         Issue of shares upon placements and
             subscription, net (note 30(d) and (e))                    1,533,669          –          –           –                 –             –         –          –                 –
         Issue of warrants relating to acquisition of
             property, plant and equipment                                    –           –      7,261           –                 –             –         –          –                 –
         Contingent consideration classified as equity relating to
             acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     –           –     11,710           –                 –             –         –          –                 –
         Lapsed of share option                                               –           –          –     (15,098)                –             –         –          –            15,098
         Acquisition of shares under 2025 Restricted
             Share Award Scheme (note 11)                                     –           –          –           –                 –     (182,380)         –          –                 –
         Shares granted under 2025 Restricted
             Share Award Scheme (note 11 and note (i))                        –           –          –           –             1,011             –         –          –                 –
         Shares vested under 2025 Restricted
             Share Award Scheme (note 11)                                     –           –          –           –            (1,011)        1,215         –          –             (207)
         Lapsed of share award                                                –           –          –           –             (447)             –         –          –               447
         Repurchase of issued ordinary share (note 31(c))                     –     (25,000)         –           –                 –             –         –          –                 –
         Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                   –           –          –           –                 –             –         –          –            27,203

         Balance as at 31 March 2026                                   2,115,151   (122,986)    54,151           –                 –     (181,165)    19,645          –#           60,460


         #
                     Less than HK$1,000


         *           Other reserve comprises the Company’s reserve of HK$1,884,796,000 (2025: HK$499,174,000).


         Notes:


         (i)         During the year ended 31 March 2026, 440,000 share award granted to the eligible persons pursuant to the 2025 Restricted
                     Share Award Scheme.


         (ii)        During the year ended 31 March 2025, 350,000 share award granted to the eligible persons pursuant to the 2020 Share
                     Award Scheme.




                                                                                               DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                                 171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, interest rate
      risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the
      unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

      Management regularly manages the financial risks of the Group. Because of the simplicity of the financial structure and the
      current operations of the Group, no hedging activities are undertaken by management.

      (a)   Categories of financial assets and financial liabilities
            The carrying amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position relate to the following categories
            of financial assets and financial liabilities.

                                                                                                     2026                   2025
                                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000
            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost:
              – Trade and other receivables, deposits                                              300,670                 288,629
              – Loan and interest receivables                                                      196,269                 162,940
              – Promissory notes receivables                                                             –                  75,478
              – Bank balances – trust                                                              155,796                  58,381
              – Cash and cash equivalents                                                          369,504                  31,627
                                                                                                 1,022,239                 617,055
            Financial assets at FVTPL:
              – Listed equity securities – Hong Kong                                                33,193                   2,643
              – Listed equity securities – outside Hong Kong                                       128,212                       –
              – Unlisted investment funds                                                          325,283                  60,799
              – Unlisted equity investment – outside Hong Kong                                     332,017                 139,621
                                                                                                   818,705                 203,063
            Debt instruments at FVTOCI:
              – Listed bond                                                                          1,504                   1,336
              – Unlisted bond                                                                        1,541                   1,384
                                                                                                     3,045                   2,720
            Investment in an associate measured at FVTPL                                           339,974                       –
                                                                                                 2,183,963                 822,838


                                                                                                     2026                   2025
                                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000
            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
              – Trade and other payables                                                           193,490                 108,599
              – Promissory notes payables                                                           22,169                  32,770
              – Bank and other borrowing                                                           162,977                  55,443
              – Convertible bonds (host debt component)                                            140,907                       –
              – Bonds payable                                                                       46,000                  84,000
              – Other financial liabilities                                                         10,646                       –
                                                                                                   576,189                 280,812
            Financial liabilities at FVTPL:
              – Convertible bonds (embedded derivative liability)                                    5,506                        -
            Others:
              – Lease liabilities                                                                   26,916                  37,242
                                                                                                   608,611                 318,054

172    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
   (b)   Foreign currency risk
         Transactions in foreign currencies and the Group’s risk management policies
         Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities, primarily with
         respect to the US$, RMB, SG$ and Euro. Any changes in the exchange rates of US$, RMB, Euro and SG$ to HK$ will
         impact the Group’s operating results.

         As US$ is pegged to HK$, foreign exchange exposure on US$ denominated transactions, assets or liabilities is
         considered as minimal. The volume of RMB, Euro and SG$ denominated transactions and amounts of RMB, Euro and
         SG$ denominated assets and liabilities are low, the respective foreign exchange risks are considered as insignificant
         as at 31 March 2026 and 2025. The Group currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging as at 31 March
         2026 and 2025.

   (c)   Interest rate risk
         The Group is exposed to the cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable interest-bearing assets. The Group’s
         interest-bearing assets and liabilities are mainly margin receivables, loan and interest receivables, bank deposits,
         debt instruments at FVTOCI, bank and other borrowings, promissory notes payables, convertible bonds, bonds
         payable and leases liabilities.

         Bank deposits, loan and interest receivables, debt instruments at FVTOCI, bank and other borrowings,
         promissory notes payables, convertible bonds, bonds payable and lease liabilities
         Bank deposits, bank borrowings and certain other borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash
         flow interest-rate risk. Debt instruments at FVTOCI, loan and interest receivables, promissory notes payables, other
         borrowings for purchasing the cryptocurrency mining machines, convertible bonds, bonds payable and lease
         liabilities issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest-rate risk. The Group currently does not use
         any derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk. However, management will consider hedging
         significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

         As at 31 March 2026, if interest rates on assets and liabilities had been increased/decreased by 100 (2025: 100)
         basis point with all variables held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year would have been approximately
         HK$3,297,000 increased/decreased (2025: HK$46,000).

         Margin receivables
         The Group’s interest rate risk arising from trade receivables from margin clients is mainly relating to the fluctuation
         of Hong Kong prime rate (the “prime rate”). The Group’s exposure to variable interest rates on trade receivables from
         margin clients are detailed below.

                                                                                                  2026                   2025
                                                                                               HK$’000                 HK$’000

         Assets:
           – Trade receivables from margin clients                                               99,336                  55,900


         The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to variable interest rates at the end of the
         reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the amounts outstanding at the end of the reporting period were
         outstanding for the whole year. A 100 (2025: 100) basis points increase or decrease is used when reporting interest
         rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably
         possible change in interest rates.

         As at 31 March 2026, if the interest rate of trade receivables from margin clients had been 100 (2025: 100) basis
         point higher/lower, the Group’s profit for the year would increase/decrease by approximately HK$993,000 (2025:
         HK$559,000).



                                                                   DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      (d)   Credit risk
            Credit risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial
            loss to the Group. The Group is exposed to credit risk from financial assets including bank balance-trust, cash and
            cash equivalents held at banks, trade and other receivables, and loan and interest receivables.

            The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on recognised financial assets is limited to the carrying amount at the
            reporting date as summarised in note 47(a).

            The exposures to credit risk are monitored by the management such that any outstanding debtors are reviewed
            and followed up on an ongoing basis. The Group’s policy is to deal only with creditworthy counterparties. The
            management closely monitors all outstanding debts and reviews the collectability of the receivables periodically.

            Bank balance – trust and cash and cash equivalents held at banks
            In respect of bank balance-trust and cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the
            counterparties are reputable banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL rate
            of cash at bank is assessed to be insignificant and no provision was made as of 31 March 2026 and 2025.

            Trade receivables (excluding margin receivables)
            The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the
            lifetime ECL provision for trade receivables (excluding margin receivables). To measure the ECL, trade receivables
            (excluding margin receivables) have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

            The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables that may potentially impact
            the credit risk and ECL of its receivables on a forward-looking basis. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect
            current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to
            settle the receivables. The Group has identified payment pattern, creditworthiness, the past collection history of
            each customer, the probability of insolvency or significant financial difficulties of the counterparty and default or
            significant delay in payments to be most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on
            expected changes in these factors.

            As at 31 March 2026, in respect of trade receivables (excluding margin receivables), the Group is exposed to
            concentration of credit risk to the extent that HK$39,958,000 (2025: HK$38,211,000) of trade receivables (excluding
            margin receivables) is attributable to the top 5 customers. The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy
            third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit
            verification procedures. The Group requires customers to use letters of credit to settle their balances and also enters
            into credit insurance policy for certain trade receivables with a bank to mitigate the credit risk with a coverage of
            HK$Nil (2025: HK$Nil) out of the total trade receivables balance.

            Included in the trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) is the trade receivable from investment management
            service client amounting to approximately HK$32,505,000 (2025: HK$20,507,000) which constitute the majority of
            the balance and is the largest outstanding balance from a single customer as at 31 March 2026.

            The trade receivables with gross carrying amount of HK$57,984,000 (2025: HK$67,188,000) are assessed based on
            debtors’ ageing as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting date.

            On that basis, management has assessed that the ECL allowance as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 for trade
            receivables (excluding margin receivables). During the year ended 31 March 2026, ECL allowance of HK$156,000 was
            recognised as a provision (2025: ECL allowance of HK$1,720,000 was recognised as reversal).

            Trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.
            Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to
            engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than
            180 days past due. ECL on trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) are presented as net ECL within operating
            profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.


174    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
   (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Margin receivables
         For the margin receivables, there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as the risk of default
         is low because significant amounts are secured by pledged listed securities and counterparties have no historical
         default record. The directors expect that the general economic conditions will not be significantly changed for the 12
         months after the reporting period. No loss allowance was made against the gross amount of the margin receivables.
         As at 31 March 2026, the carrying amounts of margin receivables amounted to approximately HK$99,336,000 (2025:
         HK$55,900,000) and no ECL is recognised for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025. All balances are categorised
         based on 12-month ECL with no movement from/to other stages during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025. As
         at 31 March 2026, margin receivables were secured by the client’s pledged securities with undiscounted market value
         of approximately HK$634,615,000 (2025: HK$407,060,000).

         Loan and interest receivables
         The Group measures loss allowance under HKFRS 9 ECL model. The measure of ECL is a function of the probability
         of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) (i.e., the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure
         at default (“EAD”). The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data
         adjusted by forward-looking information.

         Generally, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
         accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
         interest rate determined at initial recognition.

         Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial assets unless the financial assets is
         credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial assets.

         The key inputs used for measuring ECL are PD, LGD, and EAD.

         These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they
         are adjusted to reflect probability-weighted forward-looking information.

         Elements of the ECL model that are considered accounting judgements and estimates include:

         •     The Group’s estimation of PD to individual group;

         •     The Group’s criteria for assessing if there has been a significant increase in credit risk and so allowances for
               financial assets should be measured on a lifetime ECL basis and the qualitative assessment;

         •     Development of ECL model, including the various formulas and the choice of inputs over determination of the
               period over which the entity is exposed to credit risk based on the behavioural life of the credit exposures, LGD
               and collateral recovery of the credit exposures;

         •     Determination of associations between macroeconomic scenarios and, economic inputs, such as delinquency
               ratios and collateral values, and the effect on PD, EAD and LGD; and

         •     Selection of forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios and their probability weightings, to derive the
               economic inputs into the ECL model.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026       175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
            It has been the Group’s policy to regularly review its models in the context of actual loss experience and adjust when
            necessary.

            The Group categorises the credit quality of its loan and interest receivables according to 3 different stages under the
            ECL model:

            •      Stage 1: financial assets without significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition where ECL allowance
                            is calculated based on 12-month ECL

            •      Stage 2: financial assets with significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition where ECL allowance is
                            calculated based on lifetime ECL

            •      Stage 3: credit impaired assets where ECL allowance is calculated based on lifetime ECL

            Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
            of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
            the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
            quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
            forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

            The Group monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment requirements to assess whether there has
            been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If there has been a significant increase in credit risk,
            the Group will measure the ECL allowance based on lifetime rather than 12-month ECL.

            The Group collects performance and default information about its credit risk exposures and analyses all data
            collected using statistical model and estimates the remaining lifetime PD of exposures and how these are expected to
            change over time. The factors taken into account in this process include macro-economic data.

            The Group uses different criteria to determine whether credit risk has increased significantly and the Group presumes
            that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual
            payments are more than 30 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
            demonstrates otherwise.

            The Group has monitoring procedures in place to make sure that the criteria used to identify significant increases
            in credit are effective, meaning that significant increase in credit risk is identified before the exposure is defaulted
            or when the asset becomes 30 days past due. The Group performs periodic back-testing of its ratings to consider
            whether the drivers of credit risk that led to default were accurately reflected in the rating in a timely manner.

            The Group has controls and procedures in place to identify when the credit risk of an asset improves and the
            definition of significant increase in credit risk is no longer met. When this is the case the asset may move back to
            Stage 1 from Stage 2, subject to payments being up to date and the ability of the borrower to make future payments
            on time.




176    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
   (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
         Default and credit-impaired
         The Group considers that default has occurred when the instrument is more than 90 days past due unless the
         Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
         appropriate. In particular, the following qualitative indicators are taken into account in determining the risk of
         default occurring:

         •     probable bankruptcy entered by the borrowers; and

         •     death of the debtor.

         Incorporation of forward-looking information
         The Group uses forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort in its assessment of
         significant increase of credit risk as well as in its measurement of ECL. The external information used includes
         economic data and forecasts published by governmental bodies. The Group applies probabilities to the forecast
         scenarios identified.

         The movements in the gross amount of loan receivables are as follows:

                                                           Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3               Total
                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000

         As at 1 April 2024                                  49,010                80,549              –            129,559
         Net changes on the gross amount                     63,612               (44,500)             –             19,112
         Transfer between stages                            (11,000)               11,000              –                  –
         As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025               101,622                47,049              –            148,671
         Net changes on the gross amount                     94,488               (54,903)             –             39,585
         Transfer between stages                            (76,110)               76,110              –                  –
         As at 31 March 2026                               120,000                68,256               –            188,256


         The movement in the ECL allowance of loan receivables, are as follows:

                                                           Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3               Total
                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000

         As at 1 April 2024                                     136                 7,494              –                7,630
         ECL allowance reversed for the year                   (136)               (4,308)             –               (4,444)
         As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                     –                3,186               –               3,186
         ECL allowance recognised for the year                1,014                  481               –               1,495
         As at 31 March 2026                                 1,014                 3,667               –               4,681




                                                                 DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026     177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
            Incorporation of forward-looking information (Continued)
            The movements in the gross amount of interest receivables are as follows:

                                                               Stage 1            Stage 2             Stage 3             Total
                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000

            As at 1 April 2024                                    3,024              7,849                   –              10,873
            Net changes on the gross amount                       7,301               (164)                  –               7,137
            Transfer between stages                              (5,423)             5,423                   –                   –
            As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                  4,902             13,108                   –              18,010
            Net changes on the gross amount                       5,927            (10,712)                  –              (4,785)
            Transfer between stages                              (7,559)             7,559                   –                   –
            As at 31 March 2026                                  3,270              9,955                    –           13,225


            The movement in the ECL allowance of interest receivables, are as follows:

                                                               Stage 1            Stage 2             Stage 3             Total
                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000

            As at 1 April 2024                                        6                   728                –                 734
            ECL allowance reversed for the year                      (6)                 (173)               –                (179)
            As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                      –                  555                 –                555
            ECL allowance recognised/(reversed)
              for the year                                           27                   (51)               –                 (24)
            As at 31 March 2026                                      27                  504                 –                531


            Sensitivity analysis
            The ECL allowance is sensitive to the inputs used in internally developed models, macroeconomic variables in
            the forward-looking forecasts, economic scenario weighting and other factors considered when applying expert
            judgement. Changes in these inputs, assumptions and judgements impact the assessment of significant increase in
            credit risk and the measurement of ECL allowance.

            The following table shows the impact on ECL allowance on loan and interest receivables as at 31 March 2026 and
            2025 by changing individual input.

                                                                                                 Impact on ECL allowance on
            Change in input on ECL model                                                         loan and interest receivables

            – Assuming a further 10% weighting added to the probability of the optimistic        – Decrease by HK$521,000
                 scenario and a corresponding 10% weighting reduction in the base scenario            (2025: HK$336,000)
            – Assuming a further 10% weighting added to the probability of the pessimistic       – Increase by HK$521,000
                 scenario and a corresponding 10% weighting reduction in the base scenario            (2025: HK$336,000)

            Concentration on credit risk
            As at 31 March 2026, the Group had a concentration risk as 10.4% (2025: 5.8%) and 43.4% (2025: 27.9%) of total loans
            to customers (net of allowance) were made up by the Company’s largest loan customer’s and the five largest loans
            customers’ outstanding balances respectively.

178    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
   (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Other financial assets at amortised cost
         Other financial assets at amortised cost include other receivables and deposits and amounts due from related parties
         and promissory notes receivables. In order to minimise the credit risk, the management makes periodic collective
         and individual assessment on their recoverability based on historical settlement records, past experience and
         available forward-looking information. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is
         taken to recover overdue debts. In these regards, the credit risk of other receivables and deposits, amounts due from
         related parties and promissory notes receivables are considered to be low.

         Besides, the management is of opinion that there is no significant increase in credit risk on these other receivables
         and deposits, amounts due from related parties and promissory notes receivables since initial recognition as the
         risk of default is low after considering the factors as set out in note 2.9 and, thus, no ECL recognised for these other
         receivables and deposits, amounts due from related parties and promissory notes receivables as at 31 March 2026
         and 2025.

         Debt instruments at FVTOCI
         The Group only invests in debt securities with low credit risk. The Group’s debt instruments at FVTOCI mainly
         comprise listed and unlisted bonds that are graded in the top investment grade as per globally understood
         definitions and therefore are considered to be low credit risk investments. During the year ended 31 March 2026, the
         expected credit loss on debt instruments at FVTOCI was considered insignificant.

   (e)   Price risk
         Price risk on financial assets at FVTPL
         The Group is exposed to equity price risk mainly arising from investments held by the Group that are classified in the
         consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets at FVTPL (note 21).

         To manage its price risk arising from investment in equity securities, the Group closely monitors the financial
         performance of each investee company.

         The Group’s Level 1 equity investments are publicly traded in their respective Stock Exchange.

         Sensitivity analysis
         As at 31 March 2026, if the equity securities prices increase/decrease by 5% with all other variables held constant,
         the Group’s profit before taxation will be HK$8,070,000 higher/lower (2025: profit before taxation will be HK$130,000
         higher/lower) as a result of gains/losses on equity securities classified as financial assets at FVTPL.

         Price risk on digital assets
         The Group is exposed to equity price risk mainly arising from digital assets held by the Group (note 25), which can be
         traded in number of public exchanges.

         The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from digital assets which is measured on fair value basis. In particular, the
         Group’s operating results may depend upon the market price of digital assets. Digital assets prices have fluctuated
         significantly from time to time. There is no assurance that digital assets prices will reflect historical trends.

         Sensitivity analysis
         As at 31 March 2026, if the digital assets prices increase/decrease by 5% in the principal market with all other
         variables held constant, the Group’s profit before taxation will be HK$7,290,000 higher/lower (2025: HK$Nil) as a
         result of gains/losses on digital assets.




                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      (f)   Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with its financial
            liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and other payables, promissory
            notes payables, bank and other borrowings, convertible bonds, bonds payable, lease liabilities and other financial
            liabilities and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s objective is to maintain an appropriate level
            of liquid assets and committed funding to meet its liquidity requirements in its short and longer-term. The directors
            of the Company is satisfied that the Group will be able to meet in full its financial obligations as and when they fall
            due in the foreseeable future.

            The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of recognised financial liabilities as summarised in
            note 47(a), and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s policy is to maintain an appropriate level of
            liquid assets to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

            The maturity analysis of the Group’s financial liabilities is as follows:

                                              Less than
                                              1 year or                                                        Total
                                             repayable                                       More than undiscounted         Carrying
                                            on demand         1-2 years       3-5 years        5 years    cash flow          amount
                                               HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000
            As at 31 March 2026
            Trade and other payables           193,490                –               –               –           193,490    193,490
            Promissory notes payables             665               665          22,344               –           23,674      22,169
            Bank and other borrowings          159,479            1,396           1,396           1,256           163,527    162,977
            Convertible bonds                 170,450                 –               –               –          170,450    146,413
            Bonds payable                       34,758           11,648           5,475               –            51,881     46,000
            Lease liabilities                   11,319           8,679            9,185               –           29,183      26,916
            Other financial liabilities        10,646                 –               –               –           10,646     10,646
                                               580,807           22,388          38,400           1,256          642,851    608,611
            As at 31 March 2025
            Trade and other payables            108,599               –               –               –           108,599    108,599
            Promissory notes payables            33,071               –               –               –            33,071     32,770
            Bank and other borrowings            53,414             606           1,921           3,210            59,151     55,443
            Bonds payable                        48,162          22,625          27,875               –            98,662     84,000
            Lease liabilities                    12,199          11,319          17,864               –            41,382     37,242
                                                255,445          34,550          47,660           3,210           340,865    318,054


      (g)   Fair value hierarchy
            The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31 March 2026 and 2025 by
            level of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels
            within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

            •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1).

            •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                   directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices), and not using significant unobservable inputs
                   (Level 2).

            •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) (Level 3).

180    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
   (g)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                             Level 1            Level 2            Level 3               Total
                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000
         As at 31 March 2026
         Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Listed equity securities                       161,405                   –                  –             161,405
           – Unlisted equity investments                          –                   –            332,017             332,017
           – Unlisted investment funds                            –             269,978             55,305             325,283
         Investment in an associate measured
           at FVTPL                                                 –                  –           339,974             339,974
         Debt instruments at FVTOCI
           – Listed debt instrument                            1,504                   –                  –              1,504
           – Unlisted debt instrument                              –                   –              1,541              1,541
         Financial liabilities at FVTPL:
           – Convertible bonds (embedded
               derivative liability)                                –                  –              5,506              5,506
         As at 31 March 2025
         Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Listed equity securities                           2,643                  –                  –              2,643
           – Unlisted equity investment                             –                  –            139,621            139,621
           – Unlisted investment funds                              –             60,799                  –             60,799
         Debt instruments at FVTOCI
           – Listed debt instrument                             1,336                  –                  –               1,336
           – Unlisted debt instrument                               –                  –              1,384               1,384


         There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets and liabilities including bank balances – trust, cash
         and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and deposits, loan and interest receivables, promissory notes
         receivables, trade and other payables, promissory notes payables, bank and other borrowings, convertible bonds,
         bonds payable, other financial liabilities and lease liabilities approximate their fair values due to their short
         maturities or the impact of discounting is not significant.

         Valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and inputs used in fair value measurements
         Level 1 fair value measurements
         Fair value of financial instruments under level 1 fair value measurement is based on quoted prices (unadjusted)
         reflected in active markets.

         The fair value of the listed equity securities and listed debt instrument are based on quoted market prices at the end
         of reporting period.

         Level 2 fair value measurements
         As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL under level 2 fair value measurements is
         unlisted investment funds of approximately HK$269,978,000 (2025: 60,799,000). Fair value is determined based
         on the proportion of net asset value reported by the general partners, investment manager or administrator with
         reference to the recent redemption price and recent transaction price of the underlying assets. For these investment
         funds, the Group believes that they could be redeemed at the net asset value per share as at the statement of
         financial position date.




                                                                   DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026      181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      (g)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
            Valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and inputs used in fair value measurements
            (Continued)
            Level 3 fair value measurements
            (i)   Unlisted equity investment
                  In determining fair value, specific valuation techniques (asset-based approach) are used with reference to
                  significant inputs such as property under development’s market value, loan from other parties and long-term
                  loan included in the unlisted equity investment. Loan from other parties and long-term loan are measured
                  at amortised cost. The main input used by the Group in measuring the fair value of the unlisted equity
                  investment is derived and evaluated as follows:

                    –     Market value of property under development: this is valued as at 31 March 2026 and 2025 by
                          independent and professional qualified valuer based on residual method as follow:

                          Valuation technique
                            of property under
                            development included
                            in the unlisted equity                                             Relationship of significant
                            investment                   Significant unobservable inputs       unobservable inputs to fair value
                          Residual method (2025:         Market price of finished lot,         The higher/lower the market price,
                            Residual method)              ranging from US$3,100,000              the higher/lower the fair value
                                                          (2025: US$2,063,000) per
                                                          lot to US$3,880,000 (2025:
                                                          US$3,085,000) per lot, and
                                                          adjusted taking into account
                                                          of time and locations to
                                                          the underlying assets of the
                                                          invested company

            (ii)    Investment in an associate measured at FVTPL and debt instruments at FVTOCI


                                                                                               Relationship of unobservable
                                               Valuation technique and key inputs              inputs to fair value
                    Investment in an           Fair value is determined under the income Higher/lower user growth rates by
                      associate measured         approach using a discounted cash flow     10% would increase/decrease the
                      at FVTPL                   model. Key unobservable inputs include    fair value by HK$101,724,000
                                                 annual new user growth rates over the     or HK$91,017,000, respectively;
                                                 5-year forecast period ranging from       higher/lower weighted average
                                                 120.0% to 300.0%; weighted average cost   cost of capital by 1% would
                                                 of capital of 14.98%; terminal revenue    decrease/increase the fair value by
                                                 growth rate of 2.5%; and discount of lack HK$48,185,000 or HK$58,893,000,
                                                 of marketability of 20.4%.                respectively; higher/lower the
                                                                                           terminal revenue growth rate by
                                                                                           0.1% would increase/decrease
                                                                                           the fair value by HK$2,677,000;
                                                                                           and higher/lower discount of lack
                                                                                           of marketability by 1% would
                                                                                           decrease/increase the fair value by
                                                                                           HK$5,354,000.

                    Debt instruments at        Based on the reference prices of respective     A slight increase in discount rate used
                      FVTOCI                     unlisted bonds provided by financial            would result in significant decrease
                                                 institutions which is reflecting the credit     in fair value measurement to the
                                                 risk of the issuers.                            unlisted bonds investments and
                                                                                                 vice versa.

            (iii)   Unlisted investment funds
                    The fair value of investment funds is determined by the proportion of net asset value of the investment funds
                    reported by the manager or investment manager with reference to the recent financing round transaction
                    price. The Group has determined that the reported net asset value represent fair value of the investment
                    funds.

182    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
   (g)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
         Valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and inputs used in fair value measurements
         (Continued)
         Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)
         The reconciliation of the carrying amount of the Group’s financial instruments classified within Level 3 fair value
         measurement is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                           Investment in
                                                                                                                                                             an associate
                                                                                    Debt instrument                     Financial asset                        measured
                                                                                           at FVTOCI                          at FVTPL                          at FVTPL
                                                                                             HK$’000                           HK$’000                           HK$’000

         As at 1 April 2024                                                                               –                          115,243                              –
         Addition                                                                                     1,557                                –                              –
         Fair value loss recognised in other
           comprehensive income                                                                            (173)                           –                              –
         Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss                                                         –                       24,378                              –
         As at 31 March 2025 and 1 April 2025                                                         1,384                          139,621                           –
         Additions                                                                                        –                          130,217                      98,067
         Fair value gain recognised in other
           comprehensive income                                                                            157                             –                           –
         Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss                                                        –                       117,484                     241,907
         As at 31 March 2026                                                                         1,541                           387,322                    339,974


   (h)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
         The following tables present details of financial instruments subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting
         arrangements and similar agreements between the Group and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited
         (“HKSCC”) at 31 March 2026 and 2025.



                                                                                       Financial assets subject to offsetting

                                                                  Gross amount                                       Related amounts not offset in
                                                                  of recognised             Net amount              the statement of consolidated
                                                            financial liabilities    of financial assets            statement of financial position
                                                                   offset in the      presented in the                   Financial
                                           Gross amount            consolidated            consolidated               instruments
                                           of recognised           statement of            statement of                other than        Cash collateral
                                         financial assets     financial position     financial position            cash collateral             received          Net amount
                                                 HK$’000                HK$’000                 HK$’000                    HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000

         At 31 March 2026
         Type of financial assets
         Trade receivables from HKSCC              5,063                  (3,063)                 2,000                         –                     –               2,000

         At 31 March 2025
         Type of financial assets
         Trade receivables from HKSCC             23,094                  (1,958)                21,136                         –                     –               21,136




                                                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026                               183
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2026

47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      (h)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (Continued)

                                                                                             Financial liabilities subject to offsetting

                                                                          Gross amount                                     Related amounts not offset in
                                                                          of recognised          Net amount of            the statement of consolidated
                                                                    financial liabilities   financial liabilities         statement of financial position
                                                                           offset in the       presented in the               Financial
                                                 Gross amount              consolidated            consolidated            instruments
                                                 of recognised             statement of            statement of             other than         Cash collateral
                                            financial liabilities     financial position      financial position        cash collateral              received    Net amount
                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000                 HK$’000                 HK$’000               HK$’000        HK$’000

            At 31 March 2026
            Type of financial liabilities
            Trade payables to HKSCC                       3,480                   (3,063)                      –                       –                    –           417

            At 31 March 2025
            Type of financial liabilities
            Trade payables to HKSCC                        1,958                  (1,958)                      –                       –                    –             –


48. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
      The Group’s capital management objectives are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to
      provide adequate returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, to maintain an optimal capital structure to
      reduce the cost of capital and to support the Group’s stability and growth.

      The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between a higher
      shareholder’s return that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages of a higher capital
      position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions. No changes in the
      objectives, policies or processes for managing capital were made during the reporting period.

      For capital management purpose, the directors of the Company regard the total equity presented on the consolidated
      statement of financial position as capital.

      The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements except for (i) subsidiaries engaged in securities
      broking services, placing and underwriting services, investment advisory services and asset management services which are
      regulated entities under the SFC and subject to the respective minimum capital requirements; and (ii) a subsidiary engaged
      in insurance brokerage services is subject to the Insurance (Financial and Other Requirements for Licensed Insurance
      Broker Companies) Rules (“Insurance Rules”) and is required to maintain minimum net asset. The subsidiaries monitor the
      liquid capital on a daily basis to ensure fulfilment of the minimum and notification level of the liquid capital requirements
      under the SFO and the minimum net assets under the Insurance Rules.

      During the years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025, the subsidiaries, which is subject to minimum capital requirements
      imposed by the respective regulatory authorities, complied with all minimum capital requirements.




184    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2026

49. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   (a)   Subscription of Convertible Note and Warrant in Cango Inc.
         On 1 April 2026, the Group and Cango Inc. (“Cango”) entered into (i) a securities purchase agreement, pursuant
         to which Cango issued and sold and the Company subscribed for a two-year zero-coupon convertible note in the
         aggregate principal amount of USD10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$78,000,000), convertible into Class A
         ordinary shares of Cango at a conversion price of USD1.62 per share and a warrant to purchase up to 370,370 Class A
         ordinary shares of Cango at an exercise price of USD2.70 per share.

   (b)   Repurchase and Cancellation
         During the period from 19 March 2026 to 28 April 2026, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 28,996,000
         ordinary shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited for a total consideration of approximately
         HK$35,430,000 (excluding transaction costs). Out of these repurchased shares, 20,266,000 shares were cancelled in
         May 2026.

   (c)   Grant of Award Shares
         On 29 April 2026, the Board approved the grant of 23,650,000 award shares to three executive directors and 23
         employees under the Company’s 2025 Restricted Share Award Scheme, with a closing price of HK$1.08 per share on
         the date of grant.

   (d)   Subscription of ONE Carmel Estate Residence Lot A LPF
         On 2 June 2026, the Group entered into a subscription agreement in relation to the subscription of a limited
         partnership interest in the Fund for a capital commitment of US$5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
         HK$39,000,000).

   (e)   Subscription of Class B shares of ARTi Holding Limited
         On 4 June 2026, the Group entered into a subscription agreement to acquire 500 Class B shares of ARTi Holding
         Limited for an aggregate consideration of US$1,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$11,700,000).




                                                                 DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026     185
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


A summary of the results and of the assets, equity and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is as follows.

                                                                                   Year ended 31 March
RESULTS                                                      2026             2025             2024            2023              2022
                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000

Revenue                                                   323,685            189,660             202,353      191,116          309,065
Profit/(Loss) before income tax expense                   371,868            137,304             104,837      (43,759)         120,536
Income tax expense                                         (4,604)              (208)             (4,934)      (5,418)         (10,761)
Profit/(Loss) for the year                                367,264            137,096              99,903      (49,177)         109,775


                                                                                        As at 31 March
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                       2026             2025                2024         2023              2022
                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000

Current assets                                         1,068,405            617,240             597,990      657,928          679,742
Non-current assets                                     2,285,941            672,685             478,442      236,758          235,038
Total assets                                           3,354,346          1,289,925            1,076,432     894,686          914,780
Current liabilities                                      529,936            252,215             342,354      417,548          304,809
Non-current liabilities                                  102,987             89,917             213,113       41,390           83,810
Total liabilities                                        632,923            342,132             555,467      458,938          388,619
Net assets                                             2,721,423            947,793             520,965      435,748          526,161
EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the Group             2,687,040            917,636             520,965      435,748          526,161
Non-controlling interests                                 34,383             30,157                   –            –                –
Total equity                                           2,721,423            947,793             520,965      435,748          526,161


Note: The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.




186       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2025/2026
