CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                       2
Chairman’s Statement                                        3
Management Discussion and Analysis                         5
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management   12
Corporate Governance Report                               16
Report of the Directors                                    25
Independent Auditor’s Report                               36
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
  Other Comprehensive Income                               44
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position              45
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity               46
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                      47
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements            48
Financial Highlights                                      128
CORPORATE INFORMATION


REGISTERED OFFICE                                             REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive                                Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)
P.O. Box 2681                                                 Ms. Jiang Xinrong
Grand Cayman                                                  Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and
KY1-1111                                                        Chen Stanley)
Cayman Islands

                                                              NOMINATION COMMITTEE
HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
                                                              Ms. Jiang Xinrong (Chairman)
  BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Unit 2902, Vertical Square                                    Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
28 Heung Yip Road                                             Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and
Wong Chuk Hang                                                  Chen Stanley)
Hong Kong
  (with effect from 30 October 2020)                          PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                                TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS
COMPANY’S WEBSITE                                             Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
https://www.dlglobalholdings.com                              Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                                              P.O. Box 2681
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                           Grand Cayman
Ms. Jiang Xinrong (Chairman)                                  KY1-1111
Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chief executive officer)                     Cayman Islands


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                       HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                         AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                              Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
Mr. Li Ren
                                                              Room 2103B, 21/F, 148 Electric Road
                                                              North Point
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                           Hong Kong
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and        PRINCIPAL BANKER
  Chen Stanley)                                               Bank of Communications (Hong Kong) Limited
Mr. Liu Chun (Appointed with effect from 22 April 2020)       20 Pedder Street, Central,
                                                              Hong Kong
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Chin Ying Ying, CPA                                       AUDITOR
                                                              Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                    Level 12
                                                              28 Hennessy Road, Wan Chai
Mr. Chen Ningdi
                                                              Hong Kong
Ms. Chin Ying Ying

                                                              STOCK CODE
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                               1709
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and
  Chen Stanley)
Mr. Liu Chun




2       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”), I am pleased to present the annual results of DL Holdings Group
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2021 (the “Reporting Period”).

BUSINESS REVIEW
During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$426.6 million representing an increase of
approximately 88.4% compared to that of the year ended 31 March 2020; and a total comprehensive income attributable to the owners
of the Company of approximately HK$200.8 million, representing a turnaround from a total comprehensive loss attributable to the
owners of the Company of approximately HK$51.4 million.

Our financial services of licensed business and money lending services business which commenced in November 2019 had
demonstrated a substantial growth and became the major revenue contributor regardless of the COVID-19 pandemic, mainly
attributable to our strong organic growth in the provision of financial services of licensed business including financial advisory services;
securities research services; securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; and investment
management and advisory services, and provision of money lending services (together, the “Financial Services Businesses”). Revenue
derived from the Financial Services Businesses during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately HK$288.2 million, which made
up approximately 67.6% of the total revenue in the Group, and the increase in revenue derived from the Financial Services Businesses
totally offset the plummet in the revenue derived from the apparel business.

The outbreak of COVID-19 had repercussion for not just our Group’s apparel business development, but for the entire world. The impact
of the pandemic had put our business in sales of apparel products under pressure, resulting in a decline in segment revenue in the
Reporting Period when compared to the year ended 31 March 2020.

The success of the Financial Services Businesses was proven by the level of profits brought to the Group despite the challenging business
environment in the Reporting Period, and the Financial Services Businesses played an extremely vital role in diversifying risks and
expanding income streams to the Group. Thus, our Group managed to maintain and even generate sustainable growth and returns to
the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”).

FUTURE OUTLOOK
The financial services business was able to grow considerably during the Reporting Period. It has proven to be a key revenue driver of
the Group under the difficult and uncertain economic outlook. Given the homecoming listings of China concepts stocks, the financial
industry in Hong Kong has shown more promising growth. With our outstanding management and seasoned professionals, the Group is
well positioned to grasp development opportunities to expand business portfolio in order to continue to improve service quality,
reduce operating costs and maximise returns for Shareholders.

Overall, in the face of the complex international economic and social situation, the Group will focus more on the construction and
maintenance of a friendly-activist investment platform. Looking forward, the Group is optimistic that the financial services business will
continue to contribute as a significant revenue driver to the Group. The Group will continue to strengthen the sales and distribution
network and identify business partners in respect of the financial services business to expand its financial advisory services, securities
research, referral services, securities trading and brokerage services, margin financing services and investment management and
advisory services, so as to enhance its income streams with an aim to drive sustainable growth of the Group. The Group has acquired an
investment manager in Cayman Islands and an investment manager in Singapore and will further develop its asset management
services by obtaining the license for type 9 (asset management) regulated activity under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter
571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). The Group has incorporated 18 limited partnership funds in Hong Kong which mainly invests in private
equities subsequent to the end of the Reporting Period. The Group will also expand the wealth management services by utilising the
alternative investments platform and family office platform.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021            3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to all the staff for their hard work and dedication and thank all our
Shareholders, clients and business partners for their continuous support.

                                                                                                     DL Holdings Group Limited
                                                                                                          Ms. Jiang Xinrong
                                                                                                     Chairman & Executive Director

Hong Kong, 24 June 2021




4      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW
Following the acquisition of DL Securities (HK) Limited (“DL Securities”) and DA Finance (HK) Limited (“DA Finance”), the Group
marched into the industry of financial services. During the Reporting Period, despite the uncertainties cast on the global economic
prospect by the outbreak of COVID-19, the Group is expanding its financial services of licensed business, including, financial advisory
services; securities research services; securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; and
investment management and advisory services, and money lending services, (the “Financial Services Businesses”) rapidly. During the
Reporting Period, the Group recorded significant increase in revenue by approximately 88.4% to approximately HK$426.6 million (2020:
HK$226.4 million). Driven by the increase in revenue, gross profit increased dramatically by approximately 702.5% to approximately
HK$245.5 million (2020: HK$30.6 million), and the Group recorded a total comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the
Company of approximately HK$200.8 million, achieving a turnaround from total comprehensive loss attributable to the owners of the
Company of approximately HK$51.4 million in the year ended 31 March 2020.

Provision of financial services of licensed business
The financial services provided by the licensed business of the Group include financial advisory services; securities research services;
securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; and investment management and advisory
services.

The financial advisory services provided by the Group include advising clients on corporate finance. During the Reporting Period, the
Group has provided financial advisory services to its clients from different industry sectors, including communications, industrial,
consumer, technology and financial sectors, of which approximately 82% are companies listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

The securities research services include conducting research by the in-house analysts of the Group and producing research reports for
clients of our securities trading and brokerage and margin financing services.

The securities trading and brokerage services include trading securities on behalf of clients. As at 31 March 2021, the Group has 197
securities brokerage clients. During the Reporting Period, the transaction amount for the securities trading and brokerage services
amounted to approximately HK$4,518 million. As at 31 March 2021, the total customer asset size for brokerage services amounted to
approximately HK$2,275 million.

The margin financing business includes provision of stock-secured financing for retail, corporate and high-net-worth clients who need
financing to purchase securities. As at 31 March 2021, the loan receivables from margin financing services amounted to approximately
HK$33.4 million.

The referral services includes (a) advising, sourcing and referring investment targets and/or investors to institutional funds; (b)
connecting projects with clients and buyers with clients; and (c) coordinating, advising on and executing fundraising projects. During
the Reporting Period, the Group mainly provided referral services to financial sector clients.

The investment management services include managing the investment portfolio and asset allocation of offshore funds. During the
Reporting Period, the Group had acquired a licensed entity in the Cayman Islands (“Cayman Investment Manager”) and a licensed
entity in Singapore (“Singapore Investment Manager”) engaging in provision of investment management services, and the
management fees charged by the Cayman Investment Manager and the Singapore Investment Manager contributed to the revenue of
the Group during the Reporting Period. The investment advisory services include providing securities advisory services to clients. As at
31 March 2021, the assets under investment management and assets subject to investment advisory services of the Group were
approximately HK$4,167 million. During the Reporting Period, the service fees charged by the Group for managing the assets under
investment management amounted to approximately HK$128.6 million.

For the year ended 31 March 2021, the segment revenue for provision of financial services of licensed business was approximately
HK$288.2 million (2020: HK$12.9 million) and segment profit was approximately HK$178.2 million (2020: HK$3.9 million).


                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The significant increase in segment revenue and segment profit was attributable to the first full year operation and expansion of the
financial services of licensed business, in particular, by the service fees of approximately HK$128.6 million recognised as a result of the
acquisition of the Cayman Investment Manager and the placing commission of approximately HK$72.4 million for the year ended 31
March 2021.

Provision of money lending services
The Group’s money lending business mainly targets customers who wish to obtain trade financing.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for provision of money lending services was approximately HK$4.9 million (2020:
HK$0.6 million) and segment profit was approximately HK$2.3 million (2020: HK$0.3 million). The increase in segment revenue and
segment profit was attributable to an increase in loan receivables from money lending services to approximately HK$92.8 million as at
31 March 2021 (31 March 2020: HK$31.9 million), resulting in an increase in interest received or accrued.

Provision of asset management services
In May 2020, DJT Partners Limited, the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, has subscribed for and holds all the management shares of a
fund incorporated in the Cayman Islands.

During the Reporting Period, the segment profit for provision of asset management services was approximately HK$44.9 million (31
March 2020: Nil). The increase in segment profit was primarily attributable to the fair value gain on the investment of the financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss.

Sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions to customers
The sale of apparel products business includes selling apparels and sourcing suppliers and third-party manufacturers to produce
apparels that meet the requirements of the customers of the Group (“Sale of Apparel Products Business”) and the supply chain
management total solutions business (together with the Sale of Apparel Products Business, the “Apparel Business”) include market
trend analysis, design and product development, sourcing, production management, quality control and logistics services.

During the Reporting Period, the Group explored business opportunities with e-commerce customers and Direct to Consumer (D to C)
model brands by selling apparels products to them and arranging the delivery of goods from factory to customer distribution centers of
clients or from factory directly to final customers of clients.

Given the global business environment of the Apparel Business remained challenging due to the COVID-19 outbreak, global economic
uncertainty and international trade conflict, particularly the US-China trade conflicts, and the retail industry in the Americas had
proven to be increasingly difficult with several well-known and established retailers as well as other independent retailers closing down
operations in the United States in 2018, the Group saw a decrease in the sales order from its customers in Europe, America and Middle
East regions for the Reporting Period, whereas the sales orders from its customers in the Asia Pacific region recorded an increase as (i)
the region was less affected by COVID-19 Pandemic and international trade conflict; and (ii) new orders from customers with
e-commerce focus and Direct to Consumer (D to C) model brands has partially off-set the impact of the decrease in demand of apparel
products from traditional brick-to-motor clients.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
During the Reporting Period, the Group reported revenue of approximately HK$426.6 million, representing an increase of
approximately 88.4% from approximately HK$226.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2020. The significant increase was mainly
attributable to the increase in revenue contributed by the Financial Services Businesses and was offset, to some extent, by the decrease
in the segment revenue of the Apparel Business.




6       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Reporting Period, the provision of financial services of licensed business, money lending business and the Apparel Business
contributed segment revenue of approximately HK$288.2 million, HK$4.9 million and HK$133.5 million respectively, and the provision
of financial services of licensed business has become the major revenue contributor during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of the provision of financial services of licensed business increased to approximately
HK$288.2 million from approximately HK$12.9 million for the year ended 31 March 2020, which represents an increase of
approximately 2,132.7%. It was mainly attributable to the first full year of operation and in the diversified income stream arising from
the management fees of the Cayman Investment Manager of approximately HK$128.6 million and the placing commission of HK$72.4
million.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of the money lending services increased to approximately HK$4.9 million from
approximately HK$0.6 million for the year ended 31 March 2020, which represents an increase of approximately 700.3%. It was mainly
attributable to the increase in interest received or accrued from the increase in loan receivables.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for the Apparel Business decreased to approximately HK$133.5 million from
approximately HK$212.9 million for the year ended 31 March 2020, representing a decrease of approximately 37.3% and segment loss
was approximately HK$5.5 million. The Apparel Business continues to suffer from challenges in the global business environment and
fierce competition under the outbreaks of COVID-19 and international trade conflicts.

Cost of sales/services
The Group’s cost of sales/services primarily consists of cost of goods sold from the Apparel Business and cost of services from Financial
Services Businesses. The cost of goods sold from the Apparel Business mainly consists of (i) fees charged by third-party manufacturers
and (ii) cost of raw materials occasionally purchased by the Group and passed to third-party manufacturers for their production of
salesman samples, and the costs of services from the Financial Services Businesses mainly consist of sub-referral fee to business vendors
and expenses for placement projects. The cost of sales/services decreased to approximately HK$181.1 million for the year ended 31
March 2021 from approximately HK$195.8 million for the year ended 31 March 2020, representing a decrease of approximately 7.5%.
Such decrease was attributable to a decrease in the cost of sales for the Apparel Business of approximately 40% to HK$117.1 million for
the year ended 31 March 2021 which was in line with the decrease in revenue from the Apparel Business, and was offset by the increase
in cost of services for the Financial Services Businesses primarily from the financial services of licensed business by approximately
6,302% to HK$64.0 million.

Gross profit and gross profit margins
The gross profit of the Group was approximately HK$245.5 million for the year ended 31 March 2021 as compared with approximately
HK$30.6 million for the year ended 31 March 2020, which represents an increase of 702.5% mainly attributable to the contribution of
gross profit of approximately HK$224.2 million from the Financial Services Businesses.

Other gains/(losses), net
During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded net other gains of approximately HK$83.0 million with respect to net other losses of
approximately HK$39.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2020. It was mainly attributable to the (i) gains on sales of financial assets
at fair value through profit or loss due to the sales of listed equities of approximately HK$14.9 million when compared to losses on
sales of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss due to the sales of listed equities of approximately HK$38.1 million for the
year ended 31 March 2020; and (ii) the net fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of approximately
HK$63.3 million when compared to fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of approximately HK$1.2
million for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Selling expenses
Selling expenses mainly consist of sales commission paid to external sales representatives and staff costs of in-house staff whose roles
are mainly focusing on sourcing new customers. Selling expenses decreased to approximately HK$5.4 million for the year ended 31
March 2021 from approximately HK$6.5 million for the year ended 31 March 2020, representing a decrease of approximately 17.4%
which was in line with the decrease in revenue from the Apparel Business.

                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


General and administrative expenses
General and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee benefit expenses, entertainment and travelling expenses,
depreciation of property, plant and equipment, legal and professional fees and other miscellaneous general and administrative
expenses. General and administrative expenses increased to approximately HK$100.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2021 from
approximately HK$36.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2020, representing an increase of approximately 178.8%. Such increase was
mainly due to (i) the increase in the number of staff from 42 to 61 during the year ended 31 March 2021 and the consequential increase
in salary expenses of approximately HK$13.9 million and (ii) increase in share based payment expenses due to granting of share options
to certain directors and employees of approximately HK$28.9 million.

Finance costs
The overall finance cost increased from approximately HK$0.2 million for the year ended 31 March 2020 to approximately HK$2.1
million for the year ended 31 March 2021 which was mainly attributable to the interest expenses on margin financing and promissory
note incurred by the Group.

As at 31 March 2021, the Group had no bank borrowings, while the Group had bank borrowings with average interest rate per annum
at 2.69% for the year ended 31 March 2020.

Profit/loss and total comprehensive income/loss attributable to owners of the Company
Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$200.8 million for the year ended 31 March
2021 while the total comprehensive loss attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$51.4 million for the year ended
31 March 2020. The turnaround from total comprehensive loss to total comprehensive income was mainly attributable to the
contribution of segment profits of approximately HK$180.5 million from the Financial Services Businesses.

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group mainly financed its operations with its own working capital. As at 31 March 2021 and
2020, the Group had net current assets of approximately HK$287.1 million and HK$135.8 million respectively, including cash and cash
equivalents of approximately HK$56.2 million and HK$50.7 million respectively. The Group’s current ratio decreased from
approximately 3.98 as at 31 March 2020 to approximately 3.47 as at 31 March 2021. Such decrease was mainly due to increase in
current liabilities, particular in trade, bills and other payable and promissory note.

As at 31 March 2021, the Group has no bank borrowings as compared with approximately HK$6.4 million as at 31 March 2020.

As at 31 March 2021, the Group’s other borrowings include unlisted bonds and promissory note.

During the Reporting Period, for the purpose of the strengthening the capital of the Group, the Company completed the issuance of 5%
coupon unlisted bonds to independent third party subscribers with an aggregate principal amount of HK$6 million repayable in 2027
and 2028, respectively. The unlisted bonds are unsecured and not guaranteed.

During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the issuance of the interest-free promissory note in the aggregate principal
amount of US$3.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$27.3 million) to the target company, Carmel Reserve LLC, to satisfy part of
the consideration pursuant to the Subscription Agreement (as defined in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis —
Significant Investments” in this annual report). The promissory note is repayable in December 2021 and was partially repaid during the
Reporting Period, therefore, as at 31 March 2021, the promissory note payables amounted to approximately HK$22.4 million.

As at 31 March 2021, all the borrowings of the Group are with fixed interest rates and denominated in US dollars and Hong Kong
dollars.

As at 31 March 2021, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly held in US dollars and Hong Kong dollars.




8      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Details of changes in the Company’s share capital are set out in note 24 to this report.

Gearing ratio is calculated by dividing total debts (including bank borrowings, bonds payable, promissory note and lease liabilities) by
total equity as at the end of the reporting period. The Group’s gearing ratio increased from approximately 6.8% as at 31 March 2020 to
approximately 7.8% as at 31 March 2021.

TREASURY POLICIES
The Group adopts prudent treasury policies. The Group’s management performs an ongoing credit evaluation of the financial
conditions of its customers in order to reduce the Group’s exposure of credit risk. In addition to these ongoing credit evaluations, the
Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of the Group’s assets, liabilities and
commitments can meet its funding requirements.

COMMITMENTS
The Group’s contractual commitments primarily related to the leases of its office premises. As at 31 March 2021, the Group has no lease
commitments for short-term lease (2020: HK$4,000). As at 31 March 2021, the Group did not have any significant capital commitments
(31 March 2020: nil).

CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The capital structure of the Group consists of (i) other borrowings and net cash and cash equivalents, and (ii) equity attributable to
owners of the Group, comprising issued capital and other reserves.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS
(i)   In May 2020, DJT Partners Limited, the Group’s wholly owned subsidiary, has subscribed for and holds all the management
      shares of a Cayman private fund (“Cayman Fund”).

      As at 31 March 2021, the Cayman Fund had set up one segregated portfolio, DJT Equity Series SPC — Heritage Distress SP (the
      “Segregated Portfolio”) with expected fund size of HK$120 million and the Company had subscribed for participating shares of
      the Segregated Portfolio in the sum of HK$100 million, representing 90.6% of the participating shares of the Segregated Portfolio.
      In February 2021, there was a restructuring of the Cayman Fund whereby an investment manager was appointed and the day-to-
      day investment decisions, management and operation was delegated by its directors to the investment manager (the
      “Restructuring”). As a result of the Restructuring, the Group ceased to have control over the Cayman Fund. As such, the fair value
      of the retained interests in the Cayman Fund was reclassified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and no longer
      consolidated in the financial statements of the Company as at 31 March 2021.

      The investment objective of the Segregated Portfolio is to generate returns for its participating shareholders by investing in
      publicly-listed stocks of the companies listed on the Stock Exchange, and/or publicly-listed stocks of the companies listed on
      Shanghai Stock Exchange through Shanghai Connect and/or publicly-listed stocks of the companies listed on Shenzhen Stock
      Exchange through Shenzhen Connect (the “Portfolio Companies”). Particularly, the investment strategy of the Segregated
      Portfolio would be to hold minority interests in the Portfolio Companies. In selecting the Portfolio Companies, the Segregated
      Portfolio shall invest in companies which are either (i) constituents of the Hang Seng Composite Index; (ii) companies with market
      capitalisation of HK$3.5 billion or above; or (iii) companies with daily share turnover rate not lower than 0.05%.

      As at 31 March 2021, the fair value of the investment in the Cayman Fund amounted to approximately HK$119.6 million, which
      represents approximately 19.2% of the total assets of the Group as at 31 March 2021. No dividend was received from this
      investment by the Group during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, there is a fair value gain of approximately
      HK$3.9 million arising from this investment.

      The investment strategy of the Group in the Cayman Fund would be enhancing investment returns for the Group by realising the
      capital gains at the end of the term of the Segregated Portfolio.


                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

(ii)   On 21 August 2020, DL Investment Holdings US, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Subscriber”), and Carmel
       Reserve LLC (the “Target Company”) entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”). The Target
       Company is an associate of Ms. Jiang, the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and executive Director and Mr. Chen Ningdi,
       the executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company (the “Chief Executive Officer”). As such, the Target Company is
       a connected person of the Company. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Target Company has conditionally agreed to
       issue and allot to the Subscriber, and the Subscriber has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, 27.06% of the interest in the Target
       Company as a class B member as enlarged by the subscription in two tranches at the consideration of US$5,000,000 (equivalent
       to approximately HK$39,000,000) which represents a post-money enterprise value of the Target Company of approximately
       US$35,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$273,000,000) (the “Subscription”). The Subscription has completed on 30
       December 2020 and the consideration was satisfied by a combination of cash and the issuance of promissory note by the
       Company.

       The Target company is principally engaged in the investment, construction and development of an ultra-luxury real estate
       project. The investment of the Group in the Target Company is stated at fair value and is recorded as financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss. As at 31 March 2021, the fair value of the investment in the Target Company amounted to approximately
       HK$71.2 million, which represents approximately 11.3% of the total assets of the Group as at 31 March 2021. No dividend was
       received from this investment by the Group during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, there is a fair value gain of
       approximately HK$33.2 million arising from this investment.

       The Subscription represents the first real estate investment of the Group. Notwithstanding the fact that the Subscription interest
       bears no management rights or control on the Target Company, having considered that the Group has been expanding its
       investment portfolio, the Board is of the view that being a passive financial investor in the Target Company, the Group will be
       able to enjoy the future potential profit through distribution to be made by the Target Company.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2021, the Group has no significant investments accounting for more than 5% of the Group’s
total assets.

The Group adopts prudent and pragmatic investment strategies over its significant investment to generate investment return with a
view to better utilise the capital and funds of the Group. Factors including but not limited to the investee’s financial performance,
prospect, dividend policy and associated risk of the investment were considered for investment decisions.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures for the year ended 31 March
2021.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
There was no specific plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 March 2021. In the event that the Group is engaged in any
plan for material investments or capital assets, the Company will make announcement(s) and comply with relevant rules under the
Rules (the “Listing Rules”) Governing the Listing of Securities of the Stock Exchange as and when appropriate.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group did not have material contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2021 and 2020.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE
The Group’s exposure to currency risk primarily related to Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”). As at 31 March 2021 and
2020, foreign exchange risk on financial assets and liabilities denominated in RMB was insignificant to the Group. Although the Group’s
revenue and major expenses are mainly in United States Dollars (“US$”), which is the functional currency of the Group, as HK$ is
pegged to US$, the Group does not expect any significant movement in the US$/HK$ exchange rate. The Group does not undertake any
foreign currency hedging and does not use any financial instrument for hedging purposes currently.


10      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


CHARGE ON GROUP ASSETS
As at 31 March 2021, the Group did not pledge any of its assets (31 March 2020: nil) as securities for any facilities granted to the Group.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 March 2021 and 2020, the Group employed a total of 61 and 42 full-time employees respectively. The Group’s employee benefit
expenses mainly include salaries, wages, other staff benefits and contributions to retirement schemes. For the years ended 31 March
2021 and 2020, the Group’s total employee benefit expenses (including Directors’ emoluments) amounted to approximately HK$64.2
million and HK$21.1 million respectively. Remuneration is determined with reference to market terms and the performance,
qualification and experience of individual employee. In addition to a basic salary, year-end bonuses would be discretionarily offered to
employees in accordance with their performance.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Group mainly carries out its businesses in Hong Kong. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made
all reasonable enquiries, the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations in Hong Kong that have a significant impact on
the Group during the Reporting Period.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
The Group aims to protect the environment by minimising environmental adverse impacts in its daily operations, such as energy saving
and recycling of office resources. The Group will continue to seek for better environmental practices and promote the right
environmental attitudes within the organisation. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all
reasonable enquiries, the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations regarding environmental protection, health and
safety, workplace conditions and employment during the Reporting Period.

RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group recognises its employees as one of the valuable assets of the Group and the Group strictly complies with the labour laws and
regulations in Hong Kong and regularly reviews the existing staff benefits for improvement during the Reporting Period. Apart from the
reasonable remuneration packages, the Group also offers other employee benefits, such as medical insurance, etc.

The Group provides good quality services to the customers and maintains a good relationship with them. The Group keeps a database
for direct communications with recurring customers for developing long-term business relationships.

The Group also maintains effective communication and develops a long-term trust relationship with its suppliers. During the Reporting
Period, there was no material dispute or disagreement between the Group and its suppliers.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Since 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this report, there is no significant event affecting the Group that have occurred.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           11
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. Jiang Xinrong (江欣榮) (‘‘Ms. Jiang’’), aged 38, has been appointed as an executive Director and Chairman of the Board with effect
from 18 June 2019 and 28 February 2020 respectively. Ms. Jiang, obtained a Bachelor Degree of Arts in Communication, International
Journalism and English Broadcasting from the Communication University of China in June 2005 and a Master Degree in Media
Management and Social Science from the Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2008. Ms. Jiang has years of experience in the
financial services industry and media industry. In 2012, Ms. Jiang founded DL Family Office (HK) Limited (‘‘DL Family Office’’), which is
currently a corporation licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission to conduct Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 9 (asset
management) regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the ‘‘SFO’’). DL
Family Office is to provide a total financial solution for high net worth individuals and their families as a multi-family office. Ms. Jiang
was a responsible officer of DL Family Office from July 2015 until her resignation in June 2019. Prior to founding DL Family Office, Ms.
Jiang was a Senior Vice President at J.P. Morgan Private Bank’s Hong Kong Team from April 2011 to July 2012. Ms. Jiang was a Senior
Vice President of Standard Chartered Private Bank’s China Team from July 2010 to April 2011 and an Associate of HSBC Private Bank’s
China Team from May 2008 to July 2010. From November 2003 to February 2008, Ms. Jiang was a television host in Phoenix Television.
Ms. Jiang was also the champion of the 2003 Miss Chinese Cosmo Pageant. Ms. Jiang is the spouse of Mr. Chen Ningdi, an executive
Director and the Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Jiang is a director of DL Global Holdings Limited, a company having an interest in the
shares of the Company (“Shares”) and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors — Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Ms. Jiang’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2021 which would fall to
be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.

Mr. Chen Ningdi (陳寧迪), aged 42, has been appointed as an executive Director and Chief Executive Officer with effect from 28
February 2020 and 27 March 2020 respectively. He has over 20 years of experience in global financial industry. He founded DL Securities
and DL Family Office in the years of 2011 and 2012. He subsequently became the responsible officer of DL Securities for its Type 4
(advising on securities) and Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) regulated activities under the SFO from 2012 to 2015, and during the
period from 2013 to 2015, he was also the responsible officer of DL Securities for its Type 1 (dealing in securities) regulated activities
under the SFO. During the above period, he has been substantially involved in numerous projects in global capital market. Mr. Chen
Ningdi was an executive director and founding member of Great China Strategic Capital and Primus Pacific Partners, both of which are
private equity firms. Mr. Chen Ningdi previously worked for HSBC Global Investment Banking in Hong Kong, Equity-Linked Capital
Markets of HSBC Group in London, HSBC Debt Markets Client Group in Hong Kong. Mr. Chen Ningdi obtained his degree of Bachelor of
Arts (Hons) in both Economics and Statistics from the University of Chicago in the year of 2001. Mr. Chen Ningdi is the spouse of Ms.
Jiang, an executive Director and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Chen Ningdi is a director of DA Wolf and Rapid Raise Investments Limited,
companies having interest in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors — Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Chen Ningdi’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2021 which fall to
be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.




*    For identification purposes only



12         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek (陳冠樺) (formerly known as Chan Chi Hung Derek) (“Mr. Chan”), aged 50, has been appointed as a non-
executive Director with effect from 27 March 2020. Mr. Chan is the managing director of Kingston Corporate Finance Limited. He is
principally engaged in leading and planning investment banking and financial consultation services, including sponsorship for initial
public offerings, structured finance, merger & acquisitions, asset restructuring and corporate governance advisory services. He has
earned over 20 years of experience from a few renowned securities firms and global financial institutions. Mr. Chan had worked with
Kingston Financial Group Limited from 2004 to 2008 and rejoined in January 2014. He holds a Master of Business Administration in the
University of Strathclyde in 1999 and a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration in the University of Regina in 1994. He is a
responsible officer of Kingston Securities Limited for its Type 1 (dealing in securities) regulated activities and Kingston Corporate Finance
Limited for its Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) regulated activities under the SFO. He serves as a non-executive director of Jimu
Group Limited (Stock Code: 8187), the issued shares of which are listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange since October 2020.

Mr. Li Ren (李韌) (“Mr. Li”), aged 56, has been appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 17 April 2019. Mr. Li obtained a
bachelor degree in optical instruments in June 1987 in Zhejiang University and Master of Business Administration in China Europe
International Business School in September 2012. Mr. Li is currently the chairman of the board of directors of Letright Industrial Corp.
Ltd., which was founded by Mr. Li in May 1999 and formerly known as Hangzhou Zhongyi Trading Ltd.* (杭州中藝經貿有限公司) and
principally engages in the business of research and development, design, manufacture of outdoor furniture. From July 1987 to July
1988, Mr. Li worked in Hangzhou Optical Instrument Factory* (杭州光學儀器廠) in which he was responsible for engineering work.
From 1988 to 1995, Mr. Li worked in Hangzhou Light Industry Crafts Textile Import and Export Corporation* (杭州輕工工藝紡織品進
出口公司) in which he was responsible for foreign trading. From May 1995 to May 1999, he worked in the sales department of Zhongyi
International Advertising Exhibition Company* (中藝國際廣告展覽公司).

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors — Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Li’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2021 which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (張世澤) (“Mr. Chang”), aged 41, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect
from 25 May 2018. Mr. Chang received his bachelor of commerce degree from the University of British Columbia in May 2002. Mr.
Chang worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd. during the period from September 2002 to September 2013 and his last position there
was senior manager. During the period from October 2013 to July 2015, Mr. Chang was the chief financial officer of a property
development company. Mr. Chang is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and also a registered
member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Chang is an independent non-executive director of Transmit
Entertainment Limited (Stock Code: 1326), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Chang
was an independent non-executive director of Centenary United Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1959), the issued shares of which are
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, between September 2019 to May 2020. Mr. Chang was appointed as the company
secretary of Pa Shun International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 574), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange from May 2019 to August 2019. Mr. Chang was a non-executive director of Sino Vision Worldwide Holdings Limited
(Stock Code: 8086), the issued shares of which are listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange, between May 2017 and July 2018.




*   For identification purposes only



                                                                            DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           13
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (陳政璉) (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley), aged 42, has been appointed as an independent
non-executive Director with effect from 27 March 2020. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien has over 10 years’ experience in finance and investment
field as well as technology industry. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien is currently the chief executive officer of Cornucopia Innovation Corporation, a
subsidiary of Solomon Technology Corporation (“Solomon”, together with its subsidiaries “Solomon Group”), a company listed on
Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code: 2359TW). Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien joined Solomon Group in September 2005 and he was a member of
the board of directors of Solomon from July 2008 to January 2013. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien was also a member of the board of directors of
Solomon Goldentek Display Corporation from June 2014 to March 2018. Since December 2009, Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien has been a
member of the board of directors of Data International Co. Ltd., a company listed on GreTai Securities Market of the Taiwan Stock
Exchange (stock code: 5432TW). He served as an independent non-executive director of China Shun Ke Long Holdings Limited (Stock
Code: 974), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange from October 2018 to July 2020. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien was also a
member of board of directors of United Test and Assembly Center Ltd. from June 2007 to October 2007. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien was an
analyst of JP Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited from July 2004 to September 2005 and a research analyst of Prudence International
Advisory Limited from July 2003 to May 2004.

Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien obtained a bachelor of science in liberal arts and sciences degree from the University of Illinois at Urbana
Champaign, the United States in December 2001, a master degree in financial engineering from the University of California, Berkeley in
May 2003 and master of business administration degree in May 2008 from Cornell University, the United States. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
obtained an EMBA degree at China Europe International School in Shanghai, the People’s Republic of China in August 2019.

Mr. Liu Chun (劉春) (“Mr. Liu”), aged 53, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 22 April 2020.
He has over 20 years of experience in the media industry. He is currently the senior vice president of Phoenix New Media Ltd, a
company listed by way of American depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: FENG) since 2018. He is also an
independent director of Vipshop Holdings Limited, a company listed by way of American depositary shares on the New York Stock
Exchange (symbol: VIPS) since 2013. He was a director and the chief cultural officer of Zhongnanhong Cultural Group Co., Ltd* (中南紅
文化集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the SME board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002445) and the president
of its subsidiary, Jiangsu Zhongnan Film Co., Ltd.* (江蘇中南影業有限公司) from 2015 to 2018. He was a vice president of Sohu.com
Limited, a company listed by way of American depositary shares on the NASDAQ Stock Market (symbol: SOHU) from 2011 to 2013.
During his tenure at Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Ltd between 2000 and 2011, Mr. Liu last served as the executive director of
Phoenix Chinese TV. He was an executive producer of China Central Television from 1994 to 2000. Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor degree
from the Anhui Normal University major in Chinese in 1983 and a master degree from the Communication University of China in 1991.
He obtained an EMBA degree at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in 2009.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors — Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Liu’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2021 which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.




14      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Cheung Lui (張雷) (“Mr. Cheung”), aged 49, who is the chief executive officer of Seazon Pacific Limited, a subsidiary of the
Company, heads the operations of sales of apparel business. He had also been an executive Director and Chief Executive Officer from
June 2015 to March 2020 overseeing the overall corporate strategies and management of the Group. Mr. Cheung graduated from The
University of Hong Kong with a bachelor’s degree in economics in November 1995. Mr. Cheung spent approximately 10 years in the
banking sector and over 10 years in the garment industry where he gained extensive experience in management skills and knowledge
of garment business.

Ms. Mang Ngai (孟毅) (“Ms. Mang”), aged 58, has numerous years of work experience in the garment industry including design,
product development, sourcing and manufacturing of garment products. Ms. Mang had set up and worked in several garment related
companies since 1992, such as HTP Group Limited, HTP Sourcing Limited and the Sourcing Group. Ms. Mang’s extensive experience
covers the entire vertical span of the supply chain industry including licensing and managing various well-known international brands.
Ms. Mang joined the Group in June 2015 as chief operating officer and is primarily responsible for the sales and marketing activities of
the Group and continue to be responsible for offering advice on industry trends and assisting the Group in expanding its customer base.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         15
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on principles and code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance
Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The Board and the management of the Company are committed to
maintaining and achieving a high standard of corporate governance practices with an emphasis on a quality Board, an effective
accountability system and a healthy corporate culture in order to safeguard the interests of the Shareholders and enhance the business
growth of the Group.

Under code provision E.1.2 of the CG Code, the chairman of the board of director should attend the annual general meeting. He should
also invite the chairmen of the audit, remuneration, nomination and any other committees (as appropriate) to attend. Due to other
business engagements, Ms. Jiang Xinrong, the Chairman and the chairman of the nomination committee of the Company, did not
attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 29 September 2020.

Save as disclosed above, the Company was in compliance with all code provisions set out in the CG Code for the year ended 31 March
2021.

MODEL CODE FOR DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors on terms no less exacting than the
required standard of dealings as set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors by the Company, all Directors confirmed
that they have complied with the required standard of dealings and the Company’s code of conduct concerning securities transactions
by the Directors for the year ended 31 March 2021.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Board consisted of:

Executive Directors                                         Ms. Jiang Xinrong (Chairman)
                                                            Mr. Chen Ningdi *(Chief Executive Officer)

Non-executive Directors                                     Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek
                                                            Mr. Li Ren

Independent non-executive Directors                         Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
                                                            Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
                                                            Mr. Liu Chun (appointed with effect from 22 April 2020)
                                                            Ms. Luk Huen Ling Claire (resigned with effect from 30 September 2020)

*     Mr. Chen Ningdi is the spouse of Ms. Jiang Xinrong


The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors his/her annual written confirmation of his/her
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and accordingly the Company considers each of them to be independent
under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




16      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the year ended 31 March 2021, a total of 14 Board meetings and 2 general meetings were held. The attendance records of each
Director in relation to the Board meetings and general meeting are set out in the table below:

                                                                                               Board meeting        General meeting
                                                                                            attended/eligible      attended/eligible
Name of Directors                                                                                   to attend             to attend
Ms. Jiang Xinrong                                                                                       13/14                     0/2
Mr. Chen Ningdi                                                                                         14/14                     1/2
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                                                                 12/14                     0/2
Mr. Li Ren                                                                                              11/14                     0/2
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                                                                  11/14                     2/2
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                    12/14                     1/2
Mr. Liu Chun (appointed with effect from 22 April 2020)                                                  9/13                     0/2
Ms. Luk Huen Ling Claire (resigned with effect from 30 September 2020)                                   9/10                     1/1

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD
The Board is responsible for maintaining leadership and control of the Group and is collectively responsible for promoting the success
of the Group by directing and supervising the Group’s affairs. The Board focuses on formulating the Group’s overall strategies;
authorising the development plan and budget; monitoring financial and operating performance; reviewing the effectiveness of the
internal control system; and setting the Group’s values and standards. The day-to-day management, administration and operation of
the Group which include implementation of objectives, strategies and plans adopted by the Board, are delegated to the senior
management and overseen by the Chief Executive Officer. The delegated functions are reviewed by the Board periodically to ensure
that they accommodate the needs of the Group.

For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company had a minimum of three independent non-executive Directors and at all times met
the requirements of the Listing Rules that the number of independent non-executive Directors must represent at least one-third of the
Board members and at least one of the independent non-executive Directors has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting
or related financial management expertise.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal actions taken
against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
No corporate governance committee has been established and the Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance
function such as (i) developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, (ii) reviewing and
monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management of the Company, (iii)
reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and (iv)
developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to employees and the Directors, etc.

For the year ended 31 March 2021, regular Board meetings of the Company were held at least four times to review, consider and
approve, among others, annual and interim results and to review the business operations, corporate governance and the effectiveness
of internal control systems and risk management of the Group. The Board holds meetings from time to time whenever necessary. At
least 14 days’ notice of regular Board meetings is given to all Directors and they can include matters for discussion in the agenda as
they think fit. The agenda accompanying Board papers are sent to all Directors at least 3 days before the date of every Board meeting
in order to allow sufficient time for the Directors to review the documents.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021       17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Draft minutes of every Board meeting are circulated to all Directors for their perusal and comments prior to confirmation of the
minutes. The company secretary of the Company is responsible for keeping the minutes of all meetings of the Board and the Company’s
committees.

Every Board member has full access to the advice and services of the company secretary of the Company with a view to ensuring that all
required procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations are followed and they are also entitled to have full access to Board papers
and related materials so that they are able to make an informed decision and to discharge their duties and responsibilities.

CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual. The position of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Ms. Jiang Xinrong and Mr. Chen
Ningdi for the year ended 31 March 2021 respectively. The Company continues to fully support the division of responsibility between
the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer to ensure a balance of power and authority.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”) provide that subject to the manner of retirement by rotation of Directors as
from time to time prescribed by the Listing Rules, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time being shall
retire from office by rotation and that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

Independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a specific term subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance
with the Articles. The term of appointment of the independent non-executive Directors is set out in the section headed “Report of the
Directors — Directors’ Service Contracts/Appointment Letters” in this annual report. Each independent non-executive Director is
required to inform the Company as soon as practicable if there is any change that may affect his/her independence and must provide
an annual confirmation of his/her independence to the Company.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
To assist Directors’ continuing professional development, the Company recommends Directors to attend relevant seminars to develop
and refresh their knowledge and skills. As of 31 March 2021, all the then Directors, namely Ms. Jiang Xinrong, Mr. Chen Ningdi, Mr.
Chan Kwun Wah Derek, Mr. Li Ren, Mr. Chang Eric Jackson, Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
and Mr. Liu Chun had participated in continuous professional development programmes such as external seminars organised by
qualified professional and/or reading materials relevant to the Group’s business or to director’s duties and responsibilities, to develop
and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

All Directors also understand the importance of continuous professional development and are committed to participating in any
suitable training to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.




18      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015. The terms of reference of the
Audit Committee are available at the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment
and removal of external auditor, review the financial statements and significant financial reporting judgement and oversee financial
reporting system, risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

As at the date of this report, the Audit Committee consisted of members, namely Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (chairman of the Audit
Committee), Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley), Mr. Liu Chun (appointed on 22 April 2020), all
being independent non-executive Directors. No member of the Audit Committee is a member of the former or existing independent
auditor of the Company. The Audit Committee has reviewed this report, including the audited consolidated results of the Group for the
year ended 31 March 2021.

According to the current terms of reference, the Audit Committee shall meet at least two times for a financial year. Two meetings were
held by the Audit Committee for the year ended 31 March 2021 and during the meetings, the Audit Committee reviewed the unaudited
interim results as well as the audited annual results of the Group. The record of attendance of each member of the Audit Committee is
set out below:

                                                                                                                  Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Audit Committee                                                                             eligible to attend
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)                                                                                                 1/2
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                              2/2
Mr. Liu Chun (appointed with effect from 22 April 2020)                                                                           2/2
Ms. Luk Huen Ling Claire (resigned with effect from 30 September 2020)                                                            1/1

The Group’s internal control system is reviewed regularly by management. With the view of enhancing the Group’s risk management
and internal control systems, during the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company had appointed an independent consultant to review
the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and recommend actions to improve the Group’s internal controls.

Having considered the results of the review conducted by the independent consultant, the Audit Committee is of the view that the
Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and in compliance with the requirements of code provision C.2.1
of the CG Code for the year ended 31 March 2021 in all material respects.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015. For the year
ended 31 March 2021, it consisted of members, namely Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (chairman of the Remuneration Committee) and Mr.
Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley), all being independent non-executive Directors; and Ms. Jiang
Xinrong, being an executive Director. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available at the websites of the Stock
Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration policy
and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; review management’s remuneration proposals with
reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; and ensure none of the Directors determine their own remuneration.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021       19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Three meetings were held by the Remuneration Committee for the year ended 31 March 2021. In the meetings, the Remuneration
Committee has performed its duties to determine and make recommendations to the Board on the terms of service contracts of newly
appointed Director during the year ended 31 March 2021, as well as performance review and remuneration package of Directors and
senior management. The record of attendance of each member of the Remuneration Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                                   Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Remuneration Committee                                                                       eligible to attend
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)                                                                                                  2/3
Ms. Jiang Xinrong                                                                                                                  3/3
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                               3/3

Details of emoluments of the Directors of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 are set out in note 9 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015. For the year
ended 31 March 2021, it consisted of members, namely Ms. Jiang Xinrong (chairman of the Nomination Committee), being an executive
Director; Mr. Chang Eric Jackson and Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley), all being independent
non-executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available at the websites of the Stock Exchange and
the Company.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board at least annually; identify
individuals suitably qualified to become Board members; access the independence of independent non-executive Directors; and make
recommendations to the Board on matters relating to the appointment and/or re-appointment of Directors.

Two meetings were held by the Nomination Committee for the year ended 31 March 2021. In the meetings, the Nomination Committee
has performed its duties to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, make recommendations to the Board on the
appointment and re-appointment of Directors and assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors. The record of
attendance of each member of the Nomination Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                                   Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Nomination Committee                                                                         eligible to attend
Ms. Jiang Xinrong (Chairman)                                                                                                       2/2
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                                                                                             1/2
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                               2/2

Nomination policy
The Company adopted a nomination policy in compliance with the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2019, which establishes written
guidelines for the Nomination Committee to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and make
recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships with reference to the formulated criteria.
The Board is ultimately responsible for selection and appointment of new Directors.

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the Nomination Committee, has used its best efforts to ensure that Directors
appointed to the Board possess the relevant background, experience and knowledge in business, finance and management skills critical
to the Group’s business to enable the Board to make sound and well considered decisions. Collectively, members of the Board have
competencies in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.




20     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Nomination Process
The Nomination Committee shall assess whether any vacancy on the Board has been created or is expected on a regular basis or as
required.

The Nomination Committee utilises various methods for identifying director candidates, including recommendations from Board
members, management, and professional search firms. All director candidates, including incumbents and candidates nominated by the
Shareholders, are evaluated by the Nomination Committee based upon the director’s background, qualifications, skills and experience
through review of resume, personal interview and performance of background checks. The Nomination Committee retains the
discretion to establish the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary based on the composition, skill sets, age, gender and
experiences of the collective Board rather than on the individual candidate for the purpose of diversity perspectives appropriate to the
requirement of the Group’s business.

Selection Criteria
The Nomination Committee will take into account whether a candidate has the qualifications, skills, experience and gender diversity
that add to and complement the range of background, skills and experience of existing Directors taking also into account the personal
integrity and professional ethics, proven achievement and competence in their field of expertise and the ability to exercise sound
business judgement of the director candidates. Candidates will be considered if they possess skills that are complementary to those of
the existing Board, the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company’s success and such
other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem are in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders.

The Company shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.

Board Diversity Policy
The Board has adopted a policy of diversity of the Board (the “Diversity Policy”). Accordingly, selection of Board members should be
based on a range of aspects, including without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience,
skills, knowledge and length of service.

The Nomination Committee considers the existing size and composition of the Board satisfy the requirements set out in the Diversity
Policy and are adequately diverse for effective decision-making, taking into account the nature and scope of the Group’s operations.
The composition of the Board is reviewed on an annual basis by the Nomination Committee. Throughout the year ended 31 March
2021, the Board comprised of both male and female Directors with various educational background and professional experience.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group that give a true and
fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
and in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the
Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The responsibility of the external
auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on their audit, on the Group’s consolidated financial statements prepared by the
Directors and to report its opinion to the Shareholders. A statement by the auditor about their reporting responsibility is set out in the
independent auditor’s report in this annual report.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Risk Management and Internal Control
The Group emphasises the importance of a sound internal control system which is also indispensable for mitigating the Group’s key risk
exposures. The Group’s system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in operational systems and fulfillment of the business
objectives. The risk management and internal control systems are reviewed on an ongoing basis by the Board in order to make it
practical and effective in providing reasonable assurance in relation to protection of material assets and Shareholders’ interests.

The Group has adopted a three-tier risk management approach to identify, assess and manage different types of risks. As the first line
of defence, business units are responsible for identifying, assessing and monitoring risk associated with each business transaction based
on rules, models and systems developed by the management. The management, as the second line of defence, establishes rules and
models based on the acceptable risk tolerance level as determined by the Board, develops new system for monitoring and controlling
identified risks and provides technical support to business units and oversees their portfolio management. It ensures that risks are
within acceptable range as determined by the Board and that the first line of defence is effective. As the final line of defense, the
independent consultant, as an internal audit function, assists the Audit Committee to review the first and second lines of defence.

The Group is committed to the identification, evaluation and management of risks associated with its business activities through
ongoing assessment by keeping a risk register to consider the likelihood and impact of each identified risk. The Group has also
established procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, whereby business units shall
report to the Chief Executive Officer or Company Secretary of any potential inside information. The Chief Executive Officer or Company
Secretary shall follow the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission (the “SFC”) in
considering whether any disclosure is required and shall seek legal advice where necessary. The Group has implemented an effective
control system which includes a defined management structure with limits of authority, a sound management system and periodic
review of the Group’s performance by the Audit Committee and the Board.

For the year ended 31 March 2021, both the management of the Company and the independent consultant have reviewed the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group and have provided written reports to the Audit Committee. The Board, as
assisted by the Audit Committee, has conducted annual review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems for the year ended 31 March 2021, covering the material financial, operational and compliance controls, and considers the
Group’s risk management and internal control systems to be effective and adequate.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience, training and budget and effectiveness of
the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions for the year ended 31 March 2021.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 March 2021, the fees paid/payable to the Company’s auditor is set out as follows:

Services rendered                                                                                                     Fee paid/payable
                                                                                                                              (HK$’000)
Audit services                                                                                                                     1,100
                                                                                                                                   1,100


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Chin Ying Ying has been appointed as company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”) with effect from 27 March
2020. For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company Secretary undertook not less than 15 hours of professional training to update
the skills and knowledge.




22      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the Board. An annual
general meeting of the Company shall be held in each year and at the place as may be determined by the Board. Each general meeting,
other than an annual general meeting, shall be called an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”).

RIGHT TO CONVENE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING
Any one or more member(s) holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, shall at all times have the right, by written requisition sent
to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the manner below, to require an EGM to be called by the Board
for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of
such requisition.

The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the requisitionist(s) and deposit it to the Board or the
Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business at Unit 2902, Vertical Square, 28 Heung Yip Road, Wong Chuk Hang,
Hong Kong, and such may consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitionist(s).

The request will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that the request is
proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to convene an EGM by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the
statutory requirements to all the registered members. On the contrary, if the request has been verified not in order, the Shareholders
will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as requested. If within 21 days from the date of the
deposit of the requisition the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) may convene a meeting in the same
manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed by the
Company to the requisitionist(s).

The notice period to be given to all the registered members for consideration of the proposal raised by the requisitionist(s) concerned
at the EGM is at least 14 clear day’s notice in writing (and not less than 10 clear business days).

RIGHT TO SEND ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the principal place of
business of the Company in Hong Kong or by e-mail to ir@dl-gh.com.

PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO PROPOSE A PERSON FOR ELECTION AS A DIRECTOR
Pursuant to article 85 of the Articles, no person other than a Director retiring at the meeting shall, unless recommended by the
Directors for election, be eligible for election as a Director at any general meeting unless a notice signed by a member (other than the
person to be proposed) duly qualified to attend and vote at the meeting for which such notice is given of his/her intention to propose
such person for election and also a notice signed by the person to be proposed of his/her willingness to be elected shall have been
lodged at the head office or the registration office of the Company provided that the minimum length of the period, during which such
notice(s) are given, shall be at least 7 days and that (if the notices are submitted after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting
appointed for such election) the period for lodgment of such notice(s) shall commence on the day after the despatch of the notice of
the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than 7 days prior to the date of such general meeting. The written
notice must state that person’s biographical details as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO PUT FORWARD PROPOSALS AT SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
To put forward proposals at a general meeting of the Company, a Shareholder should lodge a written notice of his/her/its proposal (the
“Proposal”) with his/her/its detailed contact information via email at the email address of the Company at ir@dl-gh.com. The identity
of the Shareholder will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that the
request is made by a Shareholder and such request is proper and in order, the Board will determine in its sole discretion whether the
Proposal may be included in the agenda for the general meeting to be set out in the notice of meeting.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The notice period to be given to all the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder concerned at the
general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

1.    notice of not less than 21 clear days and not less than 20 clear business days in writing if the Proposal requires approval in an
      annual general meeting;

2.    notice of not less than 14 clear days and not less than 10 clear business days in writing if the Proposal requires approval in an
      EGM.

INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company has established a range of communication channels between itself and its Shareholders, investors and other
stakeholders. These include the annual general meeting; the annual and interim reports; notices; announcements, circulars,
memorandum and articles of association on the Company’s website at https://www.dlglobalholdings.com.

For the year ended 31 March 2021, there had been no significant change in the Company’s constitutional documents.

POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
The Company adopted a policy on payment of dividends (the “Dividend Policy”) in compliance with code provision E.1.5 of the CG
Code with effect from 1 January 2019, which establishes an appropriate procedure on declaring and recommending the dividend
payment of the Company.

The Company will declare and/or recommend the payment of dividends to Shareholders after considering the Company’s ability to pay
dividends, which will depend upon, among other things, its actual and expected financial results, cash flow, general business conditions
and strategies, current and future operations, statutory, contractual and regulatory restrictions and so on. The Board has complete
discretion on whether to pay a dividend, subject to Shareholders’ approval, where applicable. Even if the Board decides to recommend
and pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon the operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus,
general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors of and affecting the Group. The Board may also consider declaring
special dividends from time to time, in addition to the interim and/or final dividends.

The Company shall review and reassess the Dividend Policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.




24      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Directors hereby present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March
2021.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is principally engaged in (i) provision of financial services of licensed
businesses including financial advisory services; securities research services; securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing
services; referral services; and investment management and advisory services; (ii) provision of money lending services to customers; (iii)
sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions to customers; and (iv) asset management
services. The major activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
On 18 November 2020, the Board resolved to approve an interim dividend of HK$0.0068 per ordinary Share for the six months ended
30 September 2020. Total dividend of approximately HK$9,497,000 was paid out, including dividend paid to the Shares held under the
Share Award Scheme.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.0358 per Share in the form of cash in respect of the Reporting Period,
amounting to a total dividend of approximately HK$50.0 million to Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of
the Company on Monday, 20 September 2021 (record date). Subject to approval of the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of
the Company to be held on Thursday, 9 September 2021 (“AGM”), it is expected that the final dividend will be paid to the eligible
Shareholders on or around Thursday, 30 September 2021. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in the
consolidated financial statements, but reflected as an appropriation of retained earnings for the year ended 31 March 2021.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year ended 31 March 2021, the key factors affecting its results and
financial position, and the information on the compliance with laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Company,
environmental policy and performance and relationships with stakeholders that have a significant impact on the Company are set out
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. Furthermore, a fair review of, and an indication of
likely future development in the Group’s business are set out in the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” of this annual report. Save
as disclosed in this annual report, since the end of the year ended 31 March 2021, no significant event affecting the Group has occurred.

The Group’s business is subject to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, cash flow interest rate risk
and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk; and the risks related to extreme changes in weather conditions and seasonality trends.
Besides, it greatly relies on the Group’s management team to operate and also the sales representatives for introduction of new
customers and business opportunities to the Group.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Financial highlights of the Group are set out on page 128 of this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 March 2021 are set out in note 24 to the
consolidated financial statements of the Group.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige the
Company to offer its new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Report of the Directors — Share Award Scheme” of this annual report, the Company and its
subsidiaries did not purchase, sell or redeem any of its Shares listed on the Stock Exchange for the year ended 31 March 2021.


                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          25
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


EQUITY LINKED AGREEMENT
Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Report of the Directors — Issue of Securities and Use of Proceeds” and “Report of the Directors
— Share Option Scheme” in this annual report, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Group, or subsisted, during the
year ended 31 March 2021.

RESERVES
Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended 31 March 2021 are set out in note 38 to
the consolidated financial statements of the Group and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 46 of this annual
report respectively.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the Companies Law,
Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, amounted to approximately HK$245.6 million. Such
amount represented other reserves after setting off accumulated losses of the Company, which may be distributable provided that
immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its
debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group’s largest and five largest customers represented approximately 29.15% and 58.92% of the
Group’s total revenue respectively, and the Group’s largest and five largest suppliers represented approximately 27.09% and 64.44% of
the Group’s total cost of sales respectively.

None of the Directors nor any of their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) nor any Shareholders (which, to the knowledge of
the Directors, owns more than 5% of the issued Shares) had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers and/or five
largest suppliers during the year ended 31 March 2021.

DIRECTORS
During the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report, the Directors were as the followings:

Executive Directors
Ms. Jiang Xinrong (Chairman)
Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chief Executive Officer)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek
Mr. Li Ren

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Mr. Liu Chun (appointed with effect from 22 April 2020)
Ms. Luk Huen Ling Claire (resigned with effect from 30 September 2020)

According to article 84(1) of the Articles, one-third of the Directors shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting of
the Company. Any Director who retires under this article shall then be eligible for re-election as Director. Ms. Jiang Xinrong, Mr. Chang
Eric Jackson and Mr. Li Ren will retire as Directors and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the forthcoming
annual general meeting of the Company.

According to article 83(3) of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board shall hold office only until the next following general meeting
of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.


26      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS
The biographical details of the Directors are disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management”
of this annual report.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS/APPOINTMENT LETTERS
As at the date of this annual report, each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company. The term of
service agreement of Mr. Chen Ningdi, an executive Director, is for an initial term of three years commencing from 28 February 2020
and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. The term of service agreement of Ms.
Jiang Xinrong, an executive Director, is for an initial term of three years commencing from 18 June 2019 and is subject to retirement by
rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles.

Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek, being a non-executive Director with effect from 27 March 2020, entered into a letter of appointment with
the Company for an initial term of three years commencing from 27 March 2020 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other
related provisions as stipulated in the Articles.

Mr. Li Ren, being a non-executive Director with effect from 17 April 2019, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an
initial term of three years commencing from 17 April 2019 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as
stipulated in the Articles.

Mr. Chang Eric Jackson, being an independent non-executive Director with effect from 25 May 2018, entered into a letter of
appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years commencing from 25 May 2021 and is subject to retirement by
rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien, being an independent non-executive Director
with effect from 27 March 2020, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years commencing
from 27 March 2020 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Liu Chun,
being an independent non-executive Director with effect from 22 April 2020, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for
an initial term of three years commencing from 22 April 2020 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as
stipulated in the Articles.

Save as disclosed above, no Director being proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract, other than a contract of service with any Director or any person under the full-time employment of the Company,
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company, was entered into
or existed for the year ended 31 March 2021.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Remuneration Committee is set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors
and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance and comparable market
practices. The remunerations of the Directors are determined by reference to the economic situation, the market condition, the
responsibilities and duties assumed by each Director as well as their individual performance.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         27
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) and would consider to grant share options as incentive to
any eligible personnel of the Group from time to time as appropriate. Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors —
Share Option Scheme” of this annual report for further details of the Share Option Scheme.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group by band and the respective number of persons for the year
ended 31 March 2021 are set out below:

                                                                                                                         Number of
Remuneration bands                                                                                                         persons
HK$0 to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                               7
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                                       2
HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                                       1

Further details of Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees are set out in note 9 and note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements.

ARRANGEMENTS FOR DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At any time during and at the end of the year ended 31 March 2021, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party to any
arrangements which enabled the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company
or any other body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES, AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 March 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying
Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, as recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                      percentage of
                                                                                                                         interest in
                                                                                                                      the Company
Name of Director(s)                                   Capacity/nature of interest             Number of Shares              (Note 1)
Ms. Jiang Xinrong (“Ms. Jiang”)                       Interest of spouse                     530,424,395 (Note 2)             37.98%
                                                      Interest of controlled corporation     222,418,000 (Note 3)             15.93%

Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”)                          Interest of controlled corporation     530,424,395 (Note 2)             37.98%
                                                      Interest of spouse                     222,418,000 (Note 3)             15.93%

Mr. Li Ren                                            Beneficial owner                       118,892,000 (Note 4)              8.51%

Mr. Liu Chun                                          Beneficial owner                         3,000,000 (Note 5)              0.21%

Notes:

1.       Based on the total number of issued Shares as at 31 March 2021.




28        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

2.       DA Wolf Investments I Limited (“DA Wolf”) and Summer Empire Investments Limited (“Summer Empire”) directly owned 512,924,395 Shares and 17,500,000 Shares
         respectively, representing approximately 36.73% and 1.25% of all issued Shares of the Company as at 31 March 2021 respectively. Mr. Chen being the sole shareholder
         of DA Wolf and Summer Empire was deemed to be interested in the total of 530,424,395 Shares held by DA Wolf and Summer Empire. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Jiang,
         being the spouse of Mr. Chen, was deemed to be interested in all Shares held by Mr. Chen.

3.       Rapid Raise Investments Limited (“Rapid Raise”), a company wholly owned by DL Global Holdings Limited (“DL Global”), of which approximately 30% of the issued
         share capital was held by Mr. Chen and approximately 36.6% of the issued share capital was held by Ms. Jiang, directly held 222,418,000 Shares, representing
         approximately 15.93% of all issued Shares as at 31 March 2021. Accordingly, Ms. Jiang was deemed to be interested in the 222,418,000 Shares held by Rapid Raise. By
         virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen, being the spouse of Ms. Jiang, was deemed to be interested in all Shares held by Ms. Jiang.

4.       These 118,892,000 Shares represented the Shares held by Mr. Li Ren.

5.       These 3,000,000 Shares represented the share options granted to Mr. Liu Chun pursuant to the Share Option Scheme of the Company.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2021, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any interests and short
positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was required to be
recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
Code.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 March 2021, the interests or short positions of the persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) in the Shares
and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
SFO or which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO
were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                              Number of Shares               percentage of
                                                                                                                                  interested in                 interest in
                                                                                                                                    or deemed                the Company
Name                                                    Capacity/nature of interest                                            to be interested                    (Note 1)
DA Wolf                                                 Beneficial owner                                                    512,924,395 (Note 2)                       36.73%

DL Global                                               Interest of controlled corporation                                  222,418,000 (Note 3)                       15.93%

Rapid Raise                                             Beneficial owner                                                    222,418,000 (Note 3)                       15.93%

CMF Global Quantitative Multi-Asset     Beneficial owner                                                                    111,916,000 (Note 4)                         8.01%
  SPC-CMF FS Asia Equity Opportunity SP

Chan Kwan                                               Interest of controlled corporation                                   80,000,000 (Note 5)                         5.73%

A Square Investments Group Limited                      Beneficial owner                                                     80,000,000 (Note 5)                         5.73%

Notes:

1.       Based on the total number of issued Shares as at 31 March 2021.

2.       Please refer to note 2 to the section headed “Report of the Directors — Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares, and
         Debentures” in this annual report for details.

3.       Please refer to note 3 to the section headed “Report of the Directors — Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares, and
         Debentures” in this annual report for details.

4.       These 111,916,000 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by CMF Global Quantitative Multi-Asset SPC-CMF FS Asia Equity Opportunity SP.


                                                                                               DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021                           29
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

5.    On 5 February 2021, Chan Kwan, through A Square Investments Group Limited, conditionally agreed to subscribe for (i) 40,000,000 Shares at HK$2.15 per subscription
      share pursuant to a share subscription agreement entered into with the Company; and (ii) 40,000,000 warrants at HK$0.15 per warrant with a right to subscribe for
      40,000,000 warrant shares of the Company pursuant to a warrant subscription agreement entered into with the Company. The share subscription lapsed and the
      warrant subscription was terminated on 30 April 2021.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2021, no person, other than a Director or chief executive of the Company, whose interests are
set out in the section “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares, and Debentures”
above, had registered an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO or which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Share Option Scheme was adopted and approved by the then Shareholders on 22 September 2015. The purpose of the Share
Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to eligible participants as incentive or reward for their contribution to the
Group to subscribe for the Shares thereby linking their interest with that of the Group. The eligible participants of the Share Option
Scheme include the employee, adviser, consultant, service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company
or any subsidiary (including any Director of the Company or any subsidiary) who is in full-time or part-time employment with or
otherwise engaged by the Company or any subsidiary at the time when an option is granted to such employee, adviser, consultant,
service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner or any person who, in the absolute discretion of the Board, has
contributed or may contribute to the Group (“Eligible Participant(s)”).

Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Shareholders in the annual general meeting of the Company held on 27 September 2019, the
limit of the Share Option Scheme was refreshed as at the date of meeting and accordingly, the Company is allowed under the “refreshed
limit” to grant options carrying the rights to subscribe for up to a total of 112,380,000 Shares, representing 10% and approximately
8.05% of the issued Shares as at the date of such annual general meeting and the date of this annual report respectively.

Unless approved by the Shareholders in the manner set out in the Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares issued and to be
issued upon exercise of the options granted to each grantee (including both exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period
must not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Where any further grant of options to an Eligible Participant would result in the Shares
issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such person (including exercised, cancelled and
outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant representing in aggregate over 1% of
the Shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by Shareholders in general meeting with such Eligible Participant
and his close associates abstaining from voting (or his associates if the Eligible Participant is a connected person).

An offer of share options shall be made to an Eligible Participant in writing in such form as the Directors may from time to time
determine and shall remain open for acceptance by the Eligible Participant concerned for a period of 21 days from the date upon
which it is made provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the 10th anniversary of the adoption date of the Share
Option Scheme or the termination of the same.

An offer shall be deemed to have been accepted by an Eligible Participant concerned in respect of all Shares which are offered to such
Eligible Participant when the duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the offer duly signed by the Eligible Participant, together with a
non-refundable remittance in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof is received by the
Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not be later than 21 days from, and inclusive of, the date of
offer).

At the time of grant of the share options, the Company may specify any minimum period(s) for which an option must be held before it
can be exercised. An option may be exercised at any time during the period to be determined and identified by the Board to each
grantee at the time of making an offer for the grant of an option, but in any event no later than 10 years from the date of grant but
subject to the early termination of the Share Option Scheme.




30      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The subscription price for Shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined at the discretion of the Directors but in any event
will not be less than the highest of (a) the closing price of the Shares on the Stock Exchange as shown in the daily quotations sheet of
the Stock Exchange on the offer date of the particular option, which must be a business day; (b) the average of the closing prices of the
Shares as shown in the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date of
that particular option; and (c) the nominal value of a Share on the offer date of the particular option.

The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective commencing from the adoption date of the Share Option Scheme until the close
of business of the Company on the date which falls ten years from the date of the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.

During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company granted 107,500,000 share options under the Share Option Scheme and a total of
106,976,000 shares options were exercised by employees, Directors, supplier and other participants. As at 31 March 2021, the Company
had 63,000,000 share options (31 March 2020: 62,476,000) outstanding under the Share Option Scheme.

Details of movements in the share options under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                           average
                                           Outstanding                                                             Outstanding                                        closing price
                                                   as at     Granted                                                      as at                        Share price         of Share
                                                 1 April   during the      Exercised      Cancelled      Lapsed      31 March                         prior to the     before date
Category and                                       2020        period     during the     during the   during the          2021     Exercise price   grant of share   of exercise of
name of grantee        Date of grant            (Note 4)      (Note 4)        period         period       period        (Note 4)       per Share          options           options Exercise period
Directors
Mr. Chen (Note 1)      17 August 2020                 –      5,500,000     (5,500,000)           –            –               –         HK$0.90         HK$0.880          HK$0.89 17 August 2020 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    16 August 2023
Mr. Li (Note 2)        15 August 2019        11,238,000             –     (11,238,000)           –            –               –        HK$0.476         HK$0.460          HK$0.57 15 August 2019 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    14 August 2022
                       17 August 2020                 –      5,500,000     (5,500,000)           –            –               –         HK$0.90         HK$0.880          HK$0.89 17 August 2020 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    16 August 2023
Mr. Liu (Note 3)       17 August 2020                 –      3,000,000              –            –            –       3,000,000         HK$1.00         HK$0.880              N/A 17 August 2020 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    16 August 2023
Sub-total                                    11,238,000     14,000,000    (22,238,000)           –            –       3,000,000
Employee(s) of         17 August 2020                 –     30,500,000    (30,500,000)           –            –               –         HK$0.90         HK$0.880          HK$1.08 17 August 2020 to
  the Group                                                                                                                                                                         16 August 2023
                       17 August 2020                 –      5,500,000              –            –            –       5,500,000         HK$1.00         HK$0.880             N/A 17 August 2020 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    16 August 2023
                       19 November 2020               –     53,000,000              –            –            –      53,000,000         HK$2.50           HK$2.30            N/A 19 November 2020 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    18 November 2023
Supplier               27 April 2018         10,000,000             –     (10,000,000)           –            –               –        HK$0.425         HK$0.425          HK$0.57 27 April 2018 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    27 April 2028
Other participant(s)   27 October 2017       20,000,000             –     (20,000,000)           –            –               –        HK$0.482         HK$0.470          HK$0.57 27 October 2017 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    27 October 2027
                       27 April 2018         10,000,000             –     (10,000,000)           –            –               –        HK$0.425         HK$0.425          HK$0.57 27 April 2018 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    27 April 2028
                       15 August 2019        11,238,000             –     (11,238,000)           –            –               –        HK$0.476         HK$0.460          HK$0.57 15 August 2019 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    14 August 2022
                       17 August 2020                 –      4,500,000     (3,000,000)           –            –       1,500,000         HK$1.00         HK$0.880          HK$1.08 17 August 2020 to
                                                                                                                                                                                    16 August 2023
Total                                        62,476,000    107,500,000   (106,976,000)           –            –      63,000,000


Notes:

1.          Mr. Chen is an executive Director.

2.          Mr. Li is a non-executive Director.

3.          Mr. Liu is an independent non-executive Director.

4.          All granted options shall vest immediately upon date of grant.




                                                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021                                            31
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Further details of the Share Option Scheme (including the value of the share options granted) are disclosed in note 11 to the
consolidated financial statements.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME
A share award scheme was adopted by the Company on 8 September 2020 (the “Share Award Scheme”). The Share Award Scheme is (i)
to recognise the contributions by the participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual
operation and development of the Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. The Share Award
Scheme shall be subject to administration of the Board and DL Securities, the trustee in accordance with the rules of the Share Award
Scheme and the trust deed in relation thereto. The eligible participants of the Share Award Scheme include any employee (including
without limitation any executive director) of any member of the Group, any non-executive director or proposed non-executive director
(including independent non-executive director) of any member of the Group or any entity in which any member of the Group holds any
equity interest (the “Invested Entity”), any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity, any
customer of the Group or any Invested Entity, any person or entity that provides or will provide research, development, consultancy,
advisory services or other technological support to the Group or any Invested Entity, any shareholder of any member of the Group or
any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued or proposed to be issued by any member of the Group or any Invested Entity,
any other group or class of participants from time to time determined by the Directors as having contributed or may contribute by way
of joint venture, business alliances, consultancy, advisory services or other business arrangements to the development and growth of
the Group and any person or entity, who, at the sole determination of the Directors, has contributed to the Group.

During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company did not grant any share award under the Share Award Scheme. As at 31 March
2021, the Company had 12,260,000 Shares held under the Share Award Scheme (31 March 2020: nil). During the year ended 31 March
2021, the Company purchased on the Stock Exchange 12,260,000 Shares at an aggregate consideration of HK$17,255,000.

ISSUE OF SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
On 30 June 2020, the Company entered into the subscription agreement with CMF Global Quantitative Multi-Asset SPC — CMF FS Asia
Equity Opportunity SP, as subscriber, pursuant to which the subscriber conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company
conditionally agreed to issue 75,500,000 new ordinary Shares with an aggregate nominal value of HK$755,000 under the general
mandate of the Company at the subscription price of HK$0.80 per Share. The reason for the subscription was to strengthen the capital
base of the Company and optimize the Shareholder structure of the Company. The net proceeds from the subscription amounted to
approximately HK$60.15 million and the net price per subscription share was approximately HK$0.797. The market closing price per
Share on the date the subscription agreement was entered into was HK$0.81. The subscription was completed on 31 July 2020.

As at 31 March 2021, the net proceeds had been applied as follows:

                                                                                                                         Utilised net
                                                                                                                      proceeds as at
Intended and actual use of the net proceeds                                                            Allocation     31 March 2021
                                                                                                     (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)
Expansion of its financial services business by further subscribing for the participating shares
   in the Cayman private fund established by the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary,
   DJT Partners Limited, in May 2020                                                                        50.00               50.00
Strengthening the sales and distribution network of the financial services business of the Group            10.15               10.15
Total                                                                                                       60.15               60.15


The net proceeds were used in accordance with the intention of the Company as disclosed in its announcement dated 30 June 2020.




32      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Details of the transactions during the year between the Group and connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) in which the
Director has beneficial interest are set out in the section headed “Report of the Directors — Connected Transactions” of this annual
report.

Save as disclosed above, no Director or any entity connected with any Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, in
any transactions, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the business of the Group, to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or its parent companies or subsidiaries of its parent companies was a party, which subsisted during or at the end of the
year ended 31 March 2021.

CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Report of the Directors — Connected Transactions” of this annual report, no contracts of
significance in relation to the Group’s business between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder or any of
its subsidiaries, nor contract of significance in relation to the Group’s business for provision of services to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries by a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries, subsisted during or at the end of the year ended 31 March 2021.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
For the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors or any of their respective close associates,
engaged in any business that competes or might compete with the business of the Group, or had any other conflict of interest with the
Group.

NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
The Company confirms that the non-competition undertaking dated 25 September 2015 and executed by Wise Manner Limited and Ms.
Mang Ngai, details of which were set out in the prospectus of the Company dated 29 September 2015, has been fully complied with and
enforced for the year ended 31 March 2021. The Board also confirms that there are no other matter in relation to the aforesaid non-
competition undertaking which should be brought to the attention of the Shareholders and the potential investors.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Under the Articles, and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, the Directors and officers of the Group shall be indemnified out
of the assets and profits of the Company from or against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of
them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices. During the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the
date of this annual report, such indemnity provision was in force. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance
cover in respect of potential legal actions against the Directors.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of related party transactions of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2021 are set out in note 36 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report. Each of these related party transactions constituted a connected transaction or continuing
connected transaction as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 March 2021. The Company confirms that
it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 March 2021
other than those connected transactions which are fully exempted under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          33
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
On 21 August 2020, DL Investment Holdings US, LLC, as the Subscriber and Carmel Reserve LLC, as the Target Company entered into the
Subscription Agreement. The Target Company is an associate of Ms. Jiang, the Chairman and executive Director and Mr. Chen Ningdi,
the executive Director and Chief Executive Officer. As such, the Target Company is a connected person of the Company. Pursuant to the
Subscription Agreement, the Target Company has conditionally agreed to issue and allot to the Subscriber, and the Subscriber has
conditionally agreed to subscribe for, 27.06% of the interest in the Target Company as a class B member as enlarged by the Subscription
in two tranches at the consideration of US$5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$39,000,000) which represents a post-money
enterprise value of the Target Company of approximately US$35,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$273,000,000). The Board
endeavours to diversify the investment portfolio of the Group through different types of investments and mitigate the market risks of
the Group’s investments. The Subscription represents the first real estate investment of the Group. The Subscription constituted a
discloseable and connected transaction of the Company as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and complied with the
announcement, reporting and independent shareholder approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the
Reporting Period. The Subscription has completed on 30 December 2020 and the consideration was satisfied by a combination of cash
and the issuance of promissory note(s) by the Company.

Please refer to the Company’s announcements on 21 August 2020, 30 September 2020, 30 October 2020 and 30 December 2020 and the
circular of the Company dated 20 November 2020.

FULFILMENT OF PROFIT GUARANTEE
On 6 March 2019, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as purchaser) and Mr. Chen Ningdi (as vendor), who was the
then substantial shareholder of the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the “Agreement”), pursuant to which the
purchaser has agreed to acquire and the vendor has agreed to sell the entire share capital of DL Securities, a company licensed by the
SFC to conduct Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) regulated
activities under the SFO, and DA Finance, a company with money lender’s licence (the “Acquisition”) in an aim to diversify the Group’s
business to broaden its source of income, explore new markets with growth potential and capture new business opportunities which
may create substantial value to the Shareholders. The consideration of the Acquisition was HK$42 million. The Acquisition constituted a
discloseable and connected transaction of the Company and it was completed on 11 November 2019.

Pursuant to the Agreement, the vendor irrevocably warrants and guarantees to the purchaser that the audited profit after tax of DL
Securities and DA Finance will be not less than HK$6 million (the “Guaranteed Profit”) for the financial year ending 31 December 2020
(the “Guarantee Period”). If during the Guarantee Period, the audited profit after tax of DL Securities and DA Finance is less than the
Guaranteed Profit, the vendor shall compensate the purchaser seven times of the shortfall on a dollar to dollar basis within 14 days
after the delivery of the audited accounts of DL Securities and DA Finance for the Guarantee Period. If DL Securities and DA Finance
record an aggregate loss in its audited accounts for the Guarantee Period, the actual profit shall deem to be nil. If the actual profit
exceeds the Guaranteed Profit, no adjustment consideration will be payable to the vendor by either DL Securities and DA Finance or the
purchaser.

The audited profit after tax of DL Securities and DA Finance for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 exceeded the Guaranteed
Profit. As the actual profit exceeds the Guaranteed Profit, no compensation will be payable by the vendor and no adjustment
consideration will be payable to the vendor by either DL Securities and DA Finance or the purchaser and the vendor has fulfilled its
obligations in relation to the profit guarantee.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the latest
practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, at least 25% of the issued Shares were held by the public (i.e. the prescribed
public float applicable to the Company under the Listing Rules) at all times for the year ended 31 March 2021 and thereafter up to the
date of this annual report.




34      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the Shares.

AUDITOR
PricewaterhouseCoopers resigned as the auditor of the Company and Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited (“Grant Thornton”) was
appointed as the auditor of the Company on 14 February 2020 to fill the causal vacancy following the resignation of
PricewaterhouseCoopers. Save as disclosed, there has been no change in the auditor in any of the preceding three years.

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021 have been audited by Grant Thornton. Grant Thornton will
retire, and being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the AGM. A resolution for their reappointment as auditor of the
Company will be proposed at the AGM.

                                                                                                        By Order of the Board
                                                                                                          Ms. Jiang Xinrong
                                                                                                     Chairman & Executive Director

Hong Kong, 24 June 2021




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         35
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the shareholders of DL Holdings Group Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of DL Holdings Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together,
the “Group”) set out on pages 44 to 127, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2021, the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary
of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
31 March 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
“Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




36      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are the matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key Audit Matter                                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit
Impairment assessment of receivables

Refer to notes 2.7, 2.8, 4.2, 20, 21, 39.1 and 39.4 to the consolidated
financial statements

As at 31 March 2021, the Group has trade, bills and other                 Our audit procedures to assess the impairment assessment of
receivables of HK$209,297,000 and loan and interest receivables           receivables included:
of HK$92,701,000, net of expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance of
HK$756,000 and HK$1,938,000 respectively.                                 t     SFWJFXJOHUIF(SPVQTQSPDFEVSFTPODSFEJUQPMJDZHJWFOUP
                                                                                 customers;
The ECL assessment of trade, bills and other receivables and loan
and interest receivables involved significant management’s                t     DIFDLJOHUIFDPSSFDUOFTTPGUIFBHJOHBOBMZTJTCZDVTUPNFS
judgement and use of estimates to ascertain the recoverability of                on a sample basis;
trade, bills and other receivables.
                                                                          t     &WBMVBUJOHUIFFYUFSOBMWBMVFSTDPNQFUFODF DBQBCJMJUJFT
ECL allowance for trade and bills receivables, except for margin                 and objectivity;
receivables, are based on management’s estimate of the lifetime
ECL to be incurred, which is estimated by taking into account the         t     BTTFTTJOH UIF SFBTPOBCMFOFTT PG NBOBHFNFOUT &$-
historical credit loss experience, existing market conditions as                 allowance estimates by examining the information used by
well as forward-looking estimates, all of which involve a                        management to form such judgements, including testing
significant degree of management judgement.                                      the accuracy of the historical default data, evaluating
                                                                                 whether the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted
                                                                                 based on current economic conditions and forward-looking
                                                                                 information and examining the actual losses recorded
                                                                                 during the current financial year and assessing whether
                                                                                 there was an indication of management bias when
                                                                                 recognising ECL allowance;




                                                                               DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021       37
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key Audit Matter                                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit
Impairment assessment of receivables (Continued)

Refer to notes 2.7, 2.8, 4.2, 20, 21, 39.1 and 39.4 to the consolidated
financial statements (Continued)

The Group assesses ECL allowance for margin receivables, other            t   SFWJFXJOHUIF(SPVQTDSFEJUQPMJDJFTPOQSPUFDUJPOPGUIF
receivables and loan and interest receivables based on an                      Group against the identified risks including the
estimate of the recoverability of these receivables.                           requirements to obtain collateral from borrowers, robust
                                                                               ongoing credit assessment of borrowers and monitoring
Assessing the ECL of trade receivables of margin receivables, other            exposures against internal risk limits;
receivables and loan and interest receivables requires the
management’s judgement and uses of estimates in determining               t   MJNJUJOH DPODFOUSBUJPOT PG FYQPTVSF CZ UZQF PG BTTFU 
the probability of default occurring by considering the aging of               counterparties, credit rating, geographic location etc.;
receivables, historical loss experience and forward-looking
information.                                                              t   JGUIFSFJTOPJOEFQFOEFOUSBUJOH SJTLDPOUSPMBTTFTTFTUIF
                                                                               credit quality of the customer, taking into account its
We have identified the ECL assessment of trade, bills and other                financial position, past experience and other factors;
receivables and loan and interest receivables as a key audit
matter because of the assessment involves significant                     t   POBTBNQMFCBTJT UFTUFEUIFWBMVFTPGDPMMBUFSBMTJODMVEJOH
management’s judgement and use of estimates.                                   pledged securities and properties of margin receivables
                                                                               accounts and mortgage loans respectively;

                                                                          t   POBTBNQMFCBTJT SFWJFXFEBOERVFTUJPOFEDSFEJUQSPGJMFT
                                                                               and reports of selected customers; and

                                                                          t   BTTFTTJOH UIF BQQSPQSJBUFOFTT PG UIF &$- DBMDVMBUJPO CZ
                                                                               examining the key data inputs on a sample basis to assess
                                                                               the accuracy and completeness, and challenging the
                                                                               assumptions, including both historical and forward-looking
                                                                               information, used to determine the ECL.

                                                                          Based on the procedures performed, we found the management’s
                                                                          impairment assessment of receivables to be supportable by
                                                                          available evidence.




38      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key Audit Matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit
Valuation of share options

Refer to note 2.19, 4.2 and 11 to the consolidated financial
statements

During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group granted               Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of share options
107,500,000 share options to its employees, director (included       included:
executive directors, non-executive director and independent non-
executive director) and external consultants under its Share         t     DIFDLJOH POBTBNQMFCBTJT UIFUFSNTBOEDPOEJUJPOTPG
Options Scheme (as defined in note 11). The share-based payment             the share options granted with proper approval and grant
expenses of HK$31,961,000 was charged to the consolidated                   letters;
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and
credited to the share options reserve.                               t     FWBMVBUJOHUIFFYUFSOBMWBMVFSTDPNQFUFODF DBQBCJMJUJFT
                                                                            and objectivity;
The fair value of the share options granted were derived from
Binomial option pricing model. Significant judgement is exercised    t     BTTFTTJOH UIF SFBTPOBCMFOFTT PG UIF LFZ BTTVNQUJPOT 
on the assessment of the fair value of the share options. In                including option life, risk-free rate and volatility, based on
making the judgement, management applied key assumptions,                   available supporting data to assess if the valuation is within
including option life, risk-free rate and volatility which were             an acceptable range; and
subjective and difficult to ascertain. Changes in the subjective
input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.   t     FWBMVBUJOHUIFBEFRVBDZPGEJTDMPTVSFNBEFCZUIF(SPVQ
Independent external valuation was obtained for the fair value of           in the consolidated financial statements.
the share options in order to support management’s estimate.
                                                                     Based on the procedures performed, we found the estimate of
We have identified the valuation of shares options as a key audit    management in relation to the valuation of share options to be
matter because of the assessment involves significant                supportable by available evidence.
independent professional external valuer’s judgement.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         39
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key Audit Matter                                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit
Assessment of control over structured entities

Refer to note 2.2, 4.1 and 37 to the consolidated financial
statements

The Group acquires or retains an ownership interest in, or act as a     Our audit procedures to assess control over structured entities
investment manager of, structured entities. The Group determines        included:
whether or not to consolidate these structured entities based on
the assessment of whether the Group has control over the                t    SFWJFXJOHUIFLFZDPOUSBDUVBMQSPWJTJPOTPGUIFSFMFWBOU
structured entities by taking into consideration of power arising             legal documents including the management agreements of
from rights, exposure of variable returns and the linkage between             the structured entities;
power and returns.

The assessment of the Group’s control over structured entities          t    FWBMVBUJOHUIFSJTLBOESFXBSETUSVDUVSFPGUIFTUSVDUVSFE
involves significant judgement on factors, such as the purpose                entities including any return guarantee, commission
and design of structured entities, its ability to direct the relevant         basis and distribution of returns and assessing the
activities, direct and indirect beneficial interests and returns,             management’s judgement as to exposure and right to
remuneration and performance fee.                                             variable returns from the Group’s involvement; and

Due to the significance of the structured entities and the              t    FWBMVBUJOHUIFNBOBHFNFOUTBOBMZTJTPGTUSVDUVSFEFOUJUJFT
complexity of judgement exercised by the management, we                       including qualitative analyses and calculations of the
identified the control assessment of structured entities as a key             magnitude and variability associated with the Group’s
audit matter.                                                                 economic interests in the structured entities to assess
                                                                              management’s judgement over the Group’s ability to
                                                                              influence its own returns from the structured entities.

                                                                        Based on the procedures performed, we found the judgement of
                                                                        management in relation to the assessment of control over
                                                                        structured entities to be supportable by available evidence.




40      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key Audit Matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit
Fair value measurements of Level 3 financial instruments

Refer to note 2.7, 4.2, 22, 39.7 to the consolidated financial
statements

As at 31 March 2021, the Group’s financial assets at fair value      Our audit procedures to assess the fair value measurement of
through profit or loss categorised as Level 3 amounting to           Level 3 financial instruments included:
approximately HK$71,204,000.
                                                                     t     FWBMVBUJOHXIFUIFSUIFWBMVBUJPONFUIPEPMPHJFT JOQVUT
Due to the significance of the judgement and estimates made by              and assumptions adopted by management were
the management and the subjectivity in determination of Level 3             appropriate;
fair value given the lack of availability of market-based data and
the significant unobservable inputs, we identified the fair value    t     FWBMVBUJOHUIFSBUJPOBMFPGNBOBHFNFOUTKVEHFNFOUPO
measurements of Level 3 financial instruments as a key audit                the significant unobservable inputs;
matter.
                                                                     t     UFTUJOHUIFFWJEFODFTVQQPSUJOHUIFVOPCTFSWBCMFJOQVUT
                                                                            used in the Level 3 fair value measurements;

                                                                     t     JOWPMWJOHPVSWBMVBUJPOTQFDJBMJTUTUPQFSGPSNJOEFQFOEFOU
                                                                            valuations and comparing these valuations against the
                                                                            Group’s valuations, on a sample basis; and

                                                                     t     FWBMVBUJOH UIF BEFRVBDZ PG UIF -FWFM  GBJS WBMVF
                                                                            measurement disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                            statements.

                                                                     Based on the procedures performed, we found the estimate of
                                                                     management in relation to the fair value measurements of level
                                                                     3 financial instruments to be supportable by available evidence.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021      41
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information in the 2020/2021 annual
report of the Company but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance
with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors assisted by the Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagements and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

t    JEFOUJGZBOEBTTFTTUIFSJTLTPGNBUFSJBMNJTTUBUFNFOUPGUIFDPOTPMJEBUFEGJOBODJBMTUBUFNFOUT XIFUIFSEVFUPGSBVEPSFSSPS 
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
      provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
      resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.

t    PCUBJOBOVOEFSTUBOEJOHPGJOUFSOBMDPOUSPMSFMFWBOUUPUIFBVEJUJOPSEFSUPEFTJHOBVEJUQSPDFEVSFTUIBUBSFBQQSPQSJBUFJOUIF
      circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.




42      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
t     FWBMVBUFUIFBQQSPQSJBUFOFTTPGBDDPVOUJOHQPMJDJFTVTFEBOEUIFSFBTPOBCMFOFTTPGBDDPVOUJOHFTUJNBUFTBOESFMBUFEEJTDMPTVSFT
       made by the directors.

t    DPODMVEFPOUIFBQQSPQSJBUFOFTTPGUIFEJSFDUPSTVTFPGUIFHPJOHDPODFSOCBTJTPGBDDPVOUJOHBOE CBTFEPOUIFBVEJUFWJEFODF
      obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
      auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
      modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,
      future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

t    FWBMVBUFUIFPWFSBMMQSFTFOUBUJPO TUSVDUVSFBOEDPOUFOUPGUIFDPOTPMJEBUFEGJOBODJBMTUBUFNFOUT JODMVEJOHUIFEJTDMPTVSFT BOE
      whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
      presentation.

t    PCUBJOTVGGJDJFOUBQQSPQSJBUFBVEJUFWJEFODFSFHBSEJOHUIFGJOBODJBMJOGPSNBUJPOPGUIFFOUJUJFTPSCVTJOFTTBDUJWJUJFTXJUIJOUIF
      Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
      performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our
auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Level 12
28 Hennessy Road
Wanchai
Hong Kong

24 June 2021

Ng Ka Kong
Practising Certificate No.: P06919




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         43
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 March 2021

                                                                                                   2021         2020
                                                                                         Notes   HK$’000      HK$’000
Revenue                                                                                    5      426,551      226,391
Cost of sales/services                                                                     7     (181,078)    (195,804)
Gross profit                                                                                     245,473       30,587
Other gains/(losses), net                                                                  6       82,997      (39,432)
Selling expenses                                                                           7        (5,356)     (6,481)
General and administrative expenses                                                        7     (100,729)     (36,129)
Expected credit loss of receivables                                                        7        (2,531)       (163)
Operating profit/(loss)                                                                          219,854       (51,618)
Finance income                                                                            12           10            5
Finance costs                                                                             12       (2,072)        (248)
Finance costs, net                                                                                 (2,062)        (243)
Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                  217,792       (51,861)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                                               13      (16,994)         452
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                       200,798       (51,409)
Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to the owners
  of the Company for the year                                                                    200,798       (51,409)
Earnings/(loss) per share attributable to owners of the Company
— Basic (HK cents)                                                                        15        15.06        (4.57)
— Diluted (HK cents)                                                                      15        15.00        (4.57)




The notes on pages 48 to 127 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


44      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 March 2021

                                                                                                                2021         2020
                                                                                         Notes                HK$’000      HK$’000
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                             16                    2,308            2,424
Right-of-use assets                                                                       17                    9,754            4,664
Intangible assets                                                                         18                   12,248           12,248
Goodwill                                                                                  37                    7,658              373
Deferred tax assets                                                                       19                      312              832
Deposits                                                                                  20                    1,716            1,955
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                     22                  190,570            7,243
                                                                                                              224,566           29,739
Current assets
Trade, bills and other receivables, prepayments and deposits                              20                  211,309           79,505
Loan and interest receivables                                                             21                   92,701           32,344
Income tax recoverable                                                                                            110            4,075
Bank balance — trust                                                                      23                   43,033           14,706
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 23                   56,222           50,745
                                                                                                              403,375          181,375
Current liabilities
Trade, bills and other payables                                                           27                   78,936           34,606
Promissory note                                                                           28                   22,376                –
Bank borrowings                                                                           30                        –            6,362
Lease liabilities                                                                         31                    5,665            4,594
Income tax payable                                                                                              9,336                –
                                                                                                              116,313           45,562
Net current assets                                                                                            287,062          135,813
Total assets less current liabilities                                                                         511,628          165,552
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                         31                     4,821            288
Provision for reinstatement cost                                                          27                       250            250
Bonds payable                                                                             32                     6,000              –
                                                                                                               11,071             538
Net assets                                                                                                    500,557          165,014
Equity
Share capital                                                                             24                   13,966           12,142
Other reserves                                                                                                271,015          128,597
Retained earnings                                                                                             215,576           24,275
Total equity                                                                                                  500,557          165,014




                          Ms. Jiang Xinrong                                                     Mr. Chen Ningdi
                          Executive Director                                                    Executive Director

The notes on pages 48 to 127 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021       45
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 March 2021

                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                          Share held
                                                                                                  Share     for share
                                                                  Share           Share         options        award         Capital         Retained           Total
                                                                 capital      premium           reserve       scheme        reserve          earnings          equity
                                                                               (note 25)       (note 25)     (note 25)     (note 25)
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000
Balance at 1 April 2019                                          11,238          68,615          15,037               –              10         75,684        170,584
Total comprehensive loss
Loss for the year ended 31 March 2020                                  –               –              –               –               –        (51,409)        (51,409)
Transactions with owners in their
   capacity as owners
Share-based payments (note 11)                                         –               –          4,269               –               –              –           4,269
Issuance of shares under Share Option Scheme
   (note 24(c))                                                     904          52,420         (11,754)              –               –              –          41,570
Balance at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                        12,142         121,035           7,552               –              10         24,275        165,014
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year ended 31 March 2021                                –               –              –               –               –       200,798        200,798

Transactions with owners in their
   capacity as owners
Share-based payments (note 11)                                         –               –        31,961               –                –              –         31,961
Purchase of shares (note (a))                                          –               –             –         (17,255)               –              –        (17,255)
Issuance of shares under Share Option Scheme
   (note 24(a))                                                   1,069         82,836         (14,717)               –               –              –         69,188
Issuance of shares under Share Subscription
   (note 24(b))                                                     755         59,593                –               –               –              –         60,348
2020 interim dividend paid (note 14)                                  –              –                –               –               –         (9,497)         (9,497)
Balance at 31 March 2021                                         13,966        263,464          24,796         (17,255)             10        215,576        500,557

Note a: During the year, the Company contributed approximately HK$17,255,000 at an average price of HK$1.407 per share for purchase of 12,260,000 ordinary shares which
        are currently held under the share award scheme adopted on 8 September 2020 (the “Share Award Scheme”). No share award has been granted from this Share
        Award Scheme as of 31 March 2021.




The notes on pages 48 to 127 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


46       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

                                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                             Notes            HK$’000            HK$’000
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                     34(a)              45,017                (5,384)
Income tax refund/(paid)                                                                                         4,108                  (886)
Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                                          49,125                (6,270)
Cash flows from investing activities
Interest income received                                                                      12                      10                   5
Dividend received                                                                                                 1,614                  268
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                    16                   (814)              (1,566)
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                             37                  4,421               (7,903)
Addition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                             (252,382)              (29,853)
Increase in amount due from a related party                                                                      (1,365)                   –
Proceeds from sales of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                   134,240                58,130
Cash outflow from deconsolidation of a subsidiary                                             37                     (25)                  –
Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                                        (114,301)              19,081
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings                                                     34(b)                    –              10,465
Repayment of short-term bank borrowings                                                      34(b)               (6,362)             (5,603)
Interest paid                                                                                34(b)               (1,498)                (23)
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                        34(b)               (5,277)             (4,258)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                                       34(b)                 (233)               (225)
Proceeds from issuance of bonds payable                                                                           6,000                   –
Repayment of promissory note                                                                                     (3,900)                  –
Payment of purchase of shares                                                                                  (17,255)                   –
Dividend paid                                                                                                    (9,497)                  –
Increase in amounts due to related parties                                                                        7,466                   –
Net proceed from issuance of share upon share subscription                                                      60,348                    –
Net proceed from issuance of share upon exercise of share options                                               69,188                    –
Net cash generated from financing activities                                                                    98,980                  356
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                       33,804               13,167
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                  65,451               52,284
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                      23                99,255               65,451




The notes on pages 48 to 127 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                               DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021       47
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
      DL Holdings Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 11 May 2015 as an exempted company
      with limited liability under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The
      Company has established a place of business in Hong Kong at 5/F., AIA Financial Centre, 112 King Fuk Street, San Po Kong,
      Kowloon, Hong Kong. With effect from 30 October 2020, the place of business in Hong Kong relocated to Unit 2902, Vertical
      Square, 28 Heung Yip Road, Wong Chuk Hang, Hong Kong. The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
      Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

      The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are principally engaged in (i)
      provision of financial services of licensed businesses including financial advisory services; securities research services; securities
      trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; and investment management and advisory services to
      customers; (ii) provision of money lending services to customers; (iii) sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain
      management total solutions to customers; and (iv) provision of asset management services. During the year, the Group
      commenced its business with provision of investment management services and asset management services. The Group acquired
      Four Seasons Investment Management Limited (“Four Seasons”) and DL Family Office Pte. Ltd. (“DL Family”) in January 2021 and
      February 2021 respectively.

      The immediate holding company and ultimate holding company of the Company is DA Wolf Investments I Limited (“DA Wolf”), a
      company which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

      These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.

      The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021 were approved for issue by the board of Directors on
      24 June 2021.

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      2.1 Basis of preparation
             These annual consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
             Standards (“HKFRSs”) which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards,
             Hong Kong Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
             (“HKICPA”) and the accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong.

             The consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
             Companies Ordinance and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”).

             The adoption of new and amended HKFRSs and the impacts on the Group’s consolidated financial statements, if any, are
             disclosed in note 3.

             The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for financial assets at fair
             value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) which are stated at fair value. The measurement bases are fully described in the
             accounting policies below.

             It should be noted that accounting estimates and assumptions are used in preparation of the consolidated financial
             statements. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge and judgement of current events and
             actions, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
             complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are
             disclosed in note 4.




48      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.2 Basis of consolidation
             The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made up
             to 31 March each year, except for a subsidiary which its financial year made up to 31 December each year.

             Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to
             variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
             entity. When assessing whether the Group has power over the entity, only substantive rights relating to the entity (held by
             the Group and others) are considered.

             The Group includes the income and expenses of a subsidiary in the consolidated financial statements from the date it
             gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. The financial year of a subsidiaries, which is
             acquired during the year, made up to 31 March each year. For consolidation purpose, the income and expenses from the
             acquisition date to 31 March 2021 are included in the consolidated financial statements.

             Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses on transactions between group companies are
             eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Where unrealised losses on intra-group asset sales are
             reversed on consolidation, the underlying asset is also tested for impairment from the Group’s perspective. Amounts
             reported in the financial statements of subsidiaries have been adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with the
             accounting policies adopted by the Group.

             When the Group losses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with
             a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when
             control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset.

             In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in subsidiaries are carried at cost less any impairment loss
             (see note 2.17) unless the subsidiary is held for sale or included in a disposal group. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in
             consideration arising from contingent consideration amendments. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of
             investment.

             The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends received and receivable at the end
             of the reporting period. All dividends whether received out of the investee’s pre or post-acquisition profits are recognised
             in the Company’s profit or loss.

      2.3 Business combinations
             Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
             in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair values of
             the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
             interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition related costs are recognised in profit or
             loss as incurred.

             Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured
             initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.




                                                                              DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021               49
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.3 Business combinations (Continued)
             Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
             interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity in the acquiree (if any) over the net of
             the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If, after assessment, the net of the
             acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration
             transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value on the acquirer’s previously
             held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as bargain purchase gain.

             Where the consideration the Group transfers in a business combination includes assets or liabilities resulting from a
             contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition date fair value and
             considered as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent
             consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively, with the corresponding
             adjustments being made against goodwill or gain on bargain purchase. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments
             that arise from additional information obtained during the measurement period about facts and circumstances that
             existed as of the acquisition date. Measurement period does not exceed one year from the acquisition date. The
             subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement
             period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified
             as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounting for within equity.
             Contingent consideration that is classified as a financial liability is remeasured at subsequent reporting dates at fair value
             with corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

             Changes in the value of the previously held equity interest recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
             equity before the acquisition date are reclassified to profit or loss when the Group obtains control over the acquiree.

             If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
             combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those
             provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see above), or additional assets or liabilities are
             recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that,
             if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.

      2.4 Foreign currency translation
             Functional and presentation currency
             Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
             economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The functional currency of the Company
             is Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$ for convenience purpose which is
             the Group’s presentation currency.

             In the individual financial statements of the consolidated entities, foreign currency transactions are translated into the
             functional currency of the individual entity using the exchanges rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end
             of the reporting period, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign
             exchange rates ruling at that date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions
             and from the end of the reporting period retranslation of monetary assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss.

             Transactions and balances
             Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates
             of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
             translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised
             in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


50      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
             Transactions and balances (Continued)
             Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the
             date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair value are reported
             as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as
             equities held at FVTPL are recognised in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss.

             Group companies
             The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-inflationary economy)
             that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as
             follows:

             (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement
                     of financial position;

             (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average is not
                     a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case
                     income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

             (iii)   all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

      2.5 Property, plant and equipment
             Property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at acquisition cost, manufacturing cost (including any cost directly
             attributable to bringing the assets to the location and condition necessary for them to be capable of operating in the
             manner intended by the Group’s management). They are subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
             accumulated impairment losses, if any.

             Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their residual values over their estimated
             useful lives, using the straight-line method, at the following rates per annum:

             Leasehold improvements                                           Over the lease term of 3 years
             Office equipment                                                                        5 years
             Fitting and furniture                                                                   5 years
             Computer equipment                                                                      3 years
             Motor vehicles                                                                          5 years

             Accounting policy for depreciation of right-of-use assets is set out in 2.11.

             Estimates of residual value and useful life are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each reporting date.

             Gain or loss arising on retirement or disposal is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
             amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

             Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when
             it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be
             measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other costs, such as repairs and
             maintenance, are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.




                                                                            DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           51
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.6 Goodwill
             Set out below are the accounting policies on goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries.

             Goodwill arising in a business combination is recognised as an asset at the date that control is acquired (the acquisition
             date). Goodwill is measured as the excess of the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of
             any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
             acquiree (if any) over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured
             as at the acquisition date.

             If, after reassessment, the Group’s interest in the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets exceeds the sum of the
             consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s
             previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain
             purchase gain.

             Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) and
             is tested annually for impairment (see note 2.17).

             On subsequent disposal of a subsidiary, the attributable amount of goodwill capitalised is included in the determination
             of the amount of gain or loss on disposal.

      2.7 Financial instruments
             Recognition and derecognition
             Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
             the financial instrument.

             Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when the
             financial asset and substantially all of its risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised when it is
             extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

             Financial assets
             Classification and initial measurement of financial assets
             Except for those trade receivables and loan and interest receivables that do not contain a significant financing component
             and are measured at the transaction price in accordance with HKFRS 15, all financial assets are initially measured at fair
             value, in case of a financial asset not at FVTPL, plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the
             financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in the consolidated statement of profit
             or loss and other comprehensive income.

             Financial assets, other than those designated and effective as hedging instruments, are classified into the following
             categories:

             —      amortised cost;

             —      FVTPL; or

             —      fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).




52      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.7 Financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial assets (Continued)
             Classification and initial measurement of financial assets (Continued)
             The classification is determined by both:

             —      the entity’s business model for managing the financial asset; and

             —      the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.

             All income and expenses relating to financial assets that are recognised in profit or loss are presented within finance costs,
             finance income or other financial items, except for expected credit loss (“ECL”) of trade receivables and loan and interest
             receivables which is presented as a separate line item in profit or loss.

             Subsequent measurement of financial assets
             Debt investments
             Financial assets at amortised cost
             Financial assets are measured at amortised cost if the assets meet the following conditions (and are not designated as
             FVTPL):

             —      they are held within a business model whose objective is to hold the financial assets and collect its contractual cash
                    flows; and

             —      the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
                    on the principal amount outstanding.

             After initial recognition, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest income from
             these financial assets is included in finance income in profit or loss. Discounting is omitted where the effect of discounting
             is immaterial. The Group’s bank balance-trust, cash and cash equivalents, trade, bills and other receivables, amount due
             from a related party and loan and interest receivables fall into this category of financial instruments.

             Financial assets at FVTPL
             Financial assets that are held within a different business model other than “hold to collect” or “hold to collect and sell’ are
             categorised at FVTPL. Further, irrespective of business model, financial assets whose contractual cash flows are not solely
             payments of principal and interest are accounted for at FVTPL. All derivative financial instruments fall into this category,
             except for those designated and effective as hedging instruments, for which the hedge accounting requirements under
             HKFRS 9 apply.

             Equity investments
             An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading purposes.

             Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive
             the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
             Dividends are included in the “other gains/(losses), net” in profit or loss.




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         53
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.7 Financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial liabilities
             Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
             The Group’s financial liabilities include bank borrowings, bonds payable, promissory note, leases liabilities and trade, bills
             and other payables.

             Financial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) are initially measured at fair value, and, where applicable, adjusted for
             transaction costs unless the Group designated a financial liability at FVTPL.

             Subsequently, financial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
             method except for derivatives which are not designated and effective as hedging instruments and financial liabilities
             designated at FVTPL, which are carried subsequently at fair value with gains or losses recognised in profit or loss.

             All interest-related charges and, if applicable, change in an instrument’s fair value that are reported in profit or loss are
             included within finance costs.

             Accounting policies of lease liabilities are set out in note 2.11.

             Bank borrowings, bonds payable and promissory note
             Bank borrowings, bonds payable and promissory note are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs
             incurred. Bank borrowings, bonds payable and promissory note are subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference
             between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of
             the bank borrowings, bonds payable and promissory note using the effective interest method.

             Bank borrowings, bonds payable and promissory note are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an
             unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date.

             Trade, bills and other payables
             Trade, bills and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost,
             using the effective interest method.

      2.8 Impairment of financial assets
             HKFRS 9’s impairment requirements use more forward-looking information to recognise ECL — the “ECL model”.
             Instruments within the scope included loans and other debt-type financial assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI
             and trade receivables.

             The Group considers a broader range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring ECL, including past events,
             current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability of the future cash flows of
             the instrument.




54      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.8 Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             In applying this forward-looking approach, a distinction is made between:

             —      financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition or that have
                    low credit risk (“Stage 1”); and

             —      financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition and whose credit
                    risk is not low (“Stage 2”).

             “Stage 3” would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.

             “12-month ECL” are recognised for the Stage 1 category while “lifetime ECL” are recognised for the Stage 2 category.

             Measurement of the ECL is determined by a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the expected life of the
             financial instrument.

             Trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables)
             For trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables), the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECL
             and recognises a ECL allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date. These are the expected shortfalls in
             contractual cash flows, considering the potential for default at any point during the life of the financial assets. In
             calculating the ECL, the Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience and
             external indicators, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

             To measure the ECL, trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables) have been grouped based on shared credit
             risk characteristics and the days past due.

             Other financial assets measured at amortised cost
             The Group measures the ECL allowance for margin receivables, other receivables, amount due from a related party,
             deposits, bank balance-trust, cash and cash equivalent and loan and interest receivables equal to 12-month ECL, unless
             when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
             assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increase in the likelihood of risk of default
             occurring since initial recognition.

             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
             default occurring on the financial assets at the reporting date with the risk of default occurring on the financial assets at
             the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
             information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is
             available without undue cost or effort.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          55
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.8 Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             Other financial assets measured at amortised cost (Continued)
             In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
             significantly:

             —      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit
                    rating;

             —      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread,
                    the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

             —      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
                    significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

             —      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

             —      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the
                    debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

             Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly since
             initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the end of each reporting period. A debt
             instrument is determined to have low credit risk if it has a low risk of default, the borrower has strong capacity to meet its
             contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer
             term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual cash flow obligations.

             For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed
             internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group,
             in full (without taking into account any collateral held by the Group).

             Detailed analysis of the ECL assessment of trade, bills and other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other
             financial assets measured at amortised cost are set out in note 39.4.

      2.9 Cash and cash equivalents
             Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, demand deposits with banks and short term highly liquid
             investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and
             which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows
             presentation, cash and cash equivalents which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash
             management.

      2.10 Contract liabilities
             A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue
             (see note 2.15). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive
             consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be
             recognised (see note 2.7).

             For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
             contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.




56      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.11 Leases
             Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee
             At inception of a contract, the Group considers whether a contract is, or contains a lease. A lease is defined as ‘a contract,
             or part of a contract, that conveys the right to use an identified asset (the underlying asset) for a period of time in exchange
             for consideration’. To apply this definition, the Group assesses whether the contract meets three key evaluations which are
             whether:

             t     UIFDPOUSBDUDPOUBJOTBOJEFOUJGJFEBTTFU XIJDIJTFJUIFSFYQMJDJUMZJEFOUJGJFEJOUIFDPOUSBDUPSJNQMJDJUMZTQFDJGJFECZ
                    being identified at the time the asset is made available to the Group;

             t     UIF (SPVQ IBT UIF SJHIU UP PCUBJO TVCTUBOUJBMMZBMM PG UIF FDPOPNJD CFOFGJUT GSPN VTF PG UIF JEFOUJGJFEBTTFU
                    throughout the period of use, considering its rights within the defined scope of the contract; and

             t     UIF(SPVQIBTUIFSJHIUUPEJSFDUUIFVTFPGUIFJEFOUJGJFEBTTFUUISPVHIPVUUIFQFSJPEPGVTF5IF(SPVQBTTFTT
                    whether it has the right to direct ‘how and for what purpose’ the asset is used throughout the period of use.

             For contracts that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
             allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative stand-
             alone prices. However, for leases of properties in which the Group is a lessee, the Group elected not to separate non-lease
             components and will instead account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.

             Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
             At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the consolidated statement
             of financial position. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which is made up of the initial measurement of the lease
             liability, any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs to dismantle and remove the underlying
             asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in advance of the lease commencement date (net of any lease
             incentives received).

             The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis from the lease commencement date to the earlier of
             the end of the useful life of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease term unless the Group is reasonably certain to
             obtain ownership at the end of the lease term. The Group also assesses the right-of-use assets for impairment when such
             indicator exists.

             At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments unpaid at
             that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s
             incremental borrowing rate.

             Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed payments (including in-substance
             fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable payments based on an index or rate, and amounts expected
             to be payable under a residual value guarantee. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
             reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payment of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects
             the Group exercising the option to terminate.

             Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for lease payments made and increased for interest cost
             on the lease liability. It is remeasured to reflect any reassessment or lease modification, or if there are changes in in-
             substance fixed payments.




                                                                              DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021             57
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.11 Leases (Continued)
             Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)
             Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
             When the lease is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is reflected in the right-of-use assets, or profit and loss if the
             right-of-use assets is already reduced to zero.

             The Group has elected to account for short-term leases using the practical expedients. Instead of recognising a right-of-use
             asset and lease liability, the payments in relation to these leases are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a
             straight-line basis over the lease term. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 month or less. Short-term leases
             comprise office rental, staff quarter rental, car park rental and warehouse rental.

             On the consolidation statement of financial position, right-of-use assets have been presented in separated line item.

             Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
             value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

      2.12 Provisions and contingent liabilities
             Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, and it
             is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the
             amount of the obligation can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present
             value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

             All provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate.

             Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
             reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
             remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
             future uncertain events not wholly within the control of the Group, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
             probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

             Contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination which are present obligations at the date of acquisition are
             initially recognised at fair value, provided the fair value can be reliably measured. After the initial recognition at fair value,
             such contingent liabilities are recognised at the higher of the amount initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation
             where appropriate, and the amount that would be recognised in a comparable provision as described above. Contingent
             liabilities assumed in a business combination that cannot be reliably fair valued or were not present obligations at the
             date of acquisition are disclosed as per above.

      2.13 Share capital
             Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Share capital is recognised at the amount of consideration of shares issued, after
             deducting any transaction costs associated with the issuing of shares (net of any related income tax benefit) to the extent
             they are incremental costs directly attributable to the equity transaction.

      2.14 Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
             Acquired intangible assets are recognised initially at cost. After initial recognition, intangible assets with finite useful lives
             are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.

             Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.




58      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.14 Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)
             Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment as described below in note 2.17.

      2.15 Revenue recognition
             Revenue arises mainly from the sales of apparel products, financial services of licensed business and money lending
             services.

             To determine whether to recognise revenue, the Group follows a 5-step process:

             1.     Identifying the contract with a customer

             2.     Identifying the performance obligations

             3.     Determining the transaction price

             4.     Allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations

             5.     Recognising revenue when/as performance obligation(s) are satisfied

             In all cases, the total transaction price for a contract is allocated amongst the various performance obligations based on
             their relative stand-alone selling prices. The transaction price for a contract excludes any amounts collected on behalf of
             third parties.

             Revenue is recognised either at a point in time or over time, when (or as) the Group satisfies performance obligations by
             transferring the promised goods or services to its customers.

             Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for
             more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
             rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued
             separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a
             significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted
             on the contract liability under the effective interest method.

             Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

             Sales of goods
             Revenue from trading of garment and accessories for private labels and international brands is recognised when control of
             the goods has transferred, being at the point the goods are delivered to the customer’s premise and the customer has
             accepted the goods, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the goods.

             Financial services
             Provision of one-stop platform with full range of financial advisory services and securities brokerage business which are
             regulated activities in Hong Kong under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) and licensed assets
             management service business. A subsidiary in the Group is a licensed corporation under SFO for Types 1, 4 and 6 regulated
             activities. Certain subsidiaries in the Group are licensed corporation with foreign regulation on providing assets
             management services. Income from the securities brokerage is recognised at a single point in time, i.e. on a trade date
             when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling and settlement fee income arising from broking services is
             recognised when the related services are rendered. Income from financial advisory services and assets management
             services are recognised progressively over time once the performance obligation fulfilled and income from referral services
             and performance fee from investment management services are recognised at a point in time when the services is
             completed, according to the nature and terms of the contracts. There are no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the
             customer’s acceptance of the services.


                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021        59
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.15 Revenue recognition (Continued)
             Interest income
             Interest income generated from money lending business is included in revenue.

             Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash management
             purposes. Any other interest income is included in “other gains/(losses), net” in profit or loss.

             Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method. For the financial assets
             measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount
             of the asset.

             Dividend income
             Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive the dividend is established.

      2.16 Government grants
             Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
             received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Government grants are deferred and recognised in profit
             or loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that the grants are intended to compensate.

             Government grants relating to income is presented in gross under “Other gains/(losses), net” in the consolidated statement
             of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

      2.17 Impairment of non-financial assets
             The following assets are subject to impairment testing:

             t     (PPEXJMMBSJTJOHPOBDRVJTJUJPOPGTVCTJEJBSJFT

             t     *OUBOHJCMFBTTFUT

             t     1SPQFSUZ QMBOUBOEFRVJQNFOU

             t     3JHIUPGVTFBTTFUTBOE

             t     5IF$PNQBOZTJOUFSFTUTJOTVCTJEJBSJFT

             Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful life or those not yet available for use are tested for impairment
             at least annually, irrespective of whether there is any indication that they are impaired. All other assets are tested for
             impairment whenever there are indications that the asset’s carrying amount may not be recoverable.

             An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds
             its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value, reflecting market conditions less costs of disposal,
             and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
             pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessment of time value of money and the risk specific to the asset.




60      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.17 Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)
             For the purposes of assessing impairment, where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those
             from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generate cash inflows
             independently (i.e. a CGU). As a result, some assets are tested individually for impairment and some are tested at CGUs
             level. Corporate assets are allocated to individual CGUs, when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be
             identified, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation
             basis can be identified. Goodwill in particular is allocated to those CGUs that are expected to benefit from synergies of the
             related business combination and represent the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for
             internal management purpose and not be larger than an operating segment.

             Impairment losses recognised for CGUs, to which goodwill has been allocated, are credited initially to the carrying amount
             of goodwill. Any remaining impairment loss is charged pro rata to the other assets in the CGUs, except that the carrying
             value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less cost of disposal, or value in use, if determinable.

             An impairment loss on goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods. In respect of other assets, an impairment loss is
             reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount and
             only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
             net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

             Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period. This is
             the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the end
             of the financial year to which the interim period relates.

      2.18 Employee benefits
             Retirement benefits
             The Group joined a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF Scheme”), a defined contribution plan, for all employees in
             Hong Kong. Under the MPF Scheme, the Group makes monthly contribution based on 5% of the employees’ basic salaries
             which is subject to a cap of HK$1,500 for each employee to a privately administered pension insurance plan. The Group
             has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all
             employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods. Prepaid contributions are recognised
             as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available. Forfeited contributions will
             not be used by the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully
             with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

             In addition, pursuant to the government regulations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Group is required to
             contribute an amount to certain retirement benefit schemes based on the wages for the year of those employees in the
             PRC. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.

             Contribution to these defined contribution plans are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
             comprehensive income as incurred.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.18 Employee benefits (Continued)
             Short-term employee benefits
             Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the
             estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the reporting date.

             Non-accumulating compensated absences such as sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of
             leave.

             Bonus plans
             The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration the profit
             attributable to the owner of the Company after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where contractually
             obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

             Termination benefits
             Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement date, or
             when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises termination
             benefits when it is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of current employees according to a
             detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made to
             encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than twelve months after the balance sheet date are
             discounted to present value.

      2.19 Share-based payments
             The Group granted share options to its employees, external consultants and a supplier under its Share Option Scheme.
             There are no vesting period for the share options granted according to the Share Option Scheme. The fair value of the
             share options granted is expensed immediately to the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive
             income which are vested at the date of grant. At the time when the share options are exercised, the amount previously
             recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to share capital and share premium. When the share options are
             forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in the share
             options reserve will be transferred to retained earnings.

             The amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the share options granted including any market
             performance conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and
             including the impact of any non-vesting conditions. Information relating to the Share Option Scheme is set out in note 11.

      2.20 Borrowing costs
             Borrowing costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in the
             period in which they are incurred.

      2.21 Dividend distribution
             Dividends or profit distributions proposed in the profit appropriation plan, which will be authorised and declared after the
             reporting date, are not recognised as a liability at the end of the year but disclosed in the notes to the consolidated
             financial statements separately.




62      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.22 Accounting for income taxes
             Income tax comprises current tax and deferred tax.

             Current income tax assets and/or liabilities comprise those obligations to, or claims from, fiscal authorities relating to the
             current or prior reporting period, that are unpaid at the reporting date. They are calculated according to the tax rates and
             tax laws applicable to the fiscal periods to which they relate, based on the taxable profit for the year. All changes to current
             tax assets or liabilities are recognised as a component of tax expense in profit or loss.

             Deferred tax is calculated using the liability method on temporary differences at the reporting date between the carrying
             amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax liabilities are
             generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary
             differences, tax losses available to be carried forward as well as other unused tax credits, to the extent that it is probable
             that taxable profit, including existing taxable temporary differences, will be available against which the deductible
             temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilised.

             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from initial
             recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither taxable nor
             accounting profit or loss.

             Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, except
             where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary
             differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

             Deferred tax is calculated, without discounting, at tax rates that are expected to apply in the period the liability is settled
             or the asset realised, provided they are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

             Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognised in profit or loss, or in other comprehensive income or directly in
             equity if they relate to items that are charged or credited to other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

             When different tax rates apply to different levels of taxable income, deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
             the average tax rates that are expected to apply to the taxable income of the periods in which the temporary differences
             are expected to reverse.

             The determination of the average tax rates requires an estimation of (i) when the existing temporary differences will
             reverse and (ii) the amount of future taxable profit in those years. The estimate of future taxable profit includes:

             —      income or loss excluding reversals of temporary differences; and

             —      reversals of existing temporary differences.

             Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are presented in net if, and only if,

             (a)    the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and

             (b)    intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.22 Accounting for income taxes (Continued)
             The Group presents deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities in net if, and only if,

             (a)    the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities; and

             (b)    the deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
                    on either:

                    (i)    the same taxable entity; or

                    (ii)   different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to
                           realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts
                           of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

      2.23 Segment reporting
             The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular internal financial
             information reported to the executive directors for their decisions about resources allocation to the Group’s business
             components and for their review of the performance of those components. The business components in the internal
             financial information reported to the executive directors are determined following the Group’s major product and service
             lines.

             For the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group identified three reportable and operating segments which are Sales of
             apparel products — sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions to customers;
             Financial services of licensed business — provide finance advisory and securities brokerage services to the customers; and
             Money lending services — provide equity pledge financing services and money lending services to the customers.

             During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group set up one segregated portfolio, Heritage Distress SP (the “Segregated
             Portfolio”) through DJT Equity Series SPC (the “Cayman Fund”) to commence the asset management business.

             The Group has identified the following reportable segments for the year ended 31 March 2021:

             t     'JOBODJBMTFSWJDFTPGMJDFOTFECVTJOFTTQSPWJEFGJOBODJBMBEWJTPSZTFSWJDFTTFDVSJUJFTSFTFBSDITFSWJDFTTFDVSJUJFT
                    trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; and investment management and
                    advisory services to the customers;

             t     .POFZMFOEJOHTFSWJDFTQSPWJEFFRVJUZQMFEHFGJOBODJOHTFSWJDFTBOENPOFZMFOEJOHTFSWJDFTUPUIFDVTUPNFST

             t     "TTFUNBOBHFNFOUTFSWJDFTQSPWJTJPOPGBTTFUNBOBHFNFOUTFSWJDFTBOE

             t     4BMFT PG BQQBSFM QSPEVDUT  TBMFT PG BQQBSFM QSPEVDUT XJUI UIF QSPWJTJPO PG TVQQMZ DIBJO NBOBHFNFOU UPUBM
                    solutions to customers.

             Each of these operating segments is managed separately as each of the product and service lines requires different
             resources as well as marketing approaches. All inter-segment transfers are carried out at arm’s length prices.




64      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.23 Segment reporting (Continued)
             The measurement policies the Group used for reporting segment results under HKFRS 8 are the same as those used in its
             consolidated financial statements prepared under HKFRSs, except that the following items are not included in arriving at
             the operating results of the operating segment:

             t     JODPNFUBY

             t     GJOBODJBMBTTFUTBUGBJSWBMVFPGGJOBODJBMBTTFUTBU'751- FYDMVEJOHGJOBODJBMBTTFUTBU'751-JOSFQPSUBCMFBOE
                    operating segments);

             t     DPSQPSBUFJODPNFBOEFYQFOTFTXIJDIBSFOPUEJSFDUMZBUUSJCVUBCMFUPUIFCVTJOFTTBDUJWJUJFTPGBOZPQFSBUJOH
                    segment.

             t     DFSUBJOGJOBODFDPTUBOE

             t     DFSUBJOEFQSFDJBUJPOPGSJHIUPGVTFBTTFUT

             Segment assets include all assets with the exception of certain financial assets at FVTPL and other corporate assets.

             Segment liabilities include contract liabilities, trade, bills and other payables, provision for reinstatement cost, lease
             liabilities, income tax payable and bank borrowings managed directly by the segments with exception of promissory note,
             bonds payable and other corporate liabilities.

             No asymmetrical allocations have been applied to reportable segments.

      2.24 Earnings per share
             (a)    Basic earnings per share
                    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                    t     UIFQSPGJUBUUSJCVUBCMFUPPXOFSTPGUIF$PNQBOZ FYDMVEJOHBOZDPTUTPGTFSWJDJOHFRVJUZPUIFSUIBOPSEJOBSZ
                           shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for
                           bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

             (b)    Diluted earnings per share
                    Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into
                    account:

                    t     UIFBGUFSJODPNFUBYFGGFDUPGJOUFSFTUBOEPUIFSGJOBODJOHDPTUTBTTPDJBUFEXJUIEJMVUJWFQPUFOUJBMPSEJOBSZ
                           shares, and

                    t     UIFXFJHIUFEBWFSBHFOVNCFSPGBEEJUJPOBMPSEJOBSZTIBSFTUIBUXPVMEIBWFCFFOPVUTUBOEJOHBTTVNJOHUIF
                           conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021        65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.25 Related parties
             For the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, a party is considered to be related to the Group if:

             (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and if that person:

                    (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                    (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                    (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

             (b)    the party is an entity and if any of the following conditions applies:

                    (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group.

                    (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of
                            a group of which the other entity is a member).

                    (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party.

                    (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                    (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                            related to the Group.

                    (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                    (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                            personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                    (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the
                           Group or to the Group’s parent.

             Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
             by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




66      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

3.    ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDED HKFRSs
      Amended HKFRSs that are effective for annual periods beginning or after 1 April 2020
      In the current year, the Group has applied for the first time the following amended HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, which are
      relevant to the Group’s operations and effective for the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the annual period
      beginning on 1 April 2020:

      Amendments to HKFRS 3                                            Definition of a Business
      Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7                       Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
      Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                                  Definition of Material

      The adoption of the amended HKFRSs had no material impact on how the results and financial position for the current and prior
      periods have been prepared and presented.

      Amendments to HKFRS 3 “Definition of a Business”
      The amendments narrowed and clarified the definition of a business, with the objective of assisting entities to determine
      whether a transaction should be accounted for as a business combination or as an asset acquisition.

      The amendments:

      t     DMBSJGZUIBUBCVTJOFTTJTDPOTJEFSFEBTBOBDRVJSFETFUPGBDUJWJUJFTBOEBTTFUTNVTUJODMVEF BUBNJOJNVN BOJOQVUBOEB
             substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. Guidance and illustrative
             examples are provided to help entities assess whether a substantive process has been acquired;

      t     OBSSPXUIFEFGJOJUJPOTPGBCVTJOFTTBOEPGPVUQVUTCZGPDVTJOHPOHPPETBOETFSWJDFTQSPWJEFEUPDVTUPNFSTBOECZ
             removing the reference to an ability to reduce costs;

      t     BEEBOPQUJPOBMDPODFOUSBUJPOUFTUUIBUQFSNJUTTJNQMJGJFEBTTFTTNFOUPGXIFUIFSBOBDRVJSFETFUPGBDUJWJUJFTBOEBTTFUTJT
             not a business; and

      t     SFNPWFUIFBTTFTTNFOUPGXIFUIFSNBSLFUQBSUJDJQBOUTBSFDBQBCMFPGSFQMBDJOHBOZNJTTJOHJOQVUTPSQSPDFTTFTBOE
             continuing to produce outputs.

      The application of these amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

3.    ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDED HKFRSs (Continued)
      Amended HKFRSs that are effective for annual periods beginning or after 1 April 2020 (Continued)
      Issued but not yet effective HKFRSs
      At the date of authorisation of these consolidated financial statements, certain new and amended HKFRSs have been published
      but are not yet effective, and have not been adopted early by the Group.

      HKFRS 17                                                             Insurance Contracts and related amendments3
      Amendments to HKFRS 3                                                Reference to the Conceptual Framework5
      Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7,                          Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 21
        HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                                   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                              its Associate or Joint Venture4
      Amendment to HKFRS 16                                                Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions6
      Amendment to HKFRS 16                                                Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 20217
      Amendments to HKAS 1                                                 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                                              related amendments to Hong Kong interpretation 5 (2020)3
      Amendments to HKAS 16                                                Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use2
      Amendments to HKAS 37                                                Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
      Amendments to HKFRSs                                                 Annual Improvements to HKFRS Standards 2018–20202
      Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)                                     Merger Accounting for Common Control Combination5
      1
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
      2
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
      3
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
      4
              Effective date not yet determined
      5
              Effective for business combination/common control combination for which the acquisition/combination date is on or after the beginning of the first annual
              period beginning on or after 1 January 2022
      6
              Effective for annual period beginning on or after 1 June 2020
      7
              Effective for annual period beginning on or after 1 April 2021


      The Directors anticipate that all of the pronouncements will be adopted in the Group’s accounting policy for the first period
      beginning on or after the effective date of the pronouncement. The above new and amended HKFRSs are not expected to have a
      material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
      expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

      4.1 Critical accounting judgements
              Determination of consolidation scope
              All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor,
              controls the investee. The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights,
              to variable returns from involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the
              amount of investors’ returns. The Group reassesses whether it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
              there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above




68        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
      4.1 Critical accounting judgements (Continued)
             Determination of consolidation scope (Continued)
             For assets management schemes where the Group involves as the investment manager, the Group assesses whether the
             combination of investments it holds, if any, together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from
             the activities of the assets management schemes that is of such significance indicating that the Group is a principal. The
             assets management schemes shall be consolidated if the Group acts in the role of principal.

             The Group managed funds as investment manager and after consideration of the above mentioned factors, the directors
             assessed that the Group is an agent and do not consolidate these funds. The purpose of managing funds is to generate
             management fee and performance fee from managing assets on behalf of the funds. Interest held by the Group includes
             management fee and performance fee charged by providing investment management services to the structured entity. For
             the year ended 31 March 2021, the management fee and performance fee recognised is amounting to HK$124,333,000.

             Details of other interests in assets management entitles is disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

      4.2 Estimation uncertainty
             The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
             seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
             adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below:

             Fair value of financial instruments
             Financial instruments at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the reporting date. For part of the above financial
             instruments, quoted market prices are readily available. However, the determination of fair value for financial assets for
             which there is no observable market price, requires the use of valuation technique. For financial instruments that trade
             infrequently and have little price transparency, fair value is less objective, and requires varying degrees of judgement
             depending on liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of market factors, pricing assumptions and other risks affecting the
             specific instrument. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value
             of these instruments. Details of fair value measurements are disclosed in note 39.7 to the consolidated financial
             statements.

             Fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities acquired through business combinations at the date of acquisition
             The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations, which requires the Group to record assets
             acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values on the date of acquisition. Significant judgement and estimate are
             used to determine the completion date and fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The valuation involves
             estimating future cash flows from the acquired business, determining appropriate discount rates, asset lives and other
             assumptions.

             Details of business combinations are disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

             Estimation of impairment of trade, bills and other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other financial
             assets measured at amortised cost within the scope of ECL under HKFRS 9
             The Group makes allowances on items subjects to ECL (including trade, bills and other receivables, loan and interests
             receivables and other financial assets measured at amortised cost) based on assumptions about risk of default and
             expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
             calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end
             of each reporting period as set out in note 2.8. As at 31 March 2021, the aggregate carrying amounts of trade, bills and
             other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other financial assets measured at amortised cost amounted to
             HK$209,297,000 (2020: HK$75,642,000) (net of ECL allowance of HK$756,000 (2020: HK$Nil)), HK$92,701,000 (2020:
             HK$32,344,000) (net of ECL allowance of HK$1,938,000 (2020: HK$65,451,000)) and HK$99,255,000 (2020: HK$65,451,000),
             respectively.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021             69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
      4.2 Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
             Estimation of impairment of trade, bills and other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other financial
             assets measured at amortised cost within the scope of ECL under HKFRS 9 (Continued)
             When the actual future cash flows are different from expected, such difference will impact the carrying amount of trade,
             bills and other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other financial assets measured at amortised cost within the
             scope of ECL under HKFRS 9 and credit losses in the periods in which such estimate has been changed.

             Valuation of share options granted
             The fair value of share options granted was priced using a Binomial option pricing model which requires the
             management’s estimates and assumptions on significant calculation inputs, including the estimated life of share options
             granted, the volatility of share price and expected dividend yield. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could
             materially affect the fair value estimate, which would in turn affect the share-based payment expense recognised for the
             period and its corresponding impact on the share options reserve. Estimates relating to the evaluation of share options are
             discussed in note 11.

             Income tax
             The Group is subject to income taxes in jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Significant judgement is required in
             determining the provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
             determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially
             recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the year in which such determination
             is made. Details of income tax are set out in note 13.

             Recognition of deferred tax assets
             Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses that are recognised when management
             considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences or tax losses
             can be utilised. The nature of their actual utilisation may be different.

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular internal financial information
      reported to the executive directors (i.e. the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”)) for their decisions about resources
      allocation to the Group’s business components and for their review of the performance of those components. The business
      components in the internal financial information reported to the executive directors are determined following the Group’s major
      product and service lines.

      For the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group identified three reportable and operating segments which are Sales of apparel
      products — sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions to customers; Financial
      services of licensed business — provide finance advisory and securities brokerage services to the customers; and Money lending
      services — provide equity pledge financing services and money lending services to the customers.

      During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group set up the Segregated Portfolio through Cayman Fund to commence asset
      management business.




70      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      The Group has identified the following reportable and operating segments for the year ended 31 March 2021:

      t     'JOBODJBMTFSWJDFTPGMJDFOTFECVTJOFTTQSPWJEFGJOBODJBMBEWJTPSZTFSWJDFTTFDVSJUJFTSFTFBSDITFSWJDFTTFDVSJUJFTUSBEJOH
             and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; and investment management and advisory services to
             the customers;

      t     .POFZMFOEJOHTFSWJDFTQSPWJEFFRVJUZQMFEHFGJOBODJOHTFSWJDFTBOENPOFZMFOEJOHTFSWJDFTUPUIFDVTUPNFST

      t     "TTFUNBOBHFNFOUTFSWJDFTQSPWJTJPOPGBTTFUNBOBHFNFOUTFSWJDFTBOE

      t     4BMFTPGBQQBSFMQSPEVDUTTBMFTPGBQQBSFMQSPEVDUTXJUIUIFQSPWJTJPOPGTVQQMZDIBJONBOBHFNFOUUPUBMTPMVUJPOTUP
             customers.

      Each of these reportable and operating segments is managed separately as each of the product and service lines requires
      different resources as well as marketing approaches. All inter-segment transfers are carried out at arm’s length prices.

      For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group’s CODM monitors the
      results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

      Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to the revenue generated by those segments and
      the expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arise from the depreciation, bank interest income, finance costs,
      ECL of trade and other receivables, ECL of loan and interest receivables of assets, net loss on deconsolidation of a subsidiary
      gains/(losses) on sales of financial assets at FVTPL (related to segment of assets management services and segment of sales of
      apparel products), fair value gains/(losses) on financial asset at FVTPL (related to segment of sales of approval products, financial
      services of licensed business and segment of asset management services) and written off of property, plant and equipment
      attributable to those segments. Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL (excluding financial assets at FVTPL in reportable
      and operating segments) and certain finance costs, depreciation of right-of-use assets, unallocated corporate expenses are not
      included in the result for each operating segment.

      Segment assets include all assets with the exception of financial assets at FVTPL and other corporate assets.

      Segment liabilities include contract liabilities, trade, bills and other payable, provision for reinstatement cost, lease liabilities,
      income tax payable and bank borrowings managed directly by the segments with exception of promissory note, bonds payable
      and other corporate liabilities.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines and timing of revenue recognition
      are as follows:

                                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000
      Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15
      Disaggregated by major products or service lines
      — Provision of financial services of licensed business (note (a))                               288,218              12,909
      — Sales of apparel products                                                                     133,475             212,875
                                                                                                      421,693             225,784

      Revenue from other source
      — Provision of money lending services                                                              4,858                607
                                                                                                      426,551             226,391
      Disaggregated by timing of revenue recognition under HKFRS 15
      — Services provided over time                                                                   110,174               4,750
      — Services provided at a point in time                                                          178,044               8,159
      — Goods transferred at a point in time                                                          133,475             212,875
                                                                                                      421,693             225,784
      Revenue from other source
      — Interest income from provision of money lending services                                         4,858                607
                                                                                                      426,551             226,391

      Note (a)


                                                                                                          2021               2020
      Revenue from provision of financial services of licensed business                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

      Service fee income from financial advisory services and investment management services            281,195              12,707
      Commission and brokerage arising on securities dealing on the Stock Exchange                        7,023                 202
                                                                                                        288,218              12,909




72      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      The segment information provided to the CODM for the reportable segments for the year ended 31 March 2021 is as follows:

                                              Financial
                                             services of      Money         Asset            Sales of          Inter-
                                               licensed      lending management              apparel        company
                                               business     services     services           products     Elimination        Total
                                               HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000
      Revenue
        — From external customers              288,218         4,858                 –       133,475               –       426,551
        — Inter-segment revenue                    100             –                 –             –            (100)            –
      Reportable segment revenue               288,318         4,858                 –       133,475            (100)      426,551
      Reportable segment profit/(loss)         178,156         2,302           44,860          (5,544)         5,055       224,829

      Gains/(losses) on sales of financial
         assets at FVTPL, net                         –            –           19,534          (4,725)             –           14,809
      Fair value gains on financial assets
         at FVTPL                                    86            –           25,657               –              –           25,743
      Bank interest income                           10            –                –               –              –               10
      Depreciation of property,
         plant and equipment                       (704)           –                 –           (235)             –              (939)
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets        (1,489)        (120)                –         (3,295)             –            (4,904)
      ECL of
         — trade and other receivables             (360)            –                –           (396)             –              (756)
         — loan and interest receivables               –      (1,775)                –              –              –            (1,775)
      Finance costs                                  (44)          (6)          (1,396)          (160)             –            (1,606)
      Net loss of deconsolidation of
         a subsidiary                                 –            –              (696)             –              –              (696)
      Income tax expense                         (8,652)        (673)           (7,280)          (389)             –           (16,994)




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021       73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                               Financial
                                              services of      Money         Asset         Sales of            Inter-
                                                licensed      lending management           apparel          company
                                                business      services    services        products       Elimination        Total
                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000
      Reportable segment assets
      Balance at 31 March 2021                   283,217       95,084              –            55,444               –     433,745
      Balance at 31 March 2020                    48,913       39,097              –           122,362               –     210,372
      Additions to non-current assets
      Balance at 31 March 2021                    11,108         254               –             4,767               –      16,129
      Balance at 31 March 2020                    15,798         598               –             8,090               –      24,486
      Reportable segment liabilities
      Balance at 31 March 2021                    74,134         859               –            19,757               –      94,750
      Balance at 31 March 2020                    19,456          11               –            25,597               –      45,064


      The segment information provided to the CODM for the reportable segments for the year ended 31 March 2020 is as follows:

                                                                Financial
                                                               services of           Money                Sales of
                                                                 licensed           lending               apparel
                                                                 business           services             products           Total
                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000          HK$’000
      Revenue
      — From external customers                                   12,909                607              212,875           226,391
      Reportable segment revenue                                  12,909                607              212,875           226,391
      Reportable segment profit/(loss)                              3,895                301              (45,546)         (41,350)
      Bank interest income                                              –                  –                    5                5
      Depreciation of non-financial assets                           (900)                 –               (4,234)          (5,134)
      ECL of loan and interest receivables                              –               (163)                   –             (163)
      Written off of property, plant and equipment                      –                  –                 (754)            (754)
      Loss on sales of financial assets at FVTPL                        –                  –              (38,100)         (38,100)
      Fair value loss on financial assets at FVTPL, net                 –                  –               (1,171)          (1,171)
      Finance costs                                                   (23)                 –                 (225)            (248)




74      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Reconciliations of reportable segment profit/(loss), assets and liabilities

                                                                                                            2021               2020
      Profit/(loss)                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000
      Reportable segment profit/(loss)                                                                    224,829                (41,350)
      — Gains on sales of financial assets at FVTPL                                                            138                     –
      — Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                                       37,605                     –
      — Finance costs                                                                                         (466)                    –
      — Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                   (887)                    –
      — Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                     (43,427)              (10,511)
      Consolidated profit/(loss) before income tax                                                        217,792                (51,861)


                                                                                                            2021               2020
      Assets                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000
      Reportable segment assets, after elimination of inter-segment balances                              433,745                210,372
      — Financial assets at FVTPL
         — Unlisted equity securities — outside Hong Kong                                                  71,204                     –
         — Unlisted investment fund                                                                       119,106                     –
      — Other corporate assets                                                                              3,886                   742
      Consolidated total assets                                                                           627,941                211,114


                                                                                                            2021               2020
      Liabilities                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
      Reportable segment liabilities, after elimination of inter-segment balances                          94,750                 45,064
      Promissory note                                                                                      22,376                      –
      Bonds payable                                                                                         6,000                      –
      Other corporate liabilities                                                                           4,258                  1,036
      Consolidated total liabilities                                                                      127,384                 46,100


      Revenue from external customers is analysed by region as follows:

                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000
      Revenue from sales of apparel products:
      Europe                                                                                               78,640                136,936
      America                                                                                              42,918                 56,630
      Middle East                                                                                           5,886                 14,257
      Asia Pacific (including Hong Kong)                                                                    6,031                  5,052
                                                                                                          133,475                212,875
      Revenue from provision of financial services of licensed business:
      Hong Kong                                                                                           288,218                 12,909

      Revenue from provision of money lending services:
      Hong Kong                                                                                              4,858                  607
                                                                                                          426,551                226,391


                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021       75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Geographical information
      The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided or the goods delivered. The
      geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the assets, in the case of property,
      plant and equipment and right-of-use assets; and the location of the operations to which they are allocated, in the case of
      intangible assets and goodwill. Specified non-current assets do not include deferred tax assets and financial instruments for the
      purpose of geographical information disclosure.

      The Group’s operations are principally located in Hong Kong and Singapore.

      The Group’s information about its specified non-current assets by geographical locations are detailed below:

                                                                                                                              Specified non-current assets
                                                                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000
      Hong Kong                                                                                                                      23,895                  19,709
      Singapore                                                                                                                       8,073                       –
                                                                                                                                     31,968                  19,709


      Revenue individually generated from the following customers contributed more than 10% of the total revenue of the Group:

                                                                                                                                      2021                   2020
                                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000
      Customer A                                                                                                                        N/A*                 42,031
      Customer B                                                                                                                     48,373                  41,177
      Customer C                                                                                                                        N/A*                 27,236
      Customer D                                                                                                                    124,333                     N/A*

      Note:   During the year ended 31 March 2021, revenue from customer B and D of the Group’s segment of sales of apparel products and segment of financial services
              of licensed business amounting to approximately HK$48,373,000 (2020: HK$41,177,000) and HK$124,333,000 (2020: N/A), respectively, which represented
              approximately 11% (2020: 18%) and 29% (2020: N/A), respectively, of the Group’s consolidated revenue.


      During the year ended 31 March 2020, revenue from customer A and C of the Group’s sales of apparel segment amounting to
      approximately HK$42,031,000 and HK$27,236,000, respectively, which represented approximately 19% and 12%, respectively, of
      the Group’s consolidated revenue.

      *       Revenue from this customer is less than 10% of total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 or 2020.




76        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Liabilities related to contracts with customers
      The consideration received in advance as prepayments from customers amounting to HK$6,717,000 (2020: HK$1,280,000) are for
      financial advisory service; consideration received in advance as prepayments from customers amounting to HK$6,204,000 (2020:
      HK$Nil) is for investment management service and consideration received in advance as prepayments from customers amounting
      to HK$1,621,000 (2020: HK$832,000) are for sales of apparel products. The contract liabilities are regards as short term as the
      respective revenue is expected to be recognised within one year when the services are performed or goods are delivered.

      The significant increase in contract liabilities are mainly consist of received in advance as prepayments from customers for
      financial advisory service and investment management service.

      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to carried-forward
      contract liabilities.

                                                                                                                              2021                     2020
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000
      Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
        at the beginning of the year                                                                                            2,112                   1,856


6.    OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES), NET

                                                                                                                              2021                     2020
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000
      Gains/(losses) on sales of financial assets at FVTPL, net                                                               14,947                  (38,100)
      Fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at FVTPL, net                                                             63,348                   (1,171)
      Net loss on deconsolidation of a subsidiary (note 37)                                                                     (696)                       –
      Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL                                                                           1,614                      268
      Government grants (note (a))                                                                                             2,199                        –
      Written off of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                                       –                     (754)
      Foreign exchange gain                                                                                                    1,423                        –
      Others                                                                                                                     162                      325
                                                                                                                              82,997                  (39,432)

      Note (a):

      Being the grants received from the COVID-19 Anti-epidemic Fund under the Employment Support Scheme and other subsidy schemes under the Anti-epidemic Fund
      as launched by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.




                                                                                     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021                   77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

7.    EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                            2021       2020
                                                                                          HK$’000    HK$’000
      Cost of goods sold                                                                  114,636    190,477
      Cost of services                                                                     64,023      1,000
      Sales commission                                                                      1,465      2,579
      Incentive fee                                                                           175        293
      Provision for impairment of prepaid incentive fee                                         –        118
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                 939        924
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                                         5,791      4,210
      Short-term leases in respect of
         — office                                                                             72          7
         — staff quarter                                                                       –        396
         — car park                                                                          245        206
         — warehouse                                                                           –        550
      Auditors’ remuneration
         — Audit services                                                                   1,100        806
      Employee benefit expenses (note 8)                                                   64,188     21,111
      Entertainment and travelling expenses                                                 7,454      1,923
      ECL on trade receivables (note 20)                                                      756          –
      ECL on loan and interest receivables, net (note 21)                                   1,775        163
      Share options granted to eligible participants other than directors and employees       610      1,792
      Consultancy fee                                                                      10,208      5,257
      Legal and professional fee                                                            4,587        472
      License expenses                                                                      2,070         73
      Other expenses                                                                        9,600      6,220
      Total cost of sales, selling expenses, general and administrative expenses
        and ECL of receivables                                                            289,694    238,577


8.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)

                                                                                            2021       2020
                                                                                          HK$’000    HK$’000
      Salaries, bonus and other short-term employee benefits                               32,069     18,149
      Share options granted to employees and directors (note 11)                           31,351      2,477
      (Reversal of provision for)/provision for unutilised annual leave                      (143)        20
      Pension costs — defined contribution plans                                              911        465
                                                                                           64,188     21,111




78      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

9.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                Emoluments paid or payable in respect of a person’s services as a
                                                                 director, whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertakings
                                                                                                             Employer’s
                                                                                                           contribution
                                                                                                                    to a
                                                                                                Share-       retirement
                                                                                                based            benefit
                                                                  Fees         Salaries      payments            scheme           Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000
      Year ended 31 March 2021

      Executive directors
      Ms. Jiang Xinrong (“Ms. Jiang”) (note (i))                  672             753                –              28          1,453
      Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”) (note (i))                     837             941              955              30          2,763

      Non-executive directors
      Mr. Li Ren (“Mr. Li”)                                       240                –             955               –           1,195
      Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                     219                –               –               –             219

      Independent non-executive directors
      Ms. Luk Huen Ling Claire (“Ms. Luk”)
        (Resigned on 30 September 2020) (note (vii))               60                –               –               –              60
      Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                      120                –               –               –             120
      Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien                                         122                –               –               –             122
      Mr. Liu Chun (“Mr. Liu”)
        (Appointed on 22 April 2020) (note (vi))                  113                –             420               –             533
                                                                2,383            1,694           2,330              58           6,465




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

9.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                               Emoluments paid or payable in respect of a person’s services as a
                                                                                director, whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertakings
                                                                                                                                   Employer’s
                                                                                                                                 contribution
                                                                                                                                           to a
                                                                                                        Share-                     retirement
                                                                                                         based       Housing            benefit
                                                                          Fees         Salaries      payments     allowance            scheme                        Total
                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000                      HK$’000
      Year ended 31 March 2020

      Executive directors
      Mr. Cheung Lui (“Mr. Cheung”)
        (Resigned on 27 March 2020) (notes (i) and (iii))                    120               640                  –               400                 24                1,184
      Mr. Chak Ka Wai (“Mr. Chak”) (notes (i) and (ii))                       10               900                  –                 –                 19                  929
      Mr. Yu Xiu Yang (“Mr. Yu”)
        (Resigned on 19 November 2019) (note (iv))                           458                  –               854                  –                 –                1,312
      Ms. Jiang Xinrong (“Ms. Jiang”)
        (Appointed on 18 June 2019)                                        1,132                  –               769                  –                15                1,916
      Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”)
        (Appointed on 28 February 2020) (note (v))                           160                  –                 –                  –                 2                 162

      Non-executive directors
      Ms. Chin Ying Ying
        (Resigned on 27 March 2020)                                          456                  –                 –                  –                 –                 456
      Mr. Li Ren (“Mr. Li”)
        (Appointed on 17 April 2019)                                         229                  –               854                  –                 –                1,083
      Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                                  3                  –                 –                  –                 –                    3

      Independent non-executive directors
      Mr. Choi Sheung Jeffrey
        (Resigned on 27 March 2020)                                          120                  –                 –                  –                 –                 120
      Ms. Luk Huen Ling Claire (“Ms. Luk”)                                   120                  –                 –                  –                 –                 120
      Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                                 120                  –                 –                  –                 –                 120
      Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
        (Appointed on 27 March 2020)                                            2                 –                 –                  –                 –                   2
                                                                           2,930             1,540              2,477               400                 60                7,407

      Notes:

      (i)       The remuneration shown above included remuneration received from the Group by the directors in their capacity as employees of the Company or its
                subsidiaries during the years ended 31 March 2021 and 2020.

      (ii)      Mr. Chak resigned as chief financial officer of the Company with effect from 27 March 2020.

      (iii)     Mr. Cheung resigned as executive director and chief executive officer of the Company with effect from 27 March 2020.

      (iv)      On 19 November 2019, the board of directors approved at their discretion that the share options granted to Mr. Yu remained valid after his resignation.

      (v)       Mr. Chen was appointed as executive director with effect from 28 February 2020 and chief executive officer of the Company with effect from 27 March 2020.

      (vi)      Mr. Liu was appointed as independent non-executive of the Company director with effect from 22 April 2020.

      (vii)     Ms. Luk resigned as independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 30 September 2020.




80          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

9.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      During the year ended 31 March 2021, there were no retirement benefits paid to directors (2020: Nil) in respect of the services as
      a director of the Company and its subsidiaries.

      During the year ended 31 March 2021, there was no benefits provided for early termination of the directors’ appointment in
      office (2020: Nil).

      No consideration was provided to third parties for making available of directors’ services during the year ended 31 March 2021
      (2020: Nil).

      During the year ended 31 March 2021, there was no arrangement in relation to loans, quasi-loans and other dealings between
      the Group and the directors (2020: Nil).

      For significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in
      which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any
      time during the year, please refer to note 36 (2020: Nil).

      There were no arrangements under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year (2020: HK$Nil).

      The value of share options granted to directors is measured according to the Group’s accounting policy for share-based
      compensation set out in note 2.19 and 4.2. The details of these benefits in kind including the principal terms and number of
      options granted are disclosed under the heading “Share Option Scheme” in the Report of the Directors in the 2020/2021 annual
      report and note 11.

10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS
      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include 2 (2020: 4) directors and executives
      whose emoluments were reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments paid to the remaining 3 (2020: 1) individuals
      during the year ended 31 March 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                                           HK$’000              HK$’000
      Basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and benefits in kind                               3,340                1,218
      Share based payment                                                                                     5,594                    –
      Bonus                                                                                                   1,600                  100
                                                                                                             10,534                1,318


      The emoluments of the remaining individual fell within the following bands during the years ended 31 March 2021 and 2020:

                                                                                                          Number of individuals
                                                                                                             2021               2020
      Between HK$1,000,001 and HK$1,500,000                                                                        –                   1
      Between HK$1,500,001 and HK$2,000,000                                                                        1                   –
      Between HK$2,000,001 and HK$2,500,000                                                                        1                   –
      Between HK$5,000,001 and HK$5,500,000                                                                        1                   –




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021          81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
      The Company has a Share Option Scheme which was adopted on 22 September 2015 (“Share Option Scheme”) whereby the
      directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees of the Group, including directors of any
      company in the Group, to take up options to subscribe for shares of the Company by payment of HK$1.00 consideration upon
      acceptance. The options vest immediately from the date of grant and then exercisable within a period of three years. Each option
      gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the Company.

      All share-based employee compensation will be settled in equity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase
      or settle the options other than by issuing the Company’s ordinary shares.

      On 17 August 2020, the Group granted a total of 54,500,000 share options under the Share Option Scheme with no vesting
      period. Among the 54,500,000 share options, 41,500,000 of which has an exercise price of HK$0.9 to subscribe for one ordinary
      share and the remaining 13,000,000 of which has an exercise price of HK$1.00 to subscribe for one ordinary share.

                                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                                       shares options
      Name                                   Position held/relationship with the Company                                      granted
      Mr. Chen                               Executive director                                                              5,500,000
      Mr. Li                                 Non-executive director                                                          5,500,000
      Mr. Liu                                Independent non-executive director                                              3,000,000
      Employees                              Not applicable                                                                 36,000,000
      External consultants                   Not applicable                                                                  4,500,000


      The above exercise price is not lower than the highest of (i) the closing price of HK$0.88 per share as quoted in the Stock
      Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the grant date; (ii) the average closing price of HK$0.876 per share as quoted in the Stock
      Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date; and (iii) the nominal value of
      HK$0.01 per share.

      On 19 November 2020, the Group granted a total of 53,000,000 share options under the Share Option Scheme with no vesting
      period. The share options have an exercise price of HK$2.50 to subscribe for one ordinary share of HK$0.01 each.

                                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                                       shares options
      Name                                   Position held/relationship with the Company                                      granted
      Employees                              Not applicable                                                                 53,000,000


      The above exercise price is not lower than the highest of (i) the closing price of HK$2.30 per share as quoted in the Stock
      Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the grant date; (ii) the average closing price of HK$2.148 per share as quoted in the Stock
      Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date; and (iii) the nominal value of
      HK$0.01 per share.




82      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      On 15 August 2019, the Group granted a total of 52,821,000 share options under the Share Option Scheme with no vesting
      period. Among the 52,821,000 share options, 32,591,000 of which has an exercise price of HK$0.476 to subscribe for one ordinary
      share of the Company of HK$0.01 each, and the remaining 20,230,000 of which has an exercise price of HK$0.5 to subscribe for
      one ordinary share of HK$0.01 each.

                                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                                       shares options
      Name                                   Position held/relationship with the Company                                      granted
      Ms. Jiang                              Executive director                                                             10,115,000
      Mr. Yu                                 the former Executive director                                                  11,238,000
      Mr. Li                                 Non-executive director                                                         11,238,000
      External consultants                   Not applicable                                                                 20,230,000


      The above exercise price is not lower than the highest of (i) the closing price of HK$0.46 per share as quoted in the Stock
      Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the grant date; (ii) the average closing price of HK$0.476 per share as quoted in the Stock
      Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date; and (iii) the nominal value of
      HK$0.01 per share.

      As at 31 March 2021 and 2020, details of each share options granted are set out below:

                                                                                                   Estimate
      Date of grant                Option type     Exercisable period                              option life          Exercise price
                                                                                                                                  HK$
      27 October 2017              2017A           27 October 2017 to 27 October 2027              3.4 years                     0.482
      27 October 2017              2017B           27 October 2017 to 27 October 2027              5 years                       0.482
      27 October 2017              2017C           27 October 2017 to 27 October 2027              10 years                      0.482
      27 April 2018                2018            27 April 2018 to 27 April 2028                  10 years                      0.425
      15 August 2019               2019A           15 August 2019 to 14 August 2022                3 years                       0.476
      15 August 2019               2019B           15 August 2019 to 14 August 2022                3 years                       0.500
      17 August 2020               2020A           17 August 2020 to 16 August 2023                3 years                       0.900
      17 August 2020               2020B           17 August 2020 to 16 August 2023                3 years                       1.000
      19 November 2020             2020C           19 November 2020 to 18 November 2023            3 years                       2.500




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      11.1 Movement in share options

                                                                                  Granted       Exercised
                                                              Outstanding at        during         during Outstanding at
             As at 31 March 2021               Option type      1 April 2020      the year       the year 31 March 2021
             Directors
             Mr. Li                            2019A             11,238,000              –    (11,238,000)                –
             Mr. Li                            2020A                      –      5,500,000      (5,500,000)               –
             Mr. Chen                          2020A                      –      5,500,000      (5,500,000)               –
             Mr. Liu                           2020B                      –      3,000,000               –        3,000,000
             Sub-total                                           11,238,000     14,000,000    (22,238,000)        3,000,000
             Employee(s) of the Group          2020A                      –     30,500,000    (30,500,000)                –
                                               2020B                      –      5,500,000              –         5,500,000
                                               2020C                      –     53,000,000              –        53,000,000
             Sub-total                                                    –     89,000,000    (30,500,000)       58,500,000
             Other participants                2017A             10,000,000              –    (10,000,000)                –
                                               2017C             10,000,000              –    (10,000,000)                –
                                               2018              20,000,000              –    (20,000,000)                –
                                               2019A             11,238,000              –    (11,238,000)                –
                                               2020B                      –      4,500,000      (3,000,000)       1,500,000
             Sub-total                                           51,238,000      4,500,000    (54,238,000)        1,500,000
             Total                                               62,476,000    107,500,000   (106,976,000)       63,000,000


                                                                                Granted        Exercised
                                                         Outstanding at           during          during      Outstanding at
             As at 31 March 2021                           1 April 2020         the year        the year      31 March 2021
             Weighted average exercise price per share
               (HK$ (approximate))                                0.462           1.701           0.647               2.262
             Weighted average remaining contractual
               life of options outstanding as at
               31 March 2021                                                                                      2.59 years
             Number of options exercisable as at
               31 March 2021                                                                                     63,000,000
             Weighted average exercise price per share
               of options exercisable as at
               31 March 2021 (HK$)                                                                                    2.262




84      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      11.1 Movement in share options (Continued)

                                                                                          Granted           Exercised
                                                                 Outstanding at             during             during   Outstanding at
             As at 31 March 2020               Option type         1 April 2019           the year           the year   31 March 2020
             Directors
             Ms. Luk Huen Ling Claire          2018                  10,000,000                 –        (10,000,000)               –
             Ms. Jiang                         2019A                          –        10,115,000        (10,115,000)               –
             Mr. Li                            2019A                          –        11,238,000                  –       11,238,000
             Sub-total                                               10,000,000        21,353,000        (20,115,000)      11,238,000
             Employee(s) of the Group          2017B                 10,000,000                 –        (10,000,000)               –
                                               2017C                 10,000,000                 –        (10,000,000)               –
                                               2018                  10,000,000                 –        (10,000,000)               –
                                               2019B                          –        20,230,000        (20,230,000)               –
             Sub-total                                               30,000,000        20,230,000        (50,230,000)               –
             Other participants                2017A                 10,000,000                 –                  –       10,000,000
                                               2017C                 10,000,000                 –                  –       10,000,000
                                               2018                  40,000,000                 –        (20,000,000)      20,000,000
                                               2019A                          –        11,238,000                  –       11,238,000
             Sub-total                                               60,000,000        11,238,000        (20,000,000)      51,238,000
             Total                                                  100,000,000        52,821,000        (90,345,000)      62,476,000


                                                                                       Granted            Exercised
                                                             Outstanding at              during              during     Outstanding at
             As at 31 March 2020                               1 April 2019            the year            the year     31 March 2020
             Weighted average exercise price per share
               (HK$ (approximate))                                    0.448               0.485               0.460             0.462
             Weighted average remaining contractual
               life of options outstanding as at
               31 March 2020                                                                                                4.80 years
             Number of options exercisable as at
               31 March 2020                                                                                               62,476,000
             Weighted average exercise price per share
               of options exercisable as at
               31 March 2020 (HK$)                                                                                              0.462


             The share options outstanding at 31 March 2021 had exercise prices of HK$1 to HK$2.5 (2020: HK$0.425 to HK$0.482).

             During the year ended 31 March 2021, there was no lapse or cancellation of share options (2020: Nil).

             The weighted average share price for share options exercised during the year at the date of exercise was HK$0.647
             (2020: HK$0.460).

             During the year ended 31 March 2021, share-based payment expense in relation to share options granted to the directors
             (including executive director and non-executive director), employees and the external consultants were HK$2,330,000,
             HK$29,021,000 and HK$610,000 (2020: HK$2,477,000, HK$Nil and HK$1,792,000) respectively and charged to the
             consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021       85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      11.2 Fair value of share options and assumptions
             The fair value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 March 2021 and 2020 were derived from Binomial
             option pricing model by applying the following bases and assumptions:

                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2021
                                                                                                     Share options granted to
                                                         Employees Mr. Li and Mr. Chen                 Mr. Liu          Employees          Employees External consultants
             Grant date                                 19/11/2020             17/8/2020            17/8/2020           17/8/2020          17/8/2020            17/8/2020
             Number of options granted                  53,000,000            11,000,000            3,000,000          30,500,000          5,500,000            4,500,000
             Option life (note (i))                         3 years               3 years              3 years             3 years            3 years              3 years
             Risk-free rate (note (ii))                       0.2%                  0.1%                 0.1%                0.1%               0.1%                 0.1%
             Volatility (note (iii))                        43.90%                37.27%               37.27%              37.27%             37.27%               37.27%
             Dividend yield                                     0%                    0%                   0%                  0%                 0%                   0%
             Fair value per share option
                at grant date                         HK$0.44314            HK$0.17364           HK$0.13992           HK$0.15884       HK$0.12537             HK$0.13559
             Total fair value for each batch        HK$23,486,000          HK$1,910,000          HK$420,000          HK$4,845,000      HK$690,000             HK$610,000

             Notes:

             (i)      The option file was determined with reference to the terms of the Share Option Scheme and granted date and maturity dates of the options.

             (ii)     The risk-free rate was determined with reference to the yield of Hong Kong Government Bonds and Treasury Bills as extracted from Bloomberg with a
                      maturity life equal to the time to maturity of the share options at the grant date.

             (iii)    The volatility of the share options was calculated based on the historical daily stock prices of the Company.


                                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 March 2020
                                                                                                                              Share options granted to
                                                                                                                       Ms. Jiang, Mr. Yu
                                                                                                                               and Mr. Li     External consultants
             Grant date                                                                                                       15/8/2019                    15/8/2019
             Number of options granted                                                                                       32,591,000                   20,230,000
             Option life (note (i))                                                                                              3 years                      3 years
             Risk-free rate (note (ii))                                                                                             1.4%                         1.4%
             Volatility (note (iii))                                                                                             30.57%                       30.57%
             Dividend yield                                                                                                           0%                           0%
             Fair value per share option at grant date                                                                       HK$0.0760                    HK$0.0886
             Total fair value for each batch                                                                               HK$2,477,000                 HK$1,792,000

             Notes:

             (i)      The option life was determined with reference to the expiry date of the Share Option Scheme and the estimation on expected retirement date of the
                      respective individuals and probability of contract renewal with the external consultant by management.

             (ii)     The risk-free rate was determined with reference to the yield of Hong Kong Government Exchange Fund Notes with a maturity life equal to the time
                      to maturity of the share options at the grant date.

             (iii)    The volatility of the share options was calculated based on the daily stock prices of the comparables companies. The length of period approximately
                      equals to the time to maturity of the share options at the grant date.




86      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      11.2 Fair value of share options and assumptions (Continued)
             The fair value of the share options during the years ended 31 March 2021 is arrived at on the basis of a valuation carried
             out at the grant date by Roma Appraisals Limited (2020: Avista Valuation Advisory Limited). The fair value of the share
             options are subject to the limitations of the Binomial option pricing model and a number of assumptions which are
             subjective and difficult to ascertain. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value
             estimate. The weighted average fair value of share options granted during the year ended 31 March 2021 determined using
             the Binomial option pricing model was HK$0.2973 per share option (2020: HK$0.081).

             The outstanding share options as at 31 March 2021 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 2.59 years (2020:
             4.80 years).

             At 31 March 2021, the Company had 63,000,000 (2020: 62,476,000) share options outstanding under the Share Option
             Scheme, which represented approximately 4.5% (2020: 5.2%) of the Company’s shares in issue at that date. Share options
             do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholder’s meetings.

             When the share options are forfeited or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in the
             share option reserve will be transferred to retained earnings.

12. FINANCE COSTS, NET

                                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000
      Finance income
      Bank interest income                                                                                       10                   5

      Finance costs
      Interest expenses on bank borrowings                                                                       (18)               (23)
      Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                                   (233)               (225)
      Interest expenses on bonds payable                                                                         (84)                 –
      Interest expenses on brokerage service                                                                   (751)                  –
      Interest expenses on other payables                                                                      (645)                  –
      Interest expenses on promissory note                                                                     (341)                  –
                                                                                                             (2,072)               (248)
      Finance costs, net                                                                                     (2,062)               (243)




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

13. INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(CREDIT)
      The amount of taxation charged/(credited) to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
      represents:

                                                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000
      Current income tax
        — Hong Kong                                                                                            16,474                   102
                                                                                                               16,474                   102
      Deferred tax
        — Hong Kong (note 19)                                                                                      520                 (554)
      Total                                                                                                    16,994                  (452)


      Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%
      (2020: 8.25%), and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5% (2020: 16.5%). The profits of group entities is qualifying for
      the two- tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5% (2020: 16.5%). The Group is not subject to
      taxation in the Cayman Islands or the British Virgin Islands.

      The tax on the Group’s profit/(loss) before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate of
      Hong Kong as follows:

                                                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000
      Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                         217,792               (51,861)
      Tax calculated at domestic tax rates applicable to profits/(loss)
        in the respective jurisdiction                                                                         17,567                (8,554)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                   2,717                8,760
      Income not subject to taxation                                                                            (3,290)                (820)
      Tax losses not recognised                                                                                      –                1,072
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax loss                                                                –                 (725)
      Tax deduction                                                                                                  –                  (20)
      Others                                                                                                         –                 (165)
      Income tax expense/(credit)                                                                              16,994                  (452)


      For the year ended 31 March 2021, the weighted average applicable tax rate was 7.8% (2020: Nil) becomes positive because the
      Group had excessive profits for the year ended 31 March 2021.

14. DIVIDENDS
      On 18 November 2020, the Board resolved to approve an interim dividend of HK$0.0068 per ordinary share for the six months
      ended 30 September 2020. Total dividend of approximately HK$9,497,000 was paid out.

      The final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2021 of HK$0.0358 per share, amounting to a total dividend of
      approximately HK$49,999,000 was resolved by the Board to propose on 24 June 2021, which is subject to approval at the annual
      general meeting of the Company to be held on 9 September 2021. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable
      in the consolidated financial statements, but reflected as an appropriation of retained earnings for the year ended 31 March 2021.




88      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      15.1 Basic
             Basic earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company by the
             weighted average number of ordinary shares of the Company in issue during the years.

                                                                                                                                           2021                      2020
             Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company (HK$’000)                                                             200,798                    (51,409)
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                                    1,333,287,860               1,124,293,689
             Basic earnings/(loss) per share (HK cents per share)                                                                         15.06                      (4.57)


      15.2 Diluted

                                                                                                                                           2021                      2020
             Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company (HK$’000)                                                             200,798                    (51,409)
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
                basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                                               1,333,287,860               1,124,293,689
             Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares
                — Share options                                                                                                     5,685,454                             –
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
               calculating diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                                                  1,338,973,314               1,124,293,689
             Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (HK cents per share)                                                                       15.00                      (4.57)

             Notes:

             (i)      The calculation of the diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 March 2021 is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the
                      Company. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the sum of the weighted average number of the ordinary shares
                      in issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have
                      been issued on the deemed exercise of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

             (ii)     Diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 March 2020 equals to basic loss per share as the impact of share options outstanding has an anti-dilutive
                      effect on the basic loss per share amounts presented.




                                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021                          89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                           Leasehold         Office     Computer      Fitting and         Motor
                                       improvements      equipment     equipment        furniture       vehicles         Total
                                             HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000
      Year ended 31 March 2020
      Opening net book value                     566             31            46            105            363          1,111
      Acquisition through business
        combinations                            1,176           198              –             51              –         1,425
      Additions                                   928           620             18              –              –         1,566
      Written off (note 6)                       (591)         (163)             –              –              –          (754)
      Depreciation                               (517)         (120)           (29)           (52)          (206)         (924)
      Closing net book value                    1,562          566             35            104            157          2,424
      At 31 March 2020
      Cost                                      4,968           771            962           285          1,030          8,016
      Accumulated depreciation                 (3,406)         (205)          (927)         (181)          (873)        (5,592)
      Net book value                            1,562          566             35            104            157          2,424
      Year ended 31 March 2021
      Opening net book value                   1,562           566             35            104            157          2,424
      Acquisition through business
        combinations (note 37)                      –             –              9             –              –              9
      Additions                                   498           214             18            84              –            814
      Depreciation                               (514)         (178)           (21)          (69)          (157)          (939)
      Closing net book value                   1,546           602             41            119               –         2,308
      At 31 March 2021
      Cost                                      5,466           985           989            369          1,030          8,839
      Accumulated depreciation                 (3,920)         (383)         (948)          (250)        (1,030)        (6,531)
      Net book value                           1,546           602             41            119               –         2,308


      Depreciation expenses of approximately HK$939,000 (2020: HK$924,000) have been charged to the general and administrative
      expenses for the year ended 31 March 2021.




90      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                                              HK$’000
      As at 1 April 2019                                                                                                          6,700
      Additions                                                                                                                     839
      Acquisition through business combinations                                                                                   1,335
      Depreciation for the year                                                                                                  (4,210)
      As at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                                                       4,664
      Additions                                                                                                                 10,881
      Depreciation for the year (note 7)                                                                                        (5,791)
      As at 31 March 2021                                                                                                        9,754


      The Group has obtained the right to use office and staff premises through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run on an
      initial period of one to three years (2020: one to two years). Right-of-use assets amounting to HK$1,335,000 was acquired through
      business combination during the year ended 31 March 2020.

      Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets approximately HK$5,791,000 (2020: HK$4,210,000) have been charged to the general
      and administrative expenses for the year ended 31 March 2021. The total additions to right-of-use assets amounted to
      HK$10,881,000 (2020: HK$839,000) for the year ended 31 March 2021.

18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
      Intangible assets included the Securities and Futures Commission (the “SFC”) License Types 1 (dealing in securities), 4
      (advising on securities) and 6 (advising on corporate finance) and Money Lending License of the subsidiaries. The
      Group regards these licenses to have an indefinite useful life and are carried at cost less any subsequent
      accumulated impairment losses. The carrying amounts of SFC License Types 1,4 and 6 and Money Lending License
      are HK$11,748,000 (2020:HK$11,748,000) and HK$500,000 (2020: HK$500,000), respectively as at 31 March 2021.

      In respect of the licenses which were allocated to the CGUs of the SFC licensed business and money lending business
      acquired during the year ended 31 March 2020, the licenses have no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
      Group can use to generate net cash flows. The directors consider the licenses as having indefinite useful lives
      because they are expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The licenses will not be amortised until
      their useful life are determined to be finite.

      For the years ended 31 March 2021 and 2020, the Group reviewed the recoverable amounts of the licenses. No
      impairment loss has been recognised during the year.

      The recoverable amount of SFC License Types 1, 4 and 6, the intangible asset relating to the SFC licensed business
      has been determined from value-in-use calculation based on cash flow projections from budgets covering a five-
      year period. Cash flow beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth
      rate of 2.5% (2020: 2.5%).

                                                                                                             2021                 2020
      Discount rate                                                                                        20.99%               19.85%
      Operating profit margin                                                                              4%–8%                4%–8%
      Growth rate within the five-year period                                                                1.0%                 1.0%




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
      The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to the provision of financial services of licensed business. The
      operating margin and growth rate within the five-year period have been estimated based on management expectation and the
      result of the market research and prediction.

      The recoverable amounts of the Money Lending License, the intangible asset relating to the money lending business has been
      determined from value-in-use calculation based on cash flow projections from budgets covering a five-year period. Cash flow
      beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth rate of 2.5% (2020: 2.5%).

                                                                                                                 2021                 2020
      Discount rate                                                                                            20.99%               19.85%
      Operating profit margin                                                                                     83%                  83%
      Growth rate within the five-year period                                                                    1.0%                 1.0%


      The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to the money lending business. The operating profit margin
      and growth rate within the five-year period have been estimated based on management expectation and the result of the market
      research and prediction.

19. DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS
      The analysis of deferred tax assets is as follows:

                                                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000
      Deferred income tax assets:
        Recoverable after 12 months                                                                                312                  832


      The movements in deferred income tax assets during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                          Decelerated tax
                                                                                                                            depreciation
                                                                                                                                 HK$’000
      At 1 April 2019                                                                                                                   278
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (note 13)                                 554
      At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                                                                 832
      Debited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (note 13)                                 (520)
      At 31 March 2021                                                                                                                 312


      The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of HK$2,310,000 (2020: HK$2,310,000)
      as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax
      jurisdiction and entity. These tax losses have no expiry date.




92      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

20. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS

                                                                                                                                        2021                      2020
                                                                                                                                      HK$’000                   HK$’000
      Gross trade receivables (excluding margin receivables and receivables from
        financial advisory services and investment management services)                                                                27,854                     21,509
      Gross trade receivables — investment management services                                                                        130,489                          –
      Gross trade receivables — margin receivables (note (a))                                                                          33,399                      7,712
      Gross trade receivables — financial advisory services                                                                            11,336                        711
      Gross bills receivables                                                                                                               –                      1,924
                                                                                                                                      203,078                     31,856
      Less: Provision for expected credit loss (note 7)                                                                                  (756)                         –
      Trade and bills receivables, net of provision                                                                                   202,322                     31,856
      Prepaid incentive fee                                                                                                                 –                        175
      Payment in advance to suppliers                                                                                                   2,232                      3,918
      Deposits                                                                                                                          1,716                      1,955
      Prepayments                                                                                                                       1,496                        316
      Amount due from a related party (note (d))                                                                                        1,365                          –
      Other receivables and deposits (note (c))                                                                                         3,894                     43,240
      Total trade, bills and other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                                              213,025                     81,460
      Less: Non-current portion
            Long-term portion of deposits                                                                                                (1,716)                   (1,955)
                                                                                                                                      211,309                     79,505

      Notes:

      (a)      Margin receivables are secured by the client’s pledged securities with undiscounted market value of approximately HK$176,678,000 as at 31 March 2021 (2020:
               HK$17,123,000) which can be sold at the Group’s discretion to settle any margin call requirements imposed by their respective securities transactions. Trade
               receivables from margin clients are repayable on demand and bear interest at commercial rates. There is no repledge of the collateral from margin clients
               during the year ended 31 March 2021 (31 March 2020: Nil).

      (b)      ECL allowance of HK$756,000 was recognised for trade, bills and other receivables as at 31 March 2021 (2020: Nil).

      (c)      As at 31 March 2020, the balance includes cheque in transit related to the exercise of options by respective option holders under the Share Option Scheme
               and the amount had been fully settled during the year ended 31 March 2021.

      (d)      As at 31 March 2021, the amount due from a related party amounting to HK$1,365,000 is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


      The carrying amounts of trade, bills and other receivables, prepayments and deposits approximate their fair values.

      The settlement terms of trade receivables, except for secured margin clients, arising from the business of dealing in securities are
      two days after trade date. In addition, the settlement terms of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited are two days after
      trade date. For the remaining trade receivables, the Group allows an average credit period of 90 days (2020: 90 days) to its trade
      customers of other business.




                                                                                            DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021                        93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

20. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS (Continued)
      No aging analysis is disclosed for the Group’s margin clients as these margin clients were carried on an open account basis, and
      only fall due on conditions or on demand by the Group. The directors of the Company consider that an aging analysis does not
      give additional value in the view of the value of business of margin financing. At 31 March 2021 and 2020, the aging analysis of
      trade and bills receivables net ECL allowance of HK$756,000 (except margin receivables) based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000
      1 to 30 days                                                                                         147,833                5,003
      31 to 60 days                                                                                         10,687                  995
      61 to 90 days                                                                                          1,474                8,604
      Over 90 days                                                                                           8,929                9,542
                                                                                                           168,923               24,144


      The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime
      expected loss provision for trade receivables. To measure the ECL, these receivables have been grouped based on shared credit
      risk characteristics and the aging from billing. For margin receivables, the Group applied the general approach in calculating ECL
      and recognise an ECL allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date. Margin receivables have been grouped based on
      the shortfall of loan balances over the respective collateral amounts and the days past due.

      The other classes within trade, bills and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The maximum exposure to credit risk
      at the reporting date is the fair value of each class of receivables mentioned above. Other than margin receivables, the Group
      does not hold any collateral as securities on its trade and bills receivables.

      The carrying amounts of the trade, bills and other receivables, prepayments and deposits are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000
      US$                                                                                                   29,208               23,393
      HK$                                                                                                  183,556               58,066
      RMB                                                                                                      200                    1
      SG$                                                                                                       61                    –
                                                                                                           213,025               81,460




94      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

21. LOAN AND INTEREST RECEIVABLES
      Each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue
      balances are reviewed regularly by management.

      As at 31 March 2021 and 2020, all loan and interest receivables are not past due. All loan and interest receivables are matured
      within one year, based on maturity date, and denominated in HK$ and Renminbi (“RMB”).

                                                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000
      Loan receivables                                                                                         92,781                31,900
      Interest receivables                                                                                      1,858                   607
                                                                                                               94,639                32,507

      Less: Provision for ECL on loan and interest receivables — Stage 1 (note 7)                               (1,938)                (163)
      Loan and interest receivables, net of provision                                                          92,701                32,344


      Loan receivables are unsecured, interest bearing from 8%–20% (2020: 8%–20%) per annum and repayable in fixed term agreed
      with customers. Interest receivables are unsecured, interest bearing from 0%–36% (2020: 0%–36%) per annum for default interest
      and repayable in fixed term agreed with customers. The maximum exposure to credit risk at each of the reporting date is the
      carrying value of the loan and interest receivables mentioned above.

      Further analysis on credit quality of loan and interest receivables are set out in note 39.4.

                                                                                            Loan             Interest
                                                                                      receivables         receivables                Total
                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000               HK$’000
      Balance as at 1 April 2019                                                                 –                   –                    –
      New loan originated                                                                   31,900                 607               32,507
      ECL allowance under 12 month ECL (Stage 1) recognised during the year                   (160)                 (3)                (163)
      Balance at 31 March and 1 April 2020                                                  31,740                  604              32,344
      New loan originated                                                                   88,081                4,539              92,620
      Amounts recovered or repaid during the year                                          (27,200)              (3,288)            (30,488)
      Reversal of ECL allowance on loan and interest receivables                               160                    3                 163
      ECL allowance under 12 month ECL (Stage 1) recognised during the year                 (1,896)                 (42)             (1,938)
      Balance at 31 March 2021                                                              90,885               1,816               92,701


      For loans that are not credit-impaired without significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition (“Stage 1”), ECL is
      measured at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime ECL that result from default events possible within the next 12 months.
      If a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is identified (“Stage 2”) but not yet deemed to be credit impaired,
      ECL is measured based on lifetime ECL. In general, when loans receivable or its related instalments are overdue by 30 days, there
      are significant increase in credit risk.

      Directors consider that the fair values of loan and interest receivables are not materially different from their carrying amounts
      because these amounts have short maturity periods on their inception.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                                                            2021                       2020
                                                                                                                  Notes                   HK$’000                    HK$’000
      Non-current portion
      Listed securities:
      Equity securities — Hong Kong                                                                                                             260                     7,243

      Non-listed securities
      Investment fund                                                                                                (i)                  119,106                             –
      Equity investment — outside Hong Kong                                                                         (ii)                   71,204                             –
                                                                                                                                          190,570                       7,243

      Notes:

      (i)       The fair value of the unlisted investment fund is based on the net asset value of the investment fund reported to the limited partners by the general partners
                at the end of the reporting period. The fair value change is recorded in the other gains/(losses), net in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                comprehensive income.

      (ii)      It represents investment in an unlisted company related to the acquisition of 27.06% of the interest in the Carmel Reserve LLC as the non-voting class B
                membership interest. For details, please refer to note 36(a).


      The fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are at Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 of the financial value hierarchy (note 39.7).
      Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in note 39.5.

23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                                                            2021                       2020
                                                                                                                                          HK$’000                    HK$’000
      Cash at banks                                                                                                                         56,161                     50,676
      Bank balance — trust (note (a))                                                                                                       43,033                     14,706
      Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                                                                       99,194                     65,382

      Cash on hand                                                                                                                                61                        69
      Cash and cash equivalents per the consolidated statement of cash flows                                                                99,255                     65,451

      Note:

      (a)       The Group maintains segregated trust accounts with a licensed bank to hold client’s monies arising from its securities brokerage and margin financing
                business. The Group has classified the client’s monies as bank balance — trust under the current assets of the consolidated statement of financial position
                and recognised the corresponding trade payables to the respective clients on the ground that it is liable for any loss or misappropriation of client’s monies.
                The Group is restricted to use the client’s monies to settle its own obligations and could only use the client’s monies in accordance with the Hong Kong
                Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules.




96          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (Continued)
      The cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                                     2021                      2020
                                                                                                                                   HK$’000                   HK$’000
      HK$                                                                                                                             48,368                   37,117
      US$                                                                                                                             50,510                   28,196
      EUR                                                                                                                                  –                       84
      RMB                                                                                                                                 19                       54
      SG$                                                                                                                                358                        –
                                                                                                                                      99,255                   65,451


24. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                                                         Nominal
                                                                                                                              Number of                   value of
      2021                                                                                                                ordinary shares          ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                                              HK$
      Authorised share capital
      As at 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021                                                                               10,000,000,000               100,000,000
      Issued and fully paid
      As at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                                                  1,214,145,000                12,141,450
      Issuance of ordinary share under Share Option Scheme (note (a))                                                         106,976,000                 1,069,760
      Issuance of shares on 31 July 2020 (note (b))                                                                            75,500,000                   755,000
      As at 31 March 2021                                                                                                   1,396,621,000                13,966,210


                                                                                                                                                          Nominal
                                                                                                                               Number of                   value of
      2020                                                                                                                 ordinary shares          ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                                               HK$
      Authorised share capital
      As at 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020                                                                                 10,000,000,000              100,000,000
      Issued and fully paid
      As at 31 March 2019 and 1 April 2019                                                                                   1,123,800,000                11,238,000
      Issuance of ordinary share under Share Option Scheme (note (c))                                                           90,345,000                   903,450
      As at 31 March 2020                                                                                                    1,214,145,000                12,141,450

      Notes:

      (a)      During the year ended 31 March 2021, 106,976,000 shares were issued at subscription price from HK$0.425 to HK$1.00 to respective option holders (note 11)
               pursuant to their exercise of the options under the Share Option Scheme of the Company.

      (b)      On 31 July 2020, the Company has issued 75,500,000 ordinary shares at the subscription price of HK$0.8 per share by way of share subscription. The net
               proceeds, after considering the share issuance expense of HK$52,000, amounted to approximately HK$60,348,000 of which HK$755,000 was credited to the
               share capital account and approximately HK$59,593,000 was credited to share premium account.

      (c)      On 31 March 2020, 90,345,000 shares were issued at subscription price from HK$0.425 to HK$0.500 to respective option holders to their exercise of the
               options under the Share Option Scheme of the Company.




                                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021                       97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

25. RESERVES
      (a)    Share premium
             Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the funds in the share premium account of the Company are
             distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is
             proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of
             business.

      (b)    Share options reserve
             The share options reserve represents the cumulative charge to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
             comprehensive income for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the
             success of the Group’s operations.

      (c)    Share held for share award scheme
             The share award scheme adopted on 8 September 2020 (the “Share Award Scheme”) to recognise the contributions by the
             Group’s employees and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for their continual operation and
             development of the Group; and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. For details, please refer
             to note 26.

      (d)    Capital reserve
             The capital reserve represents the difference between the combined capital of group subsidiaries acquired over the
             nominal value of the share capital of the Company issued in exchange thereof.

26. SHARE AWARD SCHEME
      On 8 September 2020, a Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board of directors of the Company. Unless
      otherwise cancelled or amended, the Share Award Scheme will remain valid and effective for 10 years from the date of adoption.

      The number of shares to be award under the Share Award Scheme throughout its duration is limited to 10% of the issued share
      capital of the Company from time to time. The maximum number of shares which may be awarded to a selected participant
      under the Scheme shall not exceed one per cent (1%) of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.

      During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company has purchased 12,260,000 (2020: Nil) ordinary shares of the Company on the
      Stock Exchange. The total amount paid to acquire the shares was HK$17,255,000 (2020: Nil). No share awards have been granted
      from this Share Award Scheme as of 31 March 2021.




98      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

27. PROVISION FOR REINSTATEMENT COST, TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                                    2021                   2020
                                                                                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000
      Trade and bills payables                                                                                                       9,964                11,662
      Trade payables to securities brokerage clients (note 27.1)                                                                    34,653                14,706
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                          14,542                 2,112
      Provision for reinstatement cost                                                                                                 250                   250
      Accrued employee benefits expenses                                                                                               357                   523
      Other payables (note (b))                                                                                                      6,644                 2,951
      Amount due to clearing house                                                                                                   5,310                 2,652
      Amounts due to related parties (note (a))                                                                                      7,466                     –
                                                                                                                                    79,186                34,856
      Less: Non-current portion
      Provision for reinstatement cost                                                                                                  (250)               (250)
                                                                                                                                    78,936                34,606

      Notes:

      (a)      As at 31 March 2021, the amounts due to related parties amounting to HK$7,466,000 are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

      (b)      It mainly represents accruals of audit fee, consultancy fee, sales commission and other operating expenses.


      27.1. Trade payables to securities brokerage clients

                                                                                                                                    2021                   2020
                                                                                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000
               Trade payables from the business of dealing in securities:
               Current:
                 — Trade payables — margin clients                                                                                  26,020                   118
                 — Trade payables — cash clients                                                                                     8,633                14,588
                                                                                                                                    34,653                14,706


               The directors of the Company considered that the fair values of trade payables to margin clients are not materially
               different from their carrying amounts because these amounts have short maturity periods on their inception.

               No aging analysis of margin clients is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the aging analysis does
               not give additional value in view of the nature of this business.




                                                                                            DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021              99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

27. PROVISION FOR REINSTATEMENT COST, TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
      The carrying amounts of trade, bills and other payables approximated their fair values. The Group was granted by its suppliers
      credit periods ranging from 30–60 days. Based on the invoice dates, the ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables (excluding
      trade payables to securities brokerage clients) were as follows:

                                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000
      1 to 30 days                                                                                           5,613                  723
      31 to 60 days                                                                                            110                2,189
      61 to 90 days                                                                                            837                  976
      Over 90 days                                                                                           3,404                7,774
      Total trade and bills payables                                                                         9,964               11,662


28. PROMISSORY NOTE
      The Group has acquired 27.06% non-voting Class B membership interest in Carmel Reserve LLC. Consideration of US$3,500,000
      was settled by issuing promissory note. As at 31 March 2021, the promissory note was no interest bearing and repayable within
      one year.

      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the promissory note:

                                                                                                                                2021
                                                                                                                              HK$’000
      Total minimum payments:
      Due within one year                                                                                                       23,400
      Imputed interest on promissory note                                                                                        (1,024)
      Present value of promissory note                                                                                          22,376




100     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

29. SUBSIDIARIES
      Details of the subsidiaries held by the Company as at 31 March 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Issued and     Equity interest held
                                                                                                                    fully paid     as at 31 March
                                   Place of                                                                    share capital/
                                   incorporation and kind Country of          Principal activities and place       registered
      Name                         of legal entity        operation           of operation                             capital      2021          2020
      Directly held
      Trinity Ally Limited         British Virgin Islands,   British Virgin   Investment holding                        US$1       100%           100%
                                     limited liability         Islands
                                     company

      Best Flight Limited          British Virgin Islands,   British Virgin   Investment holding                        US$1       100%           100%
                                     limited liability         Islands
                                     company

      Everlasting Win Limited      British Virgin Islands,   British Virgin   Investment holding                        US$1       100%           100%
                                     limited liability         Islands
                                     company

      DL Alternative Investments   British Virgin Islands,   British Virgin   Investment holding                      US$100       100%                 –
        Limited (note (f))           limited liability         Islands
                                     company

      DL Asset Management          British Virgin Islands,   British Virgin   Investment holding                      US$100       100%                 –
        Limited (“DL Asset           limited liability         Islands
        Management”) (note (f))      company

      DJT Partner Limited          Cayman Islands,           Cayman           Investment holding                        US$1       100%                 –
                                     limited liability         Islands
                                     company

      Four Seasons Investment      Cayman Islands,           Cayman Islands   Investment management                 US$1,000       100%                 –
        Management Limited           limited liability
        (note (a))                   company

      DL General Partner (HK)      Hong Kong,                Hong Kong        Investment holding               HK$15,000,000       100%                 –
        Limited (note (e))           limited liability
                                     company

      Heritage Global              British Virgin Islands,   British Virgin   Investment holding                      US$100       100%                 –
        Management Limited           limited liability         Islands
                                     company

      Instant Glad Investments     British Virgin Islands,   British Virgin   Investment holding                      US$100       100%                 –
         Limited                     limited liability         Islands
                                     company

      DL Investment                United States,            United States    Investment holding                US$2,000,000       100%                 –
        Holdings US, LLC             limited liability
                                     company
                                                                                DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021               101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

29. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                                   Issued and         Equity interest held
                                                                                                                                     fully paid         as at 31 March
                                        Place of                                                                                share capital/
                                        incorporation and kind Country of                    Principal activities and place         registered
      Name                              of legal entity        operation                     of operation                               capital          2021            2020
      Indirectly held
      Seazon Pacific Limited            Hong Kong,                   Hong Kong               Sales of apparel product               HK$10,000            100%            100%
                                          limited liability                                    the provision of supply chain
                                          company                                              management total
                                                                                               solutions to customers

      Sureway ODM Limited               Hong Kong,                   Hong Kong               Sales of apparel product with          HK$10,000            100%            100%
                                          limited liability                                    the provision of supply chain
                                          company                                              management total
                                                                                               solutions to customers

      Topper Alliance Holding           Hong Kong,                   Hong Kong               Investment holding                     HK$10,000            100%            100%
        Limited                           limited liability
                                          company

      DL Securities (HK) Limited        Hong Kong,                   Hong Kong               Provision of financial advisory   HK$87,150,000             100%            100%
        (note (b))                        limited liability                                    services and securities                 (2020:
                                          company                                              brokerage business              HK$52,000,000)

      DA Finance (HK) Limited           Hong Kong,                   Hong Kong               Provision of equity pledge        HK$10,010,000             100%            100%
        (note (b))                        limited liability                                    financing services and                 (2020:
                                          company                                              money lending services             HK$10,000)

      DL Capital (HK) Limited           Hong Kong,                   Hong Kong               Asset management                    HK$5,000,000            100%                –
         (note (e))                       limited liability
                                          company

      DL Family Office Pte. Ltd         Singapore,                   Singapore               Investment management               SG$1,244,000            100%                –
        (note (a))                         limited liability
                                           company

      Shanghai Linyu Enterprise         People’s Republic of         People’s                Investment holding                 RMB3,000,000             100%                –
        Management Co., Ltd.              China,                       Republic of
        (note (c), (d) & (g))             limited liability            China
        上海林譽企業管理                          company
        有限公司*

      Notes:

      (a)       During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group acquired Four Seasons and DL Family from an external party and a substantial shareholder respectively.
                Further details of the acquisition are included in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

      (b)       During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group acquired DL Securities and DA Finance from the substantial shareholder. Further details of the acquisition
                are included in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

      (c)       The English translation of the name of the companies established in the PRC is for reference only. The official names of the companies are in Chinese.

      (d)       This entity is established in the PRC during the year ended 31 March 2021.

      (e)       This entity is incorporated in Hong Kong during the year ended 31 March 2021.

      (f)       These entities are incorporated in BVI during the year ended 31 March 2021.

      (g)       No paid up share capital as at 31 March 2021.


102         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

30. BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
      Current bank borrowings                                                                                   –               6,362


      At 31 March 2020, the bank borrowings were repayable within 1 year with the average interest rate per annum at 2.69%. The
      exposure of the bank borrowings to interest rate changes and the contractual repricing dates as at 31 March 2020 were 6 months
      or less.

      At 31 March 2020, the bank borrowings were secured by corporate guarantee given by the Company and a subsidiary.

      The carrying amounts of the bank borrowings as at 31 March 2020 were denominated in United States Dollars (“US$”) and
      approximated their fair values.

      During the year ended 31 March 2021, all the bank borrowings had been repaid.

31. LEASE LIABILITIES
      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities:

                                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
      Total minimum lease payments:
        Due within one year                                                                                 5,850               4,678
        Due in the second to fifth years                                                                    4,878                 288
                                                                                                          10,728                4,966
      Future finance charges on lease liabilities                                                           (242)                 (84)
      Present value of lease liabilities                                                                  10,486                4,882


                                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
      Present value of minimum lease payments:
        Due within one year                                                                                 5,665               4,594
        Due in the second to fifth years                                                                    4,821                 288
                                                                                                          10,486                 4,882
      Less: Portion due within one year included under current liabilities                                 (5,665)              (4,594)
      Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                                     4,821                 288


      The Group has obtained the right to use of office and staff quarter through the tenancy agreements. The leases typically run on
      an initial period of one to three years (2020: one to two years). The Group makes fixed payments during the contract period.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021     103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

31. LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)
      During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group entered into a modified contract with a lessor to revise the monthly rental. As
      the modification does not add the right to use one or more underlying assets, it is not accounted for as a separate lease.
      Accordingly, the Group remeasures the existing the lease liabilities including the lease payments for the revised monthly rental
      using a revised discount rate.

      During the year ended 31 March 2021, the total cash outflows for the leases are HK$5,827,000 (2020: HK$5,642,000).

      At 31 March 2021, the Group has entered into leases for the items listed as follows:

                                                                            Range of
      Types of right-of-use assets              Number of leases            remaining lease term                 Particulars
      Residential premise                       1 (2020: 1)                 Within 1 year                        Subject to monthly fixed payment
                                                                               (2020: Within 1 year)
      Office premises                           4 (2020: 2)                 0.58 to 2.42 years                   Subject to monthly fixed payment
                                                                               (2020: 0 to 2 years)


      The Group considered that no extension option or termination option would be exercised at the lease commencement date.

32. BONDS PAYABLE

                                                                                                                                                     2021
                                                                                                                                                   HK$’000
      Bonds carried at fixed coupon rate of 5% per annum (note)                                                                                       6,000

      Note:   The Company issued 5% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2021 with the aggregate principal amount of HK$6,000,000. The amounts
              are repayable within 84 months from the date of issue.


33. COMMITMENTS
      At the reporting date, the lease commitments for short-term leases are as follows:

                                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                                                           HK$’000                  HK$’000
      Within one year                                                                                                                –                      4


      The Group did not have any material capital commitments as at 31 March 2021 and 2020.




104     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

34. CASH FLOW INFORMATION
      (a)    Net Cash generated from/(used in) operations

                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                         Notes            HK$’000            HK$’000
             Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                              217,792                (51,861)
             Adjustments for:
             Finance costs                                                                12                  2,072                 248
             Finance income                                                               12                     (10)                (5)
             Share-based payment expense                                                  11                31,961                4,269
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 7                    939                 924
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           7                  5,791               4,210
             Dividend income                                                               6                 (1,614)               (268)
             Provision for impairment of prepaid incentive fee                             7                       –                118
             Amortisation of incentive fee                                                 7                    175                 293
             ECL of trade receivables                                                      7                    756                   –
             ECL of loan and interest receivables, net                                     7                  1,775                 163
             Net loss on deconsolidation of a subsidiary                                   6                    696                   –
             Written off of property, plant and equipment                                  6                       –                754
             Fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets at FVTPL, net                  6                (63,348)               1,171
             Gains/(losses) on sales of financial assets at FVTPL, net                    6                (14,947)              38,100
             Operating profit/(loss) before working capital changes                                       182,038                 (1,884)

             Changes in working capital:
             Trade, bills and other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                 (126,378)               12,567
             Trade, bills and other payables                                                                 51,489               16,440
             Interest receivables                                                                             (1,251)               (607)
             Loan receivables                                                                               (60,881)             (31,900)
             Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                       45,017                (5,384)




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021      105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

34. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
      (b)    Reconciliation of liabilities from financing activities:

                                                                 Amounts                                Interest-
                                                                    due to                               bearing
                                                                   related      Bonds Promissory            bank     Interest        Lease
                                                                   parties    payable       note     borrowings      payable     liabilities
                                                                 (Note 27)   (Note 32) (Note 28)       (Note 30)    (Note 12)     (Note 31)      Total
                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000
             At 1 April 2019                                            –           –           –          1,500            –         6,938      8,438
             Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings                   –           –           –         10,465            –             –     10,465
             Addition in lease liabilities                              –           –           –              –            –         2,202      2,202
             Repayment of short-term bank borrowings                    –           –           –         (5,603)           –             –     (5,603)
             Capital element of lease rentals paid                      –           –           –              –            –        (4,258)    (4,258)
             Interest element of lease rentals paid                     –           –           –              –            –          (225)      (225)
             Interest paid                                              –           –           –              –          (23)            –        (23)
             Interest arising from bank borrowings                      –           –           –              –           23             –         23
             Interest arising from lease liabilities                    –           –           –              –            –           225        225
             At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                          –           –           –          6,362           –         4,882     11,244
             Addition in lease liabilities (note (c))                   –           –           –              –           –       10,881      10,881
             Capital element of lease rentals paid (note (c))           –           –           –              –           –        (5,277)     (5,277)
             Interest element of lease rentals paid (note (c))          –           –           –              –           –          (233)       (233)
             Repayment of short-term bank borrowings                    –           –           –         (6,362)          –             –      (6,362)
             Proceeds from issuance of bonds payable                    –      6,000            –              –           –             –       6,000
             Insurance of promissory note (note (c))                    –           –     26,276               –           –             –     26,276
             Imputed interest on promissory note                        –           –         341              –           –             –         341
             Repayment of promissory note                               –           –      (3,900)             –           –             –      (3,900)
             Interest paid                                              –         (84)       (341)             –         (18)            –        (443)
             Interest arising from bonds payable                        –          84           –              –           –             –          84
             Interest arising from lease liabilities                    –           –           –              –           –           233         233
             Interest arising from bank borrowings                      –           –           –              –          18             –          18
             Increase in amounts due to related parties             7,466           –           –              –           –             –       7,466
             At 31 March 2021                                       7,466      6,000      22,376               –           –       10,486      46,328


      (c)    Non cash transactions
             For the year ended 31 March 2020, there was no significant non cash transaction except for increase in share capital and
             share premium which was recognised as other receivables as at 31 March 2020 because of cheque in transit. The balance
             were subsequently settled (note 20).

             On 30 December 2020, The Group acquired 27.06% non-voting Class B membership interest in Carmel Reserve LLC.
             Consideration of US$3,500,000 (Approximately HK$27,300,000) was settled by issuing promissory note (note 28).

             Additions of right of used asset and lease liabilities amounting to HK$10,881,000 (2020 HK$839,000) were recognised
             during the year ended 31 March 2021.




106     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

35. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      The Group did not has material contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2021 and 2020.

36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)    Details of the transactions between the Group and its related parties are summarised below.

             (i)     On 6 March 2019, Topper Alliance Holding Limited (“Topper Alliance”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                     Company (as purchaser) and Mr. Chen (as vendor), who was the substantial shareholder of the Company entered into
                     a sale and purchase agreement (the “Agreement”), pursuant to which the purchaser has agreed to acquire and the
                     vendor has agreed to sell the entire share capital of DL Securities, a company licensed by the SFC to conduct Type 1
                     (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) regulated activities
                     under the SFO and DA Finance, a company with money lender’s licence (the “Acquisition”).

                     The consideration of the Acquisition was HK$42 million and was completed on 11 November 2019. Pursuant to the
                     Agreement, Mr. Chen irrevocably warrants and guarantees to Topper Alliance that the audited profit after tax of DL
                     Securities and DA Finance will be not less than HK$6 million (the “Guaranteed Profit”) for the financial year ending
                     31 December 2020 (the “Guarantee Period”). If during the Guarantee Period, the audited profit after tax of DL
                     Securities and DA Finance is less than the Guaranteed Profit, Mr. Chen shall compensate Topper Alliance seven times
                     of the shortfall on a dollar to dollar basis within fourteen days after the delivery of the audited accounts of DL
                     Securities and DA Finance for the Guarantee Period in an amount calculated as follows: A = (Guaranteed Profit -
                     actual profit) x 7 where A is the adjustment consideration for the profit guarantee. If DL Securities and DA Finance
                     record an aggregate loss in its audited accounts for the Guarantee Period, the actual profit shall deem to be nil. If
                     the actual profit exceeds the Guaranteed Profit, no adjustment consideration will be payable to Mr. Chen by either
                     DL Securities and DA Finance or Topper Alliance.

                     Please refer to the Company’s announcements on 6 March 2019, 7 August 2019, 9 September 2019 and 11 November
                     2019 and the circular of the Company dated 16 August 2019 for more details.

             (ii)    On 5 February 2021, DL Asset Management Limited (“DL Asset Management”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                     Company, entered into an agreement pursuant to which DL Asset Management has agreed to acquire, and Mr. Chen,
                     a substantial shareholder of the target company, has agreed to sell the entire share capital of DL Family for a cash
                     consideration of SG$1.

                     DL Family is a private company incorporated in Singapore and licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore
                     (“MAS”) for commencement of asset management service business as a Registered Fund Management Company
                     (“RFMC”) in Singapore. The acquisition of DL Family was completed on 5 February 2021.

             (iii)   On 21 August 2020, DL Investment Holdings US, LLC and Carmel Reserve LLC entered into a subscription agreement.
                     The Company has acquired 27.06% of the interest in the Carmel Reserve LLC as the non-voting class B membership
                     interest at the consideration of US$5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$39,000,000). The subscription was
                     completed during the year ended 31 March 2021.

                     Please refer to the Company’s announcements on 21 August 2020 and 30 December 2020 and the circular of the
                     Company dated 20 November 2020 for more details.




                                                                            DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)    Transactions with related parties
             The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year:

                                                                                    Maximum
                                                                                       amount
                                                                                  outstanding
             Name of company                                                   during the year               2021                 2020
                                                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000
             Amount due from a related party controlled by
               Mr. Chen Ningdi and Ms. Jiang Xinrong                                       1,365              1,365                    –
             Amounts due to related parties controlled by
               Mr. Chen Ningdi and Ms. Jiang Xinrong                                            –             7,466                    –


      (c)    Key management compensation
             Key management includes directors (executive and non-executive), five highest paid individuals as disclosed in note 9 and
             note 10 and the other senior management of the Group. The compensation paid or payable to key management for
             employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                                           HK$’000              HK$’000
             Salaries, bonus and other short-term employee benefits                                           8,548                7,596
             Share-based payment expenses                                                                     7,504                2,477
             Pension costs — defined contribution plans                                                         112                   96
                                                                                                             16,164               10,169


37. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
      Subsidiaries acquired

                                                                                                   Proportion of
                                     Principal activities and                                            shares          Consideration
      2021                           place of operation                        Date of acquisition     acquired            transferred
      DL Family                      Provision of investment management        5 February 2021                 100%                 SG$1
                                       services business
      Four Seasons                   Provision of investment management        4 January 2021                  100%       HK$2,218,000
                                       services business


      DL Family and Four Seasons were acquired so as to continue the expansion of the Group’s existing financial services business to
      investment management services business.

      DL Family
      On 5 February 2021, DL Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and DL Global Holdings Limited, entered
      into the agreement pursuant to which DL Asset Management has agreed to acquire the entire share capital of DL Family for a
      cash consideration of SG$1. The Group has acquired DL Family to further expand its assets management business. It is expected
      to have a synergistic effect. The goodwill of HK$1,335,000 arising from the acquisition is attributable to synergy and economics of
      scale expected for combining the operation of the Group and DL Family.




108     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

37. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      Subsidiaries acquired (Continued)
      DL Family (Continued)
      DL Family is a private company incorporated in Singapore and licensed by the MAS for commencement of asset management
      service business as a RFMC in Singapore. The acquisition of DL Family was completed on 5 February 2021.

      Details of the aggregate fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of DL Family as at the date of the acquisition were as
      follows:

                                                                                                                                      Recognised
                                                                                                                                       values on
                                                                                                                                      acquisition
                                                                                                                                         HK$’000
      Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                                                                     9
      Trade, bills and other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                                                               57
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                               6,490
      Other payables (note (i))                                                                                                              (7,891)
      Net liabilities acquired                                                                                                               (1,335)
      Goodwill arising on acquisition:
      Cash consideration transferred                                                                                                             –*
      Fair value of identifiable net liabilities acquired                                                                                    1,335
                                                                                                                                             1,335
      Net cash inflow arising on acquisition of DL Family:
      Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                    –*
      Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                                     6,490
                                                                                                                                             6,490

      Note (i): Included in other payables, SG$1,244,000, approximately HK$7,091,000, was amount due to the Group


      *      Amount less than HK$1,000


      Four Seasons
      On 4 January 2021, the Company entered into the agreement pursuant to which the Company has agreed to acquire the entire
      share capital of Four Seasons. Bestway Billion Investment Development Limited (“Bestway Billion”), the shareholder of Four
      Seasons, has agreed to sell the entire share capital of Four Seasons for a cash consideration of approximately HK$2,218,000. The
      Group has acquired Four Seasons to further expands its asset management business. It is expected to have a synergistic effect.
      The goodwill of HK$5,950,000 arising from the acquisition is attributable to synergy and economics of scale expected from
      combining the operations of the Group and Four Seasons.

      Four Seasons is a private company incorporated in Cayman Islands and principally engaged in the business of investment
      management services. The acquisition of Four Seasons was completed on 4 January 2021.




                                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021     109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

37. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      Subsidiaries acquired (Continued)
      Four Seasons (Continued)
      Details of the aggregate fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Four Seasons as at the date of the acquisition were
      as follows:

                                                                                                                               Recognised
                                                                                                                                 values at
                                                                                                                               acquisition
                                                                                                                                  HK$’000
      Debtors, deposits and other receivables                                                                                         4,850
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                         149
      Other payables                                                                                                                 (1,656)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                           (7,075)
      Net liabilities acquired                                                                                                       (3,732)
      Goodwill arising on acquisition:
      Cash consideration transferred                                                                                                  2,218
      Fair value of identifiable net liabilities acquired                                                                             3,732
                                                                                                                                      5,950
      Net cash outflow arising on acquisition of Four Seasons
      Cash consideration paid                                                                                                        (2,218)
      Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                                149
                                                                                                                                     (2,069)


      Impact of acquisitions on the result of the Group
      Included in the profit for the year ended 31 March 2021 is profit of approximately HK$126,659,000 attributable to the additional
      business generated by Four Seasons, and loss of approximately HK$472,000 attributable to DL Family. Revenue for the year
      includes approximately HK$128,586,000 in respect of Four Seasons. No revenue was generated by DL Family.

      If the acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2020, the Group’s revenue would have been approximately HK$441,422,000 and profit
      before tax for the year would have been approximately HK$224,480,000 for the year ended 31 March 2021. This pro forma
      information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group
      that actually would have been achieved had the acquisitions been completed on 1 April 2020, nor is it intended to be a
      projection of future results.




110     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

37. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      Deconsolidation of a subsidiary
      Heritage Distress SP
      On 9 April 2020, the Group acquired the Cayman Fund and set up one segregated portfolio, Segregated Portfolio.

      In February 2021, there was a restructuring of the Cayman Fund whereby an investment manager was appointed and the day-to-
      day investment decisions, management and operation was delegated by its directors to the third party investment manager (the
      “Restructuring”). As a result of the Restructuring, the Group ceased to have control over the Cayman Fund.

      As such, the fair value of the retained interests in the Cayman Fund was reclassified as the cost on initial recognition recorded as
      financial asset at FVTPL and no longer consolidated in the financial statements of the Company as at 31 March 2021.

      The following table summarises the net assets of the Cayman Fund reclassified during the current year and the financial impacts
      are summarised as follows:

                                                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                                                                 HK$’000
      Net assets reclassified:
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                                      154,114
      Other receivables                                                                                                                155
      Cash and bank balances                                                                                                            25
      Trade payables                                                                                                              (20,016)
      Other payables and accruals                                                                                                 (11,231)
      Income tax liabilities                                                                                                        (7,281)
                                                                                                                                 115,766
      Satisfied by:
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                                      115,070
      Net loss on deconsolidation of Cayman Fund                                                                                     (696)
      Net cash outflow arising on deconsolidation of Cayman Fund:
      Cash and bank balances reclassified                                                                                             (25)


      Subsidiaries acquired

                                       Principal activities and                                    Proportion of           Consideration
      2020                             place of operation                Date of acquisition     shares acquired             transferred
      DL Securities (HK) Limited       Provision of financial advisory   11 November 2019                   100%           HK$41,780,000
        (“DL Securities”)                services and securities
                                         brokerage business

      DA Finance (HK) Limited          Provision of equity pledge        11 November 2019                   100%              HK$220,000
        (“DA Finance”)                   financing service and
                                         money lending services
                                                                                                                           HK$42,000,000


      DL Securities and DA Finance were acquired so as to continue the expansion of the Group’s financial services business.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

37. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      DL Securities
      On 6 March 2019, Topper Alliance entered into the agreement pursuant to which Topper Alliance has conditionally agreed to
      acquire, and Mr. Chen, a substantial shareholder of the Company, has conditionally agreed to sell the entire share capital of DL
      Securities for a cash consideration of approximately HK$41,780,000.

      DL Securities is licensed by the SFC to conduct Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 6 (advising
      on corporate finance) regulated activities under the SFO. In addition, DL Securities is engaged in providing service of securities
      broking, margin financing and corporate finance in Hong Kong. The acquisition of DL Securities was completed on 11 November
      2019.

      Details of the aggregate fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of DL Securities as at the date of acquisition were as
      follows:

                                                                                 Pre-acquisition                               Recognised
                                                                                        carrying           Fair value           values on
                                                                                       amounts           adjustments           acquisition
                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000
      Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                               1,425                    –                1,425
      Intangible asset — SFC license type 1, 4 and 6 (note 18)                                  –               11,748               11,748
      Right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                         1,335                    –                1,335
      Trade, bills and other receivables, prepayments and deposits                         18,000                    –               18,000
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                            13,049                    –               13,049
      Trade, accruals and other payables                                                   (2,689)                   –               (2,689)
      Lease liabilities                                                                    (1,363)                   –               (1,363)
      Net assets acquired                                                                  29,757               11,748               41,505
      Goodwill arising on acquisition:
      Cash consideration transferred                                                                                                 41,780
      Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                                                                (41,505)
                                                                                                                                        275
      Net cash outflow arising on acquisition of a subsidiary:
      Cash consideration paid                                                                                                        41,780
      Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                            (13,049)
                                                                                                                                     28,731


      DA Finance
      On 6 March 2019, Topper Alliance entered into the agreement pursuant to which Topper Alliance has conditionally agreed to
      acquire, and Mr. Chen, a substantial shareholder of the Company, has conditionally agreed to sell the entire share capital of DA
      Finance for a cash consideration of approximately HK$220,000.

      DA Finance is a private company incorporated in Hong Kong and principally engaged in the business of equity pledge financing
      and money lending. The acquisition of DA Finance was completed on 11 November 2019.




112     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

37. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      DA Finance (Continued)
      Details of the aggregate fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of DA Finance as at the date of acquisition are as
      follows:

                                                                                 Pre-acquisition                              Recognised
                                                                                        carrying          Fair value           values on
                                                                                       amounts          adjustments           acquisition
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000
      Debtors, deposits and other receivables                                               7,167                   –                7,167
      Intangible asset — Money lending license (note 18)                                        –                 500                  500
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                48                   –                   48
      Other payables                                                                       (7,593)                  –               (7,593)
      Net assets acquired                                                                    (378)                500                  122
      Goodwill arising on acquisition:
      Cash consideration transferred                                                                                                   220
      Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                                                                  (122)
                                                                                                                                        98
      Net cash outflow arising on acquisition of a subsidiary:
      Cash consideration paid                                                                                                         (220)
      Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                                48
                                                                                                                                      (172)


      The net cash outflow in relation to the acquisition was HK$28,903,000. Deposit of HK$21,000,000 was paid during the year ended
      31 March 2019. The net cash outflow during the year ended 31 March 2020 was HK$7,903,000.

      Profit guarantee
      Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Chen irrevocably warrants and guarantees to Topper Alliance that the audited profit after tax of
      DL Securities and DA Finance will be not less than the Guaranteed Profit during the Guarantee Period. If during the Guarantee
      Period, the audited profit after tax of DL Securities and DA Finance is less than the Guaranteed Profit, Mr. Chen shall compensate
      Topper Alliance seven times of the shortfall on a dollar to dollar basis within fourteen days after the delivery of the audited
      accounts of DL Securities and DA Finance for the Guarantee Period in an amount calculated as follows: A = (Guaranteed Profit —
      actual profit) x 7 where A is the adjustment consideration for the profit guarantee. If DL Securities and DA Finance record an
      aggregate loss in its audited accounts for the Guarantee Period, the actual profit shall deem to be nil. If the actual profit exceeds
      the Guaranteed Profit, no adjustment consideration will be payable to Mr. Chen by either DL Securities and DA Finance or Topper
      Alliance.

      The profit after tax for the Guarantee Period of DL Securities and DA Finance is not less than the guaranteed profit.

      Impact of acquisitions on the result of the Group
      Included in the loss for the year ended 31 March 2020 is profit of approximately HK$3,876,000 attributable to the additional
      business generated by DL Securities, and profit of approximately HK$288,000 attributable to DA Finance. Revenue for the year
      includes approximately HK$12,909,000 in respect of DL Securities and approximately HK$607,000 in respect of DA Finance.

      If the Acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2019, the Group’s revenue would have been approximately HK$262,387,000 and loss
      for the year would have been approximately HK$48,930,000 for the year ended 31 March 2020. This pro forma information is for
      illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually
      would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2019, nor is it intended to be a projection of future
      results.


                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021         113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                    Note               HK$’000           HK$’000
      ASSETS
      Non-current asset
      Right-of-use assets                                                                                 1,972                –
      Investment in subsidiaries                                                                         48,706           31,485
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                         119,106                –
                                                                                                        169,784           31,485
      Current assets
      Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                                              154,181           49,080
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                         579                –
      Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                                           795           41,829
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             917              483
                                                                                                        156,472           91,392
      Total assets                                                                                      326,256          122,877
      LIABILITIES
      Current liabilities
      Other payables and accruals                                                                         2,072            1,036
      Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                                                 41,347                –
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                        15,301                –
      Lease liabilities                                                                                   1,322                –
                                                                                                         60,042            1,036
      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                                                                     664                –
      Bonds payable                                                                                       6,000                –
                                                                                                          6,664                –
      Total liabilities                                                                                  66,706            1,036
      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company
      Share capital                                                                                       13,966          12,142
      Other reserves                                                                  a                 302,490          160,072
      Accumulated losses                                                              a                  (56,906)        (50,373)
      Total equity                                                                                      259,550          121,841
      Total equity and liabilities                                                                      326,256          122,877


      The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the board of Directors on 24 June 2021 and was signed on
      its behalf.




                               Ms. Jiang Xinrong                                           Mr. Chen Ningdi
                               Executive Director                                          Executive Director


114     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Note:

      (a)     Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                       Accumulated                     Other           Share options
                                                                                                             losses                  reserves                reserve
                                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000                 HK$’000

              As at 1 April 2019                                                                              (40,605)               100,100                    15,037
              Share options issued                                                                                  –                      –                     4,269
              Loss for the year                                                                                (9,768)                     –                         –
              Issuance of shares under Share Option Scheme (note a) (note 24(a))                                    –                 52,420                   (11,754)
              As at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                            (50,373)               152,520                     7,552
              Share options issued                                                                                  –                      –                    31,961
              Repurchase of shares (note b)                                                                         –                (17,255)                        –
              Profit for the year                                                                               2,964                      –                         –
              Issuance of shares under Share Option Scheme (note) (note 24(a))                                      –                 82,836                   (14,717)
              Issuance of shares under Share Subscription (note 24(b))                                              –                 59,593                         –
              2020 Interim dividend paid                                                                       (9,497)                     –                         –
              As at 31 March 2021                                                                            (56,906)                277,694                   24,796


              Notes:

              (a)      During the year ended 31 March 2021, 106,976,000 shares were issued at subscription price from HK$0.425 to HK$1.00 to respective option holders
                       (note 11) to their exercise of the option under the Share Option Scheme of the Company.

                       On 31 March 2020, 90,345,000 shares were issued at subscription price from HK$0.425 to HK$0.50 to respective option holders (note 11) to their
                       exercise of the option under the Share Option Scheme of the Company.

              (b)      During the year, the Company contributed approximately HK$17,255,000 at an average price of HK$1.407 per share for repurchases of 12,260,000
                       ordinary shares which are currently held under the Share Award Scheme. No share awards have been granted from this Share Award Scheme as of 31
                       March 2021.




                                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021                     115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and
      price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of
      financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

      Management regularly manages the financial risks of the Group. Because of the simplicity of the financial structure and the
      current operations of the Group, no hedging activities are undertaken by management.

      39.1 Categories of financial assets and financial liabilities
             The carrying amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position relate to the following categories of
             financial assets and financial liabilities.

                                                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000
             Financial assets as per consolidated statement of financial position
             Financial assets at amortised cost:
                — Trade, bills and other receivables                                                          209,297                75,642
                — Loan and interest receivables                                                                92,701                32,344
                — Bank balance — trust                                                                         43,033                14,706
                — Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    56,222                50,745

             Financial assets at FVTPL:
                — Listed equity securities — Hong Kong                                                            260                 7,243
                — Unlisted equity investment — outside Hong Kong                                               71,204                     –
                — Unlisted investment fund                                                                    119,106                     –
             Total                                                                                            591,823              180,680


                                                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000
             Financial liabilities as per consolidated statement of financial position
             Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
                — Trade, bills and other payables                                                              64,037                31,971
                — Bonds payable                                                                                 6,000                     –
                — Promissory note                                                                              22,376                     –
                — Bank borrowings                                                                                   –                 6,362
                — Lease liabilities                                                                            10,486                 4,882
             Total                                                                                            102,899                43,215




116     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.2 Foreign currency risk
             Transactions in foreign currencies and the Group’s risk management policies
             Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities, primarily with
             respect to the HK$, RMB and Euro dollar (“EUR”). Any changes in the exchange rates of HK$ and EUR to US$ will impact the
             Group’s operating results.

             As HK$ is pegged to US$, foreign exchange exposure on HK$ denominated transactions, assets or liabilities is considered as
             minimal. The volume of EUR and RMB denominated transactions and amounts of EUR and RMB denominated assets and
             liabilities are low, the foreign exchange risk is considered as insignificant as at 31 March 2021 and 2020. The Group
             currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging as at 31 March 2021 and 2020.

      39.3 Interest rate risk
             The Group is exposed to the cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable interest bearing assets.

             Bank deposits and bank borrowings
             The Group’s interest rate risk arises from bank deposits and bank borrowings as at 31 March 2021 and 2020 which carried
             at variable rates. Management considered that the interest rates on bank deposits and bank borrowings will not be
             changed up to 10 basis-points with all other variables held constant and the effect of such changes in interest rate on post-
             tax profit was not material to the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 and 2020.

             Margin receivables
             The Group’s interest rate risk arising from trade receivables from margin clients is mainly relating to the fluctuation of
             Hong Kong prime rate (the “prime rate”). The Group’s exposure to variable interest rates on trade receivables from margin
             clients are detailed below.

                                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000
             Assets:
             — Trade receivables from margin clients                                                             33,399             7,712


             The sensitivity analysis below have been determined based on the exposure to variable interest rates at the end of the
             reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the amounts outstanding at the end of the reporting period were
             outstanding for the whole year. A 100 (2020: 100) basis points increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk
             internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in
             interest rates.

             As at 31 March 2021, if the interest rate of trade receivable from margin clients had been 100 (2020: 100) basis point
             higher/lower, the Group’s profit/(loss) for the year would increase/decrease (2020: decrease/increase) by approximately
             HK$334,000 (2020: HK$77,000).




                                                                            DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021      117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.4 Credit risk
             Credit risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to
             the Group. The Group is exposed to credit risk from financial assets including bank balance-trust, cash and cash
             equivalents held at banks, trade, bills and other receivables, and loan and interest receivables.

             The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on recognised financial assets is limited to the carrying amount at the
             reporting date as summarised in note 39.1.

             The exposures to credit risk are monitored by the management such that any outstanding debtors are reviewed and
             followed up on an ongoing basis. The Group’s policy is to deal only with creditworthy counterparties. The management
             closely monitors all outstanding debts and reviews the collectability of the receivables periodically.

             Bank balance-trust and cash and cash equivalents held at banks
             In respect of bank balance-trust and cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties
             are reputable banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL rate of cash at bank is
             assessed to be insignificant and no provision was made as of 31 March 2021 and 2020.

             Trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables)
             The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime
             ECL provision for trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables). To measure the ECL, trade and bills receivables
             (excluding margin receivables) have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

             The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables that may potentially impact the
             credit risk and ECL of its receivables on a forward-looking basis. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and
             forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The
             Group has identified payment pattern, creditworthiness, the past collection history of each customer, the probability of
             insolvency or significant financial difficulties of the counterparty and default or significant delay in payments to be most
             relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.

             As at 31 March 2021, in respect of trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables), the Group is exposed to
             concentration of credit risk to the extent that HK$153,972,000 (2020: HK$22,518,000) of trade and bills receivables
             (excluding margin receivables) is attributable to the top 5 customers. The Group trades only with recognised and
             creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit
             verification procedures. The Group requires customers to use letters of credit to settle their balances and also enters into
             credit insurance policy for certain trade and bills receivables with a bank to mitigate the credit risk with a coverage of
             HK$5,660,000 (2020: HK$5,595,000) out of the total trade receivables balance.

             Included in the trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables) is the trade receivable from asset management
             service client amounting to approximately HK$128,697,000 (2020: HK$Nil) which constitute the majority of the balance
             and is the largest outstanding balance from a single customer as at 31 March 2021.

             On that basis, management has assessed that the ECL allowance as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 for trade
             receivables (excluding margin receivables). During the year ended 31 March 2021, ECL allowance of HK$756,000 was
             recognised (2020: Nil).

             Trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables) are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
             recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to
             engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 180
             days past due. ECL on trade and bills receivables (excluding margin receivables) are presented as net ECL within operating
             profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.


118     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.4 Credit risk (Continued)
             Margin receivables
             For the margin receivables, there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as the risk of default is low
             because significant amount are secured by pledged listed securities and counterparties have no historical default record.
             The directors expect that the general economic conditions will not be significantly changed for the 12 months after the
             reporting period. No loss allowance was made against the gross amount of the margin receivables. As at 31 March 2021,
             the carrying amounts of margin receivables amounted to approximately HK$33,399,000 (2020: HK$7,712,000) and no ECL
             (2020: nil) is recognised. All balances are categorised in Stage 1 12-month ECL with no movement from/to other stages
             during the year (2020: same). As at 31 March 2021, margin receivables were secured by the customers’ securities and cash
             collateral with undiscounted market value of approximately HK$176,678,000 (2020: HK$17,123,000).

             Loan and interest receivables
             The Group measures ECL allowance under HKFRS 9 ECL model. The measure of ECL is a function of the probability of
             default, loss given default (i.e., the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
             of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information.

             Generally, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
             accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest
             rate determined at initial recognition.

             Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial assets unless the financial assets is credit
             impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial assets.

             The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:

             t     1SPCBCJMJUZPGEFGBVMU iPD”);

             t     -PTTHJWFOEFGBVMU iLGD”); and

             t     &YQPTVSFBUEFGBVMU iEAD”).

             These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
             adjusted to reflect probability-weighted forward-looking information.




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.4 Credit risk (Continued)
             Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
             Elements of the ECL model that are considered accounting judgements and estimates include:

             t     5IF(SPVQTFTUJNBUJPOPG1%UPJOEJWJEVBMHSPVQ

             t     5IF(SPVQTDSJUFSJBGPSBTTFTTJOHJGUIFSFIBTCFFOBTJHOJGJDBOUJODSFBTFJODSFEJUSJTLBOETPBMMPXBODFTGPSGJOBODJBM
                    assets should be measured on a lifetime ECL basis and the qualitative assessment;

             t     %FWFMPQNFOUPG&$-NPEFM JODMVEJOHUIFWBSJPVTGPSNVMBTBOEUIFDIPJDFPGJOQVUTPWFSEFUFSNJOBUJPOPGUIF
                    period over which the entity is exposed to credit risk based on the behavioural life of the credit exposures, LGD and
                    collateral recovery of the credit exposures;

             t     %FUFSNJOBUJPOPGBTTPDJBUJPOTCFUXFFONBDSPFDPOPNJDTDFOBSJPTBOE FDPOPNJDJOQVUT TVDIBTEFMJORVFODZSBUJPT
                    and collateral values, and the effect on PD, EAD and LGD; and

             t     4FMFDUJPOPGGPSXBSEMPPLJOHNBDSPFDPOPNJDTDFOBSJPTBOEUIFJSQSPCBCJMJUZXFJHIUJOHT UPEFSJWFUIFFDPOPNJD
                    inputs into the ECL model.

             It has been the Group’s policy to regularly review its models in the context of actual loss experience and adjust when
             necessary.

             The Group categorises the credit quality of its loan and interest receivables according to 3 different stages under the ECL
             model:

             t     4UBHFGJOBODJBMBTTFUTXJUIPVUTJHOJGJDBOUJODSFBTFJODSFEJUSJTLTJODFJOJUJBMSFDPHOJUJPOXIFSF&$-BMMPXBODFJT
                    calculated based on 12-month ECL

             t     4UBHFGJOBODJBMBTTFUTXJUITJHOJGJDBOUJODSFBTFJODSFEJUSJTLTJODFJOJUJBMSFDPHOJUJPOXIFSF&$-BMMPXBODFJT
                    calculated based on lifetime ECL

             t     4UBHFDSFEJUJNQBJSFEBTTFUTXIFSF&$-BMMPXBODFJTDBMDVMBUFECBTFEPOMJGFUJNF&$-




120     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.4 Credit risk (Continued)
             Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
             Significant increase in credit risk
             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
             default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
             instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
             qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
             information that is available without undue cost or effort.

             In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
             significantly:

             t     TJHOJGJDBOUEFUFSJPSBUJPOJOFYUFSOBMNBSLFUJOEJDBUPSTPGDSFEJUSJTL FHBTJHOJGJDBOUEFDSFBTFJODSFEJUSBUJOHPGUIF
                    debtor;

             t     FYJTUJOHPSGPSFDBTUBEWFSTFDIBOHFTJOCVTJOFTT GJOBODJBMPSFDPOPNJDDPOEJUJPOTUIBUBSFFYQFDUFEUPDBVTFB
                    significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

             t     BOBDUVBMPSFYQFDUFETJHOJGJDBOUEFUFSJPSBUJPOJOUIFPQFSBUJOHSFTVMUTPGUIFEFCUPSBOE

             t     BOBDUVBMPSFYQFDUFETJHOJGJDBOUBEWFSTFDIBOHFJOUIFSFHVMBUPSZ FDPOPNJD PSUFDIOPMPHJDBMFOWJSPONFOUPGUIF
                    debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtors’ ability to meet its debt obligations.

             Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly
             since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
             supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

             The Group monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment requirements to assess whether there has been a
             significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If there has been a significant increase in credit risk, the Group
             will measure the ECL allowance based on lifetime rather than 12-month ECL.

             The Group collects performance and default information about its credit risk exposures and analyses all data collected
             using statistical model and estimates the remaining lifetime PD of exposures and how these are expected to change over
             time. The factors taken into account in this process include macro-economic data such as delinquency rate on residential
             mortgage and residential property price index. The Group generates a ‘base case’ scenario of the future direction of
             relevant economic variables as well as a representative range of other possible forecast scenarios. The Group then uses
             these forecasts, which are probability-weighted, to adjust its estimates of PDs.




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021           121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.4 Credit risk (Continued)
             Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
             Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
             The Group uses different criteria to determine whether credit risk has increased significantly and the Group presumes that
             the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
             than 30 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

             The Group has monitoring procedures in place to make sure that the criteria used to identify significant increases in credit
             are effective, meaning that significant increase in credit risk is identified before the exposure is defaulted or when the asset
             becomes 30 days past due. The Group performs periodic back-testing of its ratings to consider whether the drivers of credit
             risk that led to default were accurately reflected in the rating in a timely manner.

             The Group has controls and procedures in place to identify when the credit risk of an asset improves and the definition of
             significant increase in credit risk is no longer met. When this is the case the asset may move back to Stage 1 from Stage 2,
             subject to payments being up to date and the ability of the borrower to make future payments on time.

             Default and credit-impaired
             The Group considers that default has occurred when the instrument is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has
             reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate. In
             particular, the following qualitative indicators are taken into account in determining the risk of default occurring:

             t     QSPCBCMFCBOLSVQUDZFOUFSFECZUIFCPSSPXFSTBOE

             t     EFBUIPGUIFEFCUPS

             Incorporation of forward-looking information
             The Group uses forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort in its assessment of significant
             increase of credit risk as well as in its measurement of ECL.

             The Group uses internal and external information to generate a ‘base case’ scenario of future forecast of relevant economic
             variables along with a representative range of other possible forecast scenarios. The external information used includes
             economic data and forecasts published by governmental bodies.

             The Group uses multiple scenarios to model the nonlinear impact of assumptions about macroeconomic factors on ECL.
             The Group applies probabilities to the forecast scenarios identified.

             In applying the forward-looking information and probabilities to the forecast scenario identified for assessing the ECL as at
             31 March 2021, the Group has taken into account the possible impacts associated with the persistent social unrests,
             COVID-19 and the overall change in economic environment.




122     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.4 Credit risk (Continued)
             Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
             Incorporation of forward-looking information (Continued)
             The credit quality classification of loan receivables and their respective interest receivables using the Group’s ECL model is
             set out in the table below:

                                                                                                             Stage 1             Stage 1
                                                                                                       12-month ECL        12-month ECL
                                                                                                      31 March 2021       31 March 2021
                                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000
             Loan receivables                                                                                  92,781               31,900
             ECL allowance                                                                                     (1,896)                (160)
             Net loan receivables                                                                              90,885               31,740
             Interest receivables                                                                               1,858                  607
             ECL allowance                                                                                        (42)                  (3)
             Net interest receivables                                                                           1,816                  604
             Total net loan and interest receivables                                                           92,701               32,344


             The movement in the ECL allowance of loan receivables and their respective interest receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                               2021                 2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000
             Balance at 1 April                                                                                   163                    –
             Reversal of ECL allowance                                                                           (163)                   –
             ECL allowance recognised                                                                           1,938                  163
             Balance at 31 March                                                                                1,938                  163


             Sensitivity analysis
             The ECL allowance is sensitive to the inputs used in internally developed models, macroeconomic variables in the forward-
             looking forecasts, economic scenario weighting and other factors considered when applying expert judgement. Changes in
             these inputs, assumptions and judgements impact the assessment of significant increase in credit risk and the
             measurement of ECL allowance.

             The following table shows the impact on ECL allowance on loan and interest receivables as at 31 March 2021 by changing
             individual input.

                                                                                                  Impact on ECL allowance on loan
             Change in input on ECL model                                                         and interest receivables

             — Assuming a further 10% weighting added to the probability of the optimistic — Decrease by HK$194,000
                 scenario and a corresponding 10% weighting reduction in the base scenario    (2020: HK$14,000)

             — Assuming a further 10% weighting added to the probability of the pessimistic — Increase by HK$194,000
                 scenario and a corresponding 10% weighting reduction in the base scenario      (2020: HK$14,000)




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021        123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.4 Credit risk (Continued)
             Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
             Concentration on credit risk
             There are fourteen (2020: six) customers as at 31 March 2021 with loan and interest receivables. Four (2020: five) of them
             are individually accounted for more than 10% of loan receivables. They are aggregately accounted for 72.4% (2020: 95.6%)
             of loan receivables.

             Other financial assets at amortised cost
             Other financial assets at amortised cost include other receivables, amount due from a related party and deposits. In order
             to minimise the credit risk, the management makes periodic collective and individual assessment on their recoverability
             based on historical settlement records, past experience and available forward-looking information. Other monitoring
             procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In these regards, the credit risk
             of other receivables, amount due from a related party and deposits are considered to be low.

             Besides, the management is of opinion that there is no significant increase in credit risk on these other receivables,
             amount due from a related party and deposits since initial recognition as the risk of default is low after considering the
             factors as set out in note 2.8 and, thus, no ECL recognised for these other receivables, amount due from a related party
             and deposit as at 31 March 2021 and 2020.

      39.5 Price risk
             The Group is exposed to equity price risk mainly arising from investments held by the Group that are classified in the
             consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets at FVTPL (note 22).

             To manage its price risk arising from investment in equity securities, the Group closely monitors the financial performance
             of each investee company.

             The Group’s Level 1 equity investments are publicly traded in the Stock Exchange.

             At 31 March 2021, if the equity securities prices increase/decrease by 5% with all other variables held constant, the Group’s
             loss before tax for the year will be HK$13,000 higher/lower (2020: loss before tax for the year will be HK$362,000 lower/
             higher) as a result of gains/losses on equity securities classified as financial assets at FVTPL.

      39.6 Liquidity risk
             Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with its financial
             liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade, bills and other payables, lease liabilities,
             bonds payable, promissory note and bank borrowings, and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s
             objective is to maintain an appropriate level of liquid assets and committed funding to meet its liquidity requirements in
             its short and longer-term. The directors of the Company is satisfied that the Group will be able to meet in full its financial
             obligations as and when they fall due in the foreseeable future.

             The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of recognised financial liabilities as summarised in note 39.1,
             and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s policy is to maintain an appropriate level of liquid assets to
             meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.




124     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.6 Liquidity risk (Continued)
             The maturity analysis of the Group’s financial liabilities is as follows:

                                                     Less than
                                                     1 year or                                                             Total
                                                    repayable                                            More than undiscounted         Carrying
                                                   on demand          1–2 years          3–5 years          5 year     cash flow        amount
                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000
             As at 31 March 2021
             Trade, bills and other payables            64,093                –                 –                –         64,093         64,093
             Lease liabilities                           5,850            4,878                 –                –         10,728         10,486
             Promissory note                            23,400                –                 –                –         23,400         22,376
             Bonds payable                                 383              300               901            6,519          8,103          6,000
                                                        93,726            5,178               901            6,519        106,324        102,955
             As at 31 March 2020
             Trade, bills and other payables             31,971               –                 –                –         31,971         31,971
             Bank borrowings                              6,362               –                 –                –          6,362          6,362
             Lease liabilities                            4,678             288                 –                –          4,966          4,882
                                                         43,011             288                 –                –         43,299         43,215


      39.7 Fair value hierarchy
             The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value for the years ended 31 March 2021 and
             2020 by level of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels
             within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

             t     2VPUFEQSJDFT VOBEKVTUFE JOBDUJWFNBSLFUTGPSJEFOUJDBMBTTFUTPSMJBCJMJUJFT -FWFM 

             t     *OQVUTPUIFSUIBORVPUFEQSJDFTJODMVEFEXJUIJO-FWFMUIBUBSFPCTFSWBCMFGPSUIFBTTFUPSMJBCJMJUZ FJUIFSEJSFDUMZ JF
                    as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices, and not using significant unobservable inputs (Level 2).

             t     *OQVUTGPSUIFBTTFUPSMJBCJMJUZUIBUBSFOPUCBTFEPOPCTFSWBCMFNBSLFUEBUB VOPCTFSWBCMFJOQVUT  -FWFM 

                                                                                                Level 1               Level 2            Level 3
                                                                                               HK$’000               HK$’000            HK$’000
             As at 31 March 2021
             Financial assets at FVTPL
                — Listed equity securities                                                            260                  –                  –
                — Unlisted equity investment                                                            –                  –             71,204
                — Unlisted investment fund                                                              –            119,106                  –
             As at 31 March 2020
             Financial assets at FVTPL
                — Listed equity securities                                                           7,243                 –                   –




                                                                              DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021            125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.7 Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
             There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended 31 March 2021 and 2020.

             The carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets and liabilities including bank balance-trust, cash and cash
             equivalents, trade, bills and other receivables and deposits, loan and interest receivables, trade, bills and other payables,
             lease liabilities and bank borrowings approximate their fair values due to their short maturities or the impact of
             discounting is not significant.

             (a)    Valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and inputs used in fair value measurements
                    Level 1 fair value measurements
                    Fair value of financial instruments under level 1 fair value measurement is based on quoted prices (unadjusted)
                    reflected in active markets.

                    The fair value of the listed equity securities is based on quoted market prices at the end of reporting period.

                    Level 2 fair value measurements
                    As at 31 March 2021, the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL under level 2 fair value measurements is investment fund,
                    and its fair value measurement was determined as follows:

                    For unlisted investment fund of HK$119,106,000 (2020:Nil), fair value is determined based on the net asset values as
                    published by the fund managers.

                    Level 3 fair value measurements
                    In determining fair value, specific valuation techniques (asset-based approach) are used with reference to significant
                    inputs such as property under development’s market value, loan from other parties and long term loan included in
                    the unlisted equity investment. Loan from other parties and long-term loan are measured at amortised cost. The
                    main input used by the Group in measuring the fair value of the unlisted equity investment is derived and evaluated
                    as follows:

                    —      Market value of property under development: this is valued at 31 March 2021 by independent and
                           professional qualified valuer based on residual method as follow:

                           Valuation technique of property
                           under development included in                                              Relationship of significant
                           the unlisted equity investment  Significant unobservable inputs            unobservable inputs to fair value
                           Residual method                      Market price of finished lot,         The higher/lower the market price,
                                                                ranging from US Dollar 925,000        the higher/lower the fair value
                                                                per lot to US Dollar 3,850,000 per
                                                                lot, and adjusted taking into
                                                                account of time and locations to
                                                                the underlying assets of the
                                                                invested company (2020: N/A)




126     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2021

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      39.7 Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
             (a)    Valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and inputs used in fair value measurements
                    (Continued)
                    Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)
                    The reconciliations of the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments classified within Level 3 fair value
                    measurements are as follows:

                                                                                                                                Level 3
                    Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                  HK$’000
                    As at 1 April 2020                                                                                               –
                    Addition                                                                                                    37,635
                    Fair value gain                                                                                             33,569
                    As at 31 March 2021                                                                                         71,204


                    There has been no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year ended 31 March 2021 (2020: N/A).

40. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
      The Group’s capital management objectives are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to
      provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost
      of capital and to support the Group’s stability and growth.

      The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure, taking into consideration the future capital
      requirements of the Group, to ensure optimal shareholder returns.

      For capital management purpose, the directors of the Company regard the total equity presented on the consolidated statement
      of financial position as capital.

      The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements except for a subsidiary engaged in securities broking
      services, placing and underwriting services, investment advisory services and asset management services which are regulated
      entities under the SFC and subject to the respective minimum capital requirements. The subsidiaries monitor the liquid capital
      on a daily basis to ensure fulfilment of the minimum and notification level of the liquid capital requirements under the SFO.

41. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
      Certain comparative figures in these consolidated financial statements were reclassified to confirm the current year’s
      presentation.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021        127
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

A summary of the results and of the assets, equity and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is as follows.

                                                                                               Year ended 31 March
RESULTS                                                                2021                2020            2019        2018          2017
                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000
Revenue                                                               426,551            226,391          186,519    279,382       206,219
Profit/(Loss) before income tax expense                               217,792            (51,861)          18,987     20,706        30,501
Income tax (expense)/credit                                            (16,994)              452             (305)    (5,018)       (5,358)
Profit/(Loss) for the year                                            200,798            (51,409)          18,682     15,688        25,143


                                                                                                    As at 31 March
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                                 2021                2020               2019     2018          2017
                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000   HK$’000       HK$’000
Current assets                                                        403,375            181,375          119,914    110,854        84,877
Non-current assets                                                    224,566             29,739           60,542      4,841         6,032
Total assets                                                          627,941            211,114          180,456    115,695        90,909
Current liabilities                                                   116,313             45,562            9,384     33,042        29,287
Non-current liabilities                                                11,071                538              250        250           250
Total liabilities                                                     127,384             46,100            9,634     33,292        29,537
Net assets                                                            500,557            165,014          170,822     82,403        61,372
EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the Group                            500,557            165,014          170,822     82,403        61,372

Note:

The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.




128      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2020/2021
