CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                       2
Chairman’s Statement                                        3
Management Discussion and Analysis                          6
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management    19
Corporate Governance Report                                23
Report of the Directors                                    33
Independent Auditor’s Report                               46
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
  Other Comprehensive Income                               57
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position               58
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                59
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                       60
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements             61
Financial Highlights                                      150
CORPORATE INFORMATION


REGISTERED OFFICE                                             REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive                                Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)
P.O. Box 2681                                                 Mr. Chen Ningdi
Grand Cayman                                                  Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
KY1-1111                                                        (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Cayman Islands                                                Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)

HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                            NOMINATION COMMITTEE
  BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                                       Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman)
Unit 2902, Vertical Square                                    Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
28 Heung Yip Road                                             Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
Wong Chuk Hang                                                  (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Hong Kong                                                     Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)

COMPANY’S WEBSITE                                             PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
https://www.dlglobalholdings.com
                                                                OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS
                                                              Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                           Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman and Chief executive officer)
                                                              P.O. Box 2681
Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay
                                                              Grand Cayman
Mr. Ai Kuiyu
                                                              KY1-1111
Ms. He Zhiying (appointed with effect from 28 April 2023)
                                                              Cayman Islands

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. Jiang Xinrong (resigned with effect from 28 April 2023)   HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Chan Kwan                                                   TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                       Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
Mr. Wang Yiding                                               Room 2103B, 21/F, 148 Electric Road
  (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)               North Point
                                                              Hong Kong
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                        PRINCIPAL BANKER
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien                                           Bank of Communications (Hong Kong) Limited
  (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)            20 Pedder Street, Central
Mr. Liu Chun                                                  Hong Kong
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao
  (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)
                                                              AUDITOR
                                                              Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
COMPANY SECRETARY                                             11th Floor
Ms. Chin Ying Ying, CPA
                                                              Lee Garden Two
                                                              28 Yun Ping Road
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                    Causeway Bay
Mr. Chen Ningdi
                                                              Hong Kong
Ms. Chin Ying Ying

                                                              STOCK CODE
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                              1709
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
  (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Mr. Liu Chun
2      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of DL Holdings Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively as the “Group”), I am please to announce that the Group had achieved a turnaround from loss to profit in 2023/2024,
with a total revenue of over HK$200 million and net profit of HK$99.9 million. In addition, the Group will also distribute dividends
of HK$30.06 million for the year 2023/2024, marking the third consecutive year of dividend payment. Coupled with an increase
of approximately 80% in the Group’s market value over the past three years, this has created remarkable returns for shareholders.

As a public company, we shouldered great responsibility and are accountable to our shareholders, and each performance report
represented a reflection on the Group’s continued efforts in achieving breakthroughs in its business development.

In recent years, I have never stopped exploring the growth path of the Group. In view of the current development, I believe that
the most important trends exist in two dimensions: technology, and the world pattern. By clarifying the current situation and
based on my judgments of the development patterns of things, I predict future trends and choose the right time for investment.
My wife, the co-founder of the Group, often says, “Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land among the stars.” Today,
the Group’s path to success is clear: to build the largest asset management platform in the Asia-Pacific region, with a focus
on global asset allocation.

In the journey to build this far-reaching and extraordinary global asset management platform, all our people have gradually
built and refined our own corporate culture and path of transcendence over the past 14 years. The Group shall tap into the
prevailing trend to embark on a long journey following the “five essential factors” as specified in Sun Tzu’s “The Art of
War”, namely “tenet, weather, location, leaders, and discipline”.

Tenet, or Tao, serves as the cornerstone of our faith and reflects our adherence to a long-term approach in serving our
customers. It’s not just for one year, three years, or ten years, but for a century long, we ensure that our customers’ wealth, wisdom
and legacy can be passed down. We stick to our principles in the face of short-term profits and temptations, remain unswerving
despite the economic fluctuations, and move steadily forward at our established pace.

Reversion is the action of Tao, gentleness is the function of Tao. The principle of “things go into reverse when reaching their
extremes” has been integrated into our long-termism philosophy. As an interpretation, for example, the real strong often appear
as the weak, learn with a low profile, and overcome difficulties encountered with consistent efforts. After a goal is achieved, they
continue to uphold the same principle and remain humble to meet new challenges.

Weather refers to right timing, which means to do the right things at the right time and work patiently before the
opportunity arises. From 2013 to 2015, as Renminbi showed a trend of appreciation, the economy was booming and the stock
market reached new highs, clients were less interested in overseas asset allocation, and therefore we developed with perseverance.
In 2018, due to market adjustments, clients preferred prominent international private banks and investment banks for asset
management and investment, and we strived to move forward despite facing such pressure. In the flourishing market during the
pandemic from 2020 to 2021, various family office and asset management providers emerged, many stocks and bonds delivered
excellent performance, yet we still waited for our opportunities. Now that the market downturn has lasted for a long time, our
accumulation has finally been rewarded with opportunities.

Location refers to geographical advantage, which is reflected in our strategy of a global layout. Since 2017, the Group
started its investment in the United States by launching ONE Carmel, a premium residential project located in Carmel Valley near
Silicon Valley and Pebble Beach, thereby gradually penetrating the top high-tech district. Since 2019, the Group has established
a presence in Singapore and Tokyo to further seize the favourable opportunities in these major core financial centers in Asia. In
the future, we expect to expand our footprint to Europe, Dubai, New York and Cayman, and leverage on geographical advantages
to provide customers with international and localized global asset allocation services.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Leaders also refer to talents. The Group attaches great importance to internal cultivation, and establishes deep trust and
cohesion among team members. Our employees have served the Group for a period ranging from 6 years to 17 years. Our team
also comprises members from the United States, Canada, Taiwan (China), South Korea, Singapore, Australia and Malaysia, making
it a diversified and professional team, and together they form a unique talent pool of our Group.

Discipline refers to regulation and organisation, as well as the system to ensure efficient operation of the Group. In the
start-up stage, we focused on cost control. As the Group grows, we continue to optimise the management structure and clarify
responsibilities, so as to ensure that every decision can be made and executed by the most appropriate person, thereby supporting
the long-term development of the Group with an optimal management system.

In general, “tenet, weather, location, leaders, and discipline” of the Group are not only modern interpretations of “The Art of
War”, but also the strategic guidance for us to cope with the complex business environment and achieve sustainable development.

As the primary business of the Group, our family office services focus on wealth planning and inheritance for ultra-high net worth
families and have accumulated assets under management of approximately USD3 billion, demonstrating its resilience and stability.
However, the expansion of traditional family office business is limited by its depth and the nature of personalised services, which
require a deep understanding of distinctive demands of each client and long-term companionship. This undoubtedly places high
demands on the professional competency and breadth of the team and mutual trust with clients.

Nevertheless, the wide application of artificial intelligence may break through such limitation.

It took more than two decades from the invention of personal computers to the large-scale application of mobile Internet. The
Internet revolution has changed approximately 1% of the world’s advertising business pattern and 1% of the world’s merchandise
sales pattern. At present, artificial intelligence (AI) has just emerged, and in 10 years, Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) is expected
to be one to ten times smarter than humans. Furthermore, Artificial super-intelligence (ASI), the upgraded AGI, is expected to be
100 times or even 10,000 times smarter than humans in 20 years. It is conceivable how powerful AI is as compared to Internet,
which merely changed 2% of the world’s pattern.

With the evolution of technology, AI has removed 99% of the instinctive thinking and emotional impulses from the human brain,
leaving only 1% of rationality, and further reinforcing it. When making investment-related decisions, the use of AI can avoid
mistakes that are typically unavoidable for human brain due to instinct and emotion, as it replaces subjective human judgments
with advanced mathematical calculations and models to overcome human frailties such as greed, fear and fluke mind.

The Group is striving to embrace the new era of AI. At the conference where the Group released its encouraging annual results,
we also announced the progress of our AI family office, which was appreciated by the participants. I have been considering, is
our goal simply to achieve performance growth or market value appreciation, just like in the past? Or are we just content to be
a pioneer in establishing an AI family office in Asia, and complacent about answering investor questions with digital avatars?

Even Homer sometimes nods, while AI may achieve extraordinary success as it never stop learning and thinking, there is still a long
way to go before AI fully surpass human beings, which is full of uncertainties and challenges. Just like Internet, which took two
decades to become widely accessible and ready for use since its debut in 1995. The Group has now planted a seed of technology
that nurtures the infinite possibilities for the future. Everyone has the potential to be a witness to history, an explorer of the
unknown, or a promoter of the application of technology, shedding light on the well-being of human being. In the vast future of the
Intelligent Era, the Group is committed to achieving its ambitions with unprecedented determination, courage and relentless efforts.




4       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders, investors and friends, “Delivering Legacy” has always served as our firm belief and motto, and “time waits for
no man, every minute counts” embodies our attitude and goal to embrace the era of AI technology.

“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land among the stars.” It is the Group’s aspiration to shine like a star, together
with all our people.

                                                                                    DL Holdings Group Limited
                                                                                           Mr. Chen Ningdi
                                                                        Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 26 June 2024




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW
During the year ended 31 March 2024 (the “Reporting Period”), despite the uncertainties cast on the global economic prospect,
the Group continued to expand its financial services of licensed business, including, financial advisory services; securities research
services; securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; investment management and advisory
services and insurance brokerage services to customers, and money lending services (the “Financial Services Businesses”). During
the Reporting Period, the Group acquired the remaining 55% interests in DL Family Office (HK) Limited (“DL Family Office HK”)
to further expand its Financial Services Businesses.

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded an increase in revenue by approximately 5.9% from approximately HK$191.1
million for the year ended 31 March 2023 to approximately HK$202.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2024. The Group
recorded an increase in gross profit of approximately 27.1% from approximately HK$102.6 million for the year ended 31 March
2023 to approximately HK$130.5 million for the year ended 31 March 2024. The Group recorded a total comprehensive income
attributable to the owners of the Company of approximately HK$99.8 million for the year ended 31 March 2024, as compared to
a total comprehensive expense of approximately HK$49.5 million for the year ended 31 March 2023.


Provision of financial services of licensed business
The financial services provided by the licensed business of the Group include financial advisory services; securities research services;
securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; investment management and advisory
services; and insurance brokerage services to customers.

The financial advisory services provided by the Group include advising clients on corporate finance. During the Reporting Period,
the Group provided financial advisory services to its clients from different industry sectors, including communications, industrial,
consumer, technology and financial sectors, including, but not limited to companies listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

The securities research services include conducting research by the in-house analysts of the Group and producing research reports
for clients of our securities trading and brokerage and margin financing services.

The securities trading and brokerage services include trading securities on behalf of clients.

The margin financing business includes provision of stock-secured financing for retail, corporate and high-net-worth clients who
need financing to purchase securities. As at 31 March 2024, the loan receivables from margin financing services amounted to
approximately HK$82.2 million (31 March 2023: approximately HK$102.9 million).

The referral services include (a) advising, sourcing and referring investment targets and/or investors to institutional funds; (b)
connecting projects with clients and buyers with clients; and (c) coordinating, advising on and executing fundraising projects. During
the Reporting Period, the Group mainly provided referral services to financial, biotechnology and manufacturing sector clients.

The investment management services include managing the investment portfolio and asset allocation of offshore funds. In the year
2021, the Group acquired a licensed entity in the Cayman Islands and a licensed entity in Singapore and commenced the provision
of investment management services in the Cayman Islands and Singapore. During the Reporting Period, the Group acquired the
remaining 55% interest in DL Family Office HK, a licensed entity to carry out type 4 and type 9 regulated activities by the Securities
and Futures Commission, to further expand its investment management services in Hong Kong. The investment advisory services
include providing securities advisory services to clients. During the Reporting Period, the service fees charged by the Group for
managing the assets under investment management amounted to approximately HK$58.1 million (for the year ended 31 March
2023: approximately HK$18.7 million).




6      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The insurance brokerage service includes sourcing insurance policies for clients and advocating on clients’ behalf to liaise with
insurance companies. In 2022, the Group acquired DL Emerald Wealth Management Limited, a licensed insurance intermediary,
and commenced the provision of insurance brokerage services to high-net-worth individuals. During the Reporting Period, the
services fee charged by the Group for provision of insurance brokerage services amounted to approximately HK$14.31 million (for
the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately HK$7.5 million).

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for provision of financial services of licensed business was approximately
HK$151.0 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately HK$136.9 million) and segment profit was approximately
HK$19.5 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately HK$22.6 million).

The increase in segment revenue was mainly attributable to the increase in management and performance fees from the provision
of financial advisory services and investment management services during the Reporting Period. The decrease in segment profit
during the Reporting Period was mainly due to the decrease in segment profit contributed from corporate finance and financial
advisory services which have a higher profit margin.


Provision of family office services business
The family office services include provision of family office services, investment advisory, assets management services and referral
services provided to ultra-high net worth families. During the Reporting Period, the Group acquired the remaining 55% interest
in DL Family Office HK and commenced the provision of family office services business.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for the provision of family office services were approximately HK$16.2 million
(for the year ended 31 March 2023: Nil) and segment loss was approximately HK$16,000 (for the year ended 31 March 2023: Nil).
The segment revenue was mainly contributed by DL Family Office HK after completion of the acquisition of the remaining 55%
interest. The segment loss was mainly attributable to the amortisation of intangible assets of approximately HK$3.2 million
recognised after the completion of the acquisition.


Provision of money lending services
The Group’s money lending business mainly targets customers who wish to obtain trade financing.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for provision of money lending services was approximately HK$14.1 million
(for the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately HK$16.7 million) and segment loss was approximately HK$0.3 million (for the
year ended 31 March 2023: segment profit of approximately HK$12.0 million). The decrease in segment revenue was attributable
to a decrease in loan and interest receivables from money lending services, resulting in a decrease in interest received or accrued.
The segment loss was attributable to the increase in the provision for expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance on loan and interest
receivables from approximately HK$2.3 million as at 31 March 2023 to approximately HK$7.2 million as at 31 March 2024.

During the Reporting Period, the Group granted loans to 26 (31 March 2023: 21) customers, which are mainly individual customers in
seek of funding for investment and general working capital purpose. As at 31 March 2024, the Group had a customer concentration
risk as 12.0% (31 March 2023: approximately 11.8%) and 41.6% (31 March 2023: approximately 43.7%) of total loans to customers
(net of allowance) were made up by the Company’s largest loan customer’s and the five largest loans customers’ outstanding
balances respectively. As at 31 March 2024, all loan and interest receivables based on the maturity date, are within one year.

As at 31 March 2024, loan receivables of the Group bore interest from 8.0% – 15.0% (31 March 2023: 8.0% – 15.0%) per annum
and repayable in fixed terms agreed with customers. As at 31 March 2024, interest receivables bore interest from 8.0% – 36.0% (31
March 2023: 8.0% – 36.0%) per annum for default interest and repayable in fixed terms agreed with customers.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As required under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard 9 Financial Instruments, the Group performed impairment assessment
under ECL model on loan and interest receivables as at 31 March 2024. Key inputs used for measuring the ECL are the probability
of default, the magnitude of the loss if there is default and the exposure of the Group at default.

During the Reporting Period, provision of approximately HK$7.2 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately HK$2.3
million) was recognized in respect of the ECL for the loan and interests receivables. The increase in the provision for ECL was
mainly due to the increase in expected credit losses. For the Reporting Period, provisions for ECL on loan and interest receivables of
approximately HK$6.1 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately HK$0.6 million) were recognized in the Company’s
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

The Group manages its credit risk by adoption of conservative credit risk assessment policy. A series of credit assessment procedures,
such as identity checks, financial position assessment and public searches, were performed by the Group before each loan was
approved and advanced to the borrowing customers. In credit assessment, the Company will take into consideration factors including
but not limited to the borrower’s financial soundness, internal and external credit checking results, and, where applicable, the
availability of any guarantee, collateral and/or other forms of security.

Subsequent to the drawdown, the Group will regularly review and update the information obtained during the credit assessment
procedures. The Group also actively reviews and monitors the loan repayment status to ensure all the interests and principal
payments are punctual and the past due amounts, if any, are closely followed up.

The credit policy is reviewed and revised on a regular basis to incorporate changes in the prevailing market and economic conditions,
legal and regulatory requirements, and other factors the Directors consider as important.


OUTSTANDING LOAN RECEIVABLES AS AT 31 MARCH 2024 AND THE MAJOR TERMS OF THE
LOANS
As at 31 March 2024, the total outstanding loan receivables was approximately HK$129.6 million (2023: HK$174.1 million) which
was granted to 26 (2023: 21) borrowers, of which approximately 61.5% (2023: 70.6%) of the borrowers are individuals and 38.5%
(2023: 29.4%) of the borrowers are corporate borrowers from various sectors including, but not limited to, media, investment,
finance, consulting, etc.. Loan receivables from the five largest borrowers amounted to approximately HK$54.3 million (2023:
HK$77.0 million) or 41.9% (2023: 44.2%) of the total outstanding loan receivables as at 31 March 2024. The weighted maturity
profile is approximately 3.78 months (2023: 4.11 months). As at 31 March 2024, the loan receivables bore interest from 8.0% to
15.0% (2023: 8.0% to 15.0%) per annum and repayable in fixed terms agreed between the parties. The secured loans, representing
approximately 5.8% (2023: 4.7%) of the total outstanding loan receivables, were secured by interests in a limited partnership fund
and senior note issued by a listed company in Hong Kong.




8      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


AGEING ANALYSIS OF THE OUTSTANDING LOANS
As at 31 March 2024, the weighted ageing of the outstanding loan receivables based on initial loan commencement date as set
out in the relevant contracts was approximately 8.22 months (2023: 7.89 months).

The ageing analysis of loan receivables based on initial loan commencement date as set out in the relevant contracts is as follows:

                                                                                                     As at                  As at
                                                                                            31 March 2024          31 March 2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000                HK$’000

Within 1 month                                                                                             –                 21,200
1 to 6 months                                                                                         5,500                       –
7 to 9 months                                                                                             –                  68,434
10 to 12 months                                                                                    124,059                   84,420
Total                                                                                              129,559                 174,054


The ageing analysis of loan receivables based on the maturity dates as set out in the relevant contracts is as follows:

                                                                                                     As at                  As at
                                                                                            31 March 2024          31 March 2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000                HK$’000

Not due yet                                                                                        128,359                 174,054
Overdue                                                                                              1,200                       –
Total                                                                                              129,559                 174,054


Sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions to customers
The sales of apparel products business includes selling apparels and sourcing suppliers and third-party manufacturers to produce
apparels that meet the requirements of the customers of the Group (“Sale of Apparel Products Business”) and the supply chain
management total solutions business (together with the Sale of Apparel Products Business, the “Apparel Business”) include
market trend analysis, design and product development, sourcing, production management, quality control and logistics services.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to explore business opportunities with e-commerce customers and Direct to
Consumer (D to C) model brands by selling apparels products to them and arranging the delivery of goods from factory to customer
distribution centers of clients or from factory directly to final customers of clients.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for the Apparel Business decreased to approximately HK$4.8 million from
approximately HK$22.3 million for the year ended 31 March 2023, representing a decrease of approximately 78.5%. Segment loss
for the Reporting Period decreased to approximately HK$5.4 million from approximately HK$11.9 million for the year ended 31
March 2023. The Apparel Business continued to suffer from challenges in the global business environment, fierce competition,
and international trade conflicts.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Provision of enterprise solutions services
The enterprise solutions services include provision of global identity planning and wealth inheritance consultancy services, and
other business consultancy services provided to high net worth clients. During the Reporting Period, the enterprise solutions
services business contributed segment revenue of approximately HK$16.3 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately
HK$15.3 million) and segment profit of approximately HK$33.9 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately HK$2.5
million). The increase in the segment revenue and segment profit was attributable to the increase in the demand for global identity
planning and wealth inheritance consultancy services, and other business consultancy services provided to high-net-worth clients
and the net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL of approximately HK$22 million.


PROSPECTS
Future outlook
In view of the uncertainties and fluctuations in the global and local economies faced by the Group, the Directors expect that the
overall business environment the Group operates in will remain challenging, particularly pursuant to the continuing effect of the
high interest rate environment.

In particular, global economy uncertainty and international conflict had been imposing pressure to the general prospects of apparel
industry and overall trading environment. In face of such pressure, the Group adopted a conservative strategy in the Apparel
Business with the view to lower the risk exposure of the Group amid such turbulent market situation. Nonetheless, the adverse
impact on the business environment persisted throughout the Reporting Period and despite the cost control measures taken by
the Group and the new clientele developed in the United States, the Group continued to record gross loss position for the Apparel
Business segment in the past three years. Whilst the Group continues to assess its sales strategy for the Apparel Business having
taking into account the demand for apparel products globally and the profit margin of the business segment following cost-benefit
analysis of the Group, the Group will from time to time reassess the Group’s strategy in allocating of its resources between the
business units so as to ensure the interests of the Company and its shareholders are preserved.

On the other hand, in respect of the Financial Services Businesses, the Group continued to expand in the business segment and it
was a major contributing factor to the gross profit recorded by the Group. In view of the positive development and organic growth
of its Financial Services Business, as part of the forward-looking strategy, the Group aims to be a prominent asset management
and financial services platform, with a core focus on family office in the Asia-Pacific region. Our developing strategy for the coming
fiscal year is as below:

1.    Based on the wealth management platform operated by DL Family Office HK, DL Emerald Wealth Management Limited
      and DL Advisory Services Limited, we will continue to provide personalized wealth management and succession services
      throughout the entire life cycle for ultra-high net worth families.

2.    DL Securities (HK) Limited (“DLS”) will continue to serve our increasing key corporate clients and expand its investor base
      for capital market activities.

3.    DL Digital Family Office (HK) Limited (“DLDFO”) and DLS have developed a standardized investment scheme (Flagship
      Strategy) for all investors under DL Securities trading platform, where we are able to offer standard global asset allocation
      and management services to high net worth families, professional investors (“PI”), financial institutions, private enterprises,
      and external wealth management platforms. With such effort, the FO investment and services will not be limited to ultra-high
      net worth families, but can be extended to other range of investors under a more standardized and scalable DL Flagship
      program. DLDFO will also develop other asset management products and offer them to our increasing investor pool.




10     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


4.   The business of DL Global Capital (“DLGC”) includes, but not limited to ONE Carmel, ONE Plus Property Management, and
     private equity and credit funds. DLGC provides clients with private investment opportunities through debt and equity
     instruments.

     ONE Carmel is a luxury real estate project of 891 acres with 73 world-class houses and global community services located in
     the breathtaking Carmel Valley, California. After years of hard work, the first phase of the project is expected to be completed
     in the first quarter of 2025.

     DLGC will also continue to explore investment opportunities in Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and the United States in both
     equity and credit nature.

5.   A strategic cooperation agreement has been entered into between the Group and Soochow Securities (Hong Kong) Financial
     Holdings Limited (“SCS”), pursuant to which we will cooperate with SCS in all business fronts and launch all-round cooperation
     in the aspects of family office, wealth management, joint operation and equity, including docking domestic and overseas
     client resources, providing asset allocation strategies and investment products, and selling various financial products on
     behalf of each other, to jointly promote cross-border investment and wealth management between Mainland China and
     Hong Kong, the Greater Bay Area, and potentially covering the Asia-Pacific region.

6.   DL New Economy Research Institute (the “Institute”) is established to promote the institutionalization, programming,
     systematization, and professionalism of internal research, providing recommendations and valuable reference for the overall
     investment direction of the Group. Internally, the Institute will provide reports, consultation and services based on the needs
     of research from different departments. Externally, the Institute will launch extensive inter-industry cooperation to expand
     the influence of the think-tank and provide services such as macroeconomic trends and specialized industry analysis for the
     family office customers of the Group.

     The Group will provide research results of the wealth management industry both internally and externally in the form of
     a think-tank to provide advice and suggestions for the government and the development of the industry. The Institute will
     fully leverage on the market and information advantages of Hong Kong as an international financial center as well as the
     business platform of the Group, actively put into practice the Group’s philosophy of “Delivering Legacy”, employ competent
     think-tanks and talent teams, and strengthen the application and promotion of the brand name of “DL Research”, to solidly
     promote and enhance the Group’s research capability and customer service level.

7.   DLDFO will be transformed from the form of traditional asset management into a digital family office, DL Digital Family
     Office (“DL Digital FO”). DL Digital FO will be complementary to the existing multifamily office business, with a coverage of
     professional investors above the entry level (US$1 million), providing them with basic family office diversified investment
     services and targeting potential clients in advance, to increase the number of clients and the total amount of assets under
     management. By combining big data, cloud computing and blockchain technologies, DL Digital FO will gradually help the
     professional investment grade clients in the asset management category enjoy the family office level investment services
     and favorable returns through the artificial intelligence investment advisory system.

     DL Digital FO will be defined as: a digital wealth manager for professional investors, together with the Group’s multifamily
     office, securities investment, global real estates, and the newly established institute for new economic research, accelerates
     on the path of wealth management of rapid informatization development. The establishment of DL Digital FO will become
     the first new family office service platform to provide true “three-in-one”, namely digital, intelligent, and humanized, services
     in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. DL Digital FO will fully connect the well-established investment
     strategies and past performance of DLAM with artificial intelligence and big data, lowering the investment threshold while
     providing effective risk control, maintaining transparency and agility, and escorting the preservation and enhancement of
     asset value of the clients.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


With the diversified revenue source and capability of the Group, the Group strives to proactively adapt to the changing environment
with an ultimate aim of bringing better investment return to the shareholders of the Company.

Looking forward, the Group will proactively review its performance and prospects in different business segments from time to
time in light of the changing business environment, with an aim to optimise the use of the Group’s resources in the interests of
the Company thereby bringing maximum return to the shareholders of the Company.


FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
During the Reporting Period, the Group reported revenue of approximately HK$202.4 million, representing an increase of
approximately 5.9% from approximately HK$191.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2023. The increase in revenue was mainly
attributable to the increase in revenue generated from the Financial Services Businesses after the acquisition of the remaining
55% interest in DL Family Office HK and increase in management and performance fees from the provision of financial advisory
services and investment management services, offset by the decrease in revenue from the Apparel Business.

During the Reporting Period, the Financial Services Business remained the major revenue contributor during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of the Financial Services Business increased from approximately HK$136.9
million to approximately HK$151.0 million. The increase was mainly attributable to the increase in management and performance
fees from the provision of financial advisory services and investment management services.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of the money lending services decreased to approximately HK$14.1 million
from approximately HK$16.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2023, which represents a decrease of approximately 15.6%. The
decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in the loans and interest receivables.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue for the Apparel Business decreased to approximately HK$4.8 million from
approximately HK$22.3 million for the year ended 31 March 2023, representing a decrease of approximately 78.5%. Segment loss
for the Reporting Period decreased to approximately HK$5.4 million from approximately HK$11.9 million for the year ended 31
March 2023. The Apparel Business continued to suffer from challenges in the global business environment, fierce competition,
and international trade conflicts.

During the Reporting Period, the segment revenue of enterprise solutions services increased from approximately HK$15.3 million
to approximately HK$16.3 million and was attributable to the increase in service fees generated from consultancy services provided
by the Group.


Cost of sales/services
The Group’s cost of sales/services primarily consists of cost of services from the Financial Services Businesses and cost of goods
sold from the Apparel Business. The cost of services from the Financial Services Businesses mainly consist of sub-referral fee to
business vendors and expenses for placement projects, and the costs of goods sold from the Apparel Business mainly consists of (i)
fees charged by third-party manufacturers; and (ii) cost of raw materials occasionally purchased by the Group and passed to third-
party manufacturers for their production of salesman samples. During the Reporting Period, the cost of sales/services decreased to
approximately HK$71.9 million from approximately HK$88.5 million for the year ended 31 March 2023, representing a decrease
of approximately 18.7% due to the decrease in cost of sales/services incurred for the financial services and apparel businesses.




12     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gross profit and gross profit margins
During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the Group was approximately HK$130.5 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023:
approximately HK$102.6 million), which represents an increase of approximately 27.1%. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s
gross profit margin increased to approximately 64.5% (for the year ended 31 March 2023: approximately 53.7%).


Other gains/(losses), net
During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded net other gains of approximately HK$99.3 million (for the year ended 31 March
2023: net other losses of approximately HK$37.7 million), mainly attributable to remeasurement gain on step acquisition in
relation to the acquisition of the remaining 55% interest in DL Family Office HK of HK$68.0 million, net fair value gains on financial
assets at FVTPL of approximately HK$23.0 million and net gains on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL of approximately HK$7.5
million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: net losses on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL due to the sales of listed equities
of approximately HK$37.8 million).


Selling expenses
Selling expenses are mainly incurred by the Apparel Business and mainly consist of sales commission paid to external sales
representatives and staff costs of in-house staff whose roles are mainly focusing on sourcing new customers. During the Reporting
Period, selling expenses decreased to approximately HK$1.3 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: HK$1.9 million), which
was generally in line with the decrease in segment revenue for the Apparel Business.


General and administrative expenses
General and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee benefit expenses, entertainment and travelling expenses,
depreciation of property, plant and equipment, legal and professional fees and other miscellaneous general and administrative
expenses. During the Reporting Period, general and administrative expenses increased to approximately HK$111.1 million (for the
year ended 31 March 2023: approximately HK$96.0 million), representing an increase of approximately 15.7%. Such increase was
mainly due to the increase in consultancy, legal and professional fees incurred during the Reporting Period.


Finance costs
During the Reporting Period, finance cost increased to approximately HK$16.0 million (for the year ended 31 March 2023:
approximately HK$11.1 million) which was mainly attributable to the Group’s imputed interest of the promissory note issued in
November 2023 and the debt financing instruments, including bank borrowing, promissory notes and corporate bonds and the
global interest rate hike.

As at 31 March 2024, the Group had (i) bank borrowing of approximately HK$51.0 million (31 March 2023: HK$50.0 million) with a
floating interest rate of 2.3% per annum over the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate; (ii) bonds payable of approximately HK$84.0
million (31 March 2023: approximately HK$105.0 million) with fixed coupon rates ranging from 5% to 10% per annum; and (iii)
promissory notes of approximately HK$171.6 million (31 March 2023: HK$14.9 million) with interest rate of 0% to 8% per annum.


Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to owners of the Company
During the Reporting Period, total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$99.8
million (for the year ended 31 March 2023: total comprehensive expense attributable to owners of the Company of approximately
HK$49.5 million).




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
For the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024, the Group mainly financed its operations with its own working capital, bank borrowing
and proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds and promissory notes. As at 31 March 2024, the Group had net current assets of
approximately HK$255.6 million (31 March 2023: HK$240.4 million), including cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$39.8
million (31 March 2023: HK$83.5 million). The Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.75 as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023:
approximately 1.58).

As at 31 March 2024, the Group had bank borrowing of approximately HK$51.0 million (31 March 2023: HK$50.0 million) at a
floating interest rate of 2.3% per annum over the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate. The increase in bank borrowing was due to
the drawdown of bank borrowing. The bank borrowing is denominated in Hong Kong Dollars and is repayable within one year
and secured by corporate guarantee given by the Company.

As at 31 March 2024, the aggregate carrying values of promissory note issued by the Group amounted to approximately HK$171.6
million (31 March 2023: approximately HK$14.9 million), with interest rate of 0% to 8% per annum (2023: 8% per annum), which
are denominated in Hong Kong dollars and United States dollars (31 March 2023: United States dollars) and shall be repayable
within two to five years.

As at 31 March 2024, the Group has unlisted coupon bonds in issue to independent third-party subscribers with an aggregate
principal amount of HK$84.0 million (31 March 2023: HK$105.0 million). The unlisted bonds are denominated in Hong Kong
Dollars and unsecured and not guaranteed. The coupon rate and maturity date of the unlisted coupon bonds issued by the Group
as at 31 March 2024 are set out as follows:

Principal amount of the unlisted bonds           Maturity date                                                            Coupon rate

(1) HK$5 million                                 Within 48 months from the date of issue                                            5%
(2) HK$11 million                                Within 84 months from the date of issue                                            5%
(3) HK$30 million                                Within 60 months from the date of issue                                            8%
(4) HK$20 million                                Within 12 months from the date of issue                                           10%
(5) HK$18 million                                Within 24 months from the date of issue                                           10%

As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly held in United States dollars, Renminbi,
Singapore dollars, Euro dollars and Hong Kong dollars.

Details of changes in the Company’s share capital are set out in note 25 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

Gearing ratio is calculated by dividing total debts (including bank borrowing, bonds payable, promissory notes and lease liabilities)
by total equity as at the end of the reporting period. The Group’s gearing ratio increased from approximately 40.0% as at 31 March
2023 to approximately 58.9% as at 31 March 2024.


TREASURY POLICIES
The Group adopts prudent treasury policies. The Group’s management performs an ongoing credit evaluation of the financial
conditions of its customers in order to reduce the Group’s exposure of credit risk. In addition to these ongoing credit evaluations,
the Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of the Group’s assets, liabilities and
commitments can meet its funding requirements.




14     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


COMMITMENTS
The Group’s contractual commitments primarily related to the leases of its office premises and capital injection to a limited
partnership fund. As at 31 March 2024, the Group has nil lease commitments for short-term lease (31 March 2023: approximately
HK$16,000) and the capital commitments of the Group amounted to approximately HK$9.3 million (31 March 2023: approximately
HK$3.3 million).


CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The capital structure of the Group consists of (i) net cash and cash equivalents; (ii) equity attributable to owners of the Group,
comprising issued capital and other reserves; and (iii) other borrowings comprising corporate bonds, bank borrowing and promissory
notes.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS
On 21 August 2020, DL Investment Holdings US, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Subscriber”), and Carmel
Reserve LLC (the “Target Company”) entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”). The Target Company
is an associate of Ms. Jiang Xinrong (“Ms. Jiang”), the honorary chairman of the Board and the non-executive Director who resigned
with effect from 28 April 2023 and Mr. Chen Ningdi, the chairman of the Board, the executive Director and chief executive officer
of the Company. As such, the Target Company is a connected person of the Company. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement,
the Target Company has conditionally agreed to issue and allot to the Subscriber, and the Subscriber has conditionally agreed to
subscribe for, 27.06% of the interest in the Target Company as a class B member as enlarged by the subscription in two tranches at
the consideration of US$5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$39,000,000) which represents a post-money enterprise value
of the Target Company of approximately US$35,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$273,000,000) (the “Subscription”). The
Subscription has completed on 30 December 2020 and the consideration was satisfied by a combination of cash and the issuance
of promissory note by the Company.

The Target Company is principally engaged in the investment, construction and development of an ultra-luxury real estate project.
The construction of the real estate project has been kicked off in the early 2023. Offsite cut and fill grading and road widening is
under process. A sales centre was established and launched in May 2023. The investment of the Group in the Target Company is
stated at fair value and is recorded as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As at 31 March 2024, the fair value of the
investment in the Target Company amounted to approximately HK$115.2 million, which represents approximately 10.7% of the
total assets of the Group as at 31 March 2024. No dividend was received from this investment by the Group during the Reporting
Period. During the Reporting Period, there was a fair value gain of approximately HK$8.1 million arising from this investment.

The Subscription represents the first real estate investment of the Group. Notwithstanding the fact that the Subscription interest
bears no management rights or control on the Target Company, having considered that the Group has been expanding its investment
portfolio, the Board was of the view that being a passive financial investor in the Target Company, the Group will be able to enjoy
the future potential profit through distribution to be made by the Target Company.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2024, the Group had no significant investments accounting for more than 5% of the Group’s
total assets.

The Group adopts prudent and pragmatic investment strategies over its significant investment to generate investment return with a
view to better utilise the capital and funds of the Group. Factors including but not limited to the investee’s financial performance,
prospect, dividend policy and associated risk of the investment were considered for investment decisions.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024          15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
On 17 January 2023, the acquisition of approximately 45.0% of the total issued share capital of DL Family Office HK was completed
and the investment in the DL Family Office HK was accounted for in the financial statements of the Group as investment in an
associate using the equity method of accounting. On 14 September 2023, DL Asset Management Limited (“DL Asset Management”), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (as the purchaser) and DL Global Holdings Limited (“DL Global Holdings”) (as the vendor)
entered into a sale and purchase agreement, pursuant to which, DL Asset Management has conditionally agreed to acquire, and
DL Global Holdings has conditionally agreed to sell 10,016,651 shares of DL Family Office HK (representing approximately 55.0%
of the entire equity interest of DL Family Office HK) at a consideration of HK$220.0 million (the “Acquisition”).

DL Family Office HK is principally engaged in provision of financial services of licensed businesses including securities advisory
services and asset management services. DL Family Office HK is a licensed corporation under the Securities and Futures Ordinance
and is permitted to carry on Type 4 regulated activity (advising on securities) and Type 9 regulated activity (asset management).

The Acquisition was conducted for the purpose that the Company believes that the Acquisition will be a meaningful step in realizing
the Group’s strategy of creating greater value for the Shareholders and also further strengthening the industry position of the
Group. In addition, with the view to further expand its relevant financial services, the Company is of the view that the Acquisition
enables the Group to explore and leverage the synergy between DL Family Office HK and the Group, and will be complementary
to the Group’s existing operation and business layout, consolidate its existing advantageous position, generate synergies and
accelerate the Group’s development. In particular, the Board is optimistic about the business development of DL Family Office HK
and considers that the Acquisition could broaden the income sources and strengthen the financial position of the Group as a whole.

At the material time, DL Global Holdings was owned as to approximately 36.6% by Ms. Jiang Xinrong, the then non-executive
Director (who resigned with effect from 28 April 2023) and the spouse of Mr. Chen Ningdi, the executive Director. Therefore,
DL Global Holdings is an associate of each of Ms. Jiang Xinrong and Mr. Chen Ningdi, and accordingly, the Acquisition and the
transactions contemplated thereunder constitute connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and are subject to the reporting, announcement, the circular
and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Acquisition of DL Family Office HK was completed on 28 November 2023. Upon completion, DL Family Office HK has become
an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and its financial results has been consolidated into the Group’s consolidated
financial statements.

For further details, please refer to the announcement of Company dated 14 September 2023, the circular of the Company dated
25 October 2023 and the announcement of the Company dated 28 November 2023.

Save as the disclosed above, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures for the Reporting Period.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
There was no specific plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 March 2024. In the event that the Group is engaged
in any plan for material investments or capital assets, the Company will make announcement(s) and comply with relevant rules
under the Listing Rules as and when appropriate.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group did not have material contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2023 and 2024.




16     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE
The Group’s exposure to currency risk is primarily related to Renminbi, United States dollars, Singapore dollars and Euro dollars. As
at 31 March 2023 and 2024, foreign exchange risk on financial assets and liabilities denominated in the above-mentioned foreign
currencies was insignificant to the Group. The Group currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging and does not use
any financial instrument for hedging purposes.


CHARGE ON GROUP ASSETS
As at 31 March 2024, the Group did not pledge any of its assets (31 March 2023: nil) as securities for any facilities granted to the
Group.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, the Group employed a total of 66 and 85 full-time employees, respectively. The Group’s employee
benefit expenses mainly include salaries, wages, other staff benefits and contributions to retirement schemes. For the years
ended 31 March 2023 and 2024, the Group’s total employee benefit expenses (including Directors’ emoluments) amounted to
approximately HK$58.7 million and HK$54.7 million, respectively. Remuneration is determined with reference to market terms
and the performance, qualification and experience of individual employee. In addition to a basic salary, year-end bonuses would
be discretionarily offered to employees in accordance with their performance. The Group has also adopted a share option scheme
and a share award scheme in which the employees of the Group are a category of eligible participants as incentive or reward for
their contribution to the Group. The Group also provides appropriate staff training and development, so as enhance the Group’s
sustainable development.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Group mainly carries out its businesses in Hong Kong. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having
made all reasonable enquiries, the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations in Hong Kong that have a significant
impact on the Group during the Reporting Period.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
The Group aims to protect the environment by minimising environmental adverse impacts in its daily operations, such as energy
saving and recycling of office resources. The Group will continue to seek for better environmental practices and promote the right
environmental attitudes within the organisation. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all
reasonable enquiries, the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations regarding environmental protection, health
and safety, workplace conditions and employment during the Reporting Period.


RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group recognises its employees as one of the valuable assets of the Group and the Group strictly complies with the labour
laws and regulations in Hong Kong and regularly reviews the existing staff benefits for improvement during the Reporting Period.
Apart from the reasonable remuneration packages, the Group also offers other employee benefits, such as medical insurance, etc.

The Group provides good quality services to the customers and maintains a good relationship with them. The Group keeps a
database for direct communications with recurring customers for developing long-term business relationships.

The Group also maintains effective communication and develops a long-term trust relationship with its suppliers. During the
Reporting Period, there was no material dispute or disagreement between the Group and its suppliers.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On 21 March 2024 (after trading hours), the Company (as issuer) entered into a placing agreement with DL Securities (HK) Limited
(an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and Soochow Securities International Brokerage Limited (an independent
third party) (collectively, referred to as the “Placing Agents”), pursuant to which, the Placing Agents conditionally agreed to place
as the Company’s placing agents on a best effort basis the placing Shares of up to an aggregate of 100,000,000 new Shares to not
less than six Placees at the placing price of HK$3.50 per placing Share. On 9 April 2024, the Company has successfully placed a
total of 64,370,000 placing Shares under the general mandate granted to the Directors by the Shareholders at the annual general
meeting of the Company held on 11 September 2023. The net proceeds (after deducting the placing commission, professional fees
and all other related expenses which may be borne by the Company) from the placing were approximately HK$223.7 million. For
further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 21 March 2024 and 9 April 2024.

On 12 April 2024 (after trading hours), the Company, as guarantor, entered into guarantee agreements with five borrowers, which
are limited companies incorporated in the BVI and being the investment vehicles wholly-owned by a limited partnership fund
managed by a subsidiary of the Group, and Banco Delta Asia S.A., as lender, in providing guarantees of an aggregate maximum
amount of HK$180,000,000 for the borrowers’ obligations. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company
dated 12 April 2024 and 2 May 2024.

On 9 May 2024 (after trading hours), the Company and Carmel Reserve LLC, an investee of the Group, entered into a loan agreement,
pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide an unsecured loan of US$2,000,000 to Carmel Reserve LLC at an interest rate
of 12% per annum and due in a year. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 9 May 2024.

Since 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, save as disclosed above, there is no significant event affecting the
Group that have occurred.




18     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chen Ningdi (陳寧迪), aged 45, has been appointed as an executive Director, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board with effect from 28 February 2020, 27 March 2020 and 10 January 2022 respectively. He is also the director of certain
subsidiaries of the Company. He has over 20 years of experience in global financial industry. He founded DL Securities (HK) Limited
(“DL Securities”) and, together with Ms. Jiang Xinrong, DL Family Office (HK) Limited (“DL Family Office”) in the years of 2011 and
2012. He subsequently became the responsible officer of DL Securities for its Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 6 (advising
on corporate finance) regulated activities under the SFO from 2012 to 2015, and during the period from 2013 to 2015, he was
also the responsible officer of DL Securities for its Type 1 (dealing in securities) regulated activities under the SFO. During the
above period, he has been substantially involved in numerous projects in global capital market. Mr. Chen Ningdi was an executive
director and founding member of Great China Strategic Capital and Primus Pacific Partners, both of which are private equity firms.
Mr. Chen Ningdi previously worked for HSBC Global Investment Banking in Hong Kong, Equity-Linked Capital Markets of HSBC
Group in London, HSBC Debt Markets Client Group in Hong Kong. Mr. Chen Ningdi obtained his Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in both
Economics and Statistics from the University of Chicago in the year of 2001. Mr. Chen Ningdi is the spouse of Ms. Jiang Xinrong, a
former non-executive Director (resigned with effect from 28 April 2023) and honorary chairman of the Board. Mr. Chen Ningdi is
a director of DA Wolf and Rapid Raise Investments Limited, companies having interest in the Shares and underlying Shares which
would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Chen Ningdi’s interest in the shares of the Company (the “Shares”)
as at 31 March 2024 which fall to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.

Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay (郎世杰) (“Mr. Lang”), aged 37, has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from 10
January 2022. Mr. Lang joined DL Securities in April 2017 and he has become the chief executive officer in February 2020 and the
director of DL Securities in August 2020. DL Securities was acquired by the Group in November 2019 and became a subsidiary of
the Group. He engages in various debt and equity investments in private and public companies. Prior to joining the Group, he was
a non-executive director of Greater China Financial Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 431), the shares of which are listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange (“Greater China”), from January 2015 to April 2016. He was the founder, director and chief executive
officer of Shanghai Yousheng Investment Consulting Co., Limited* (上海佑勝投資諮詢有限公司) and was in charge of its overall
business operations and development before it was acquired by Greater China in 2014. He was also the founder, director and chief
executive officer of Orient Credit Holdings Limited before it was acquired by Greater China in 2014. He was previously a director of
Key Victory Holdings Limited and Oriental Credit Company Limited and the general manager of Shanghai Xinsheng Pawnshop Co.,
Limited* (上海新盛典當有限公司). He is the co-founder and chief executive officer of Shanghai Han Hao Investment Holdings
Ltd since 2009 and co-founded the China-based secondary market hedge fund, the ‘Lang Fund’. Mr. Lang graduated from the
University of Michigan in 2009.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Lang’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2024 which fall to be
disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.




*   For identification purposes only

                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         19
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Ai Kuiyu (艾奎宇) (“Mr. Ai”), aged 41, has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from 10 January 2022. Mr. Ai
is the chief marketing officer of the Company since February 2020 and has extensive experience in international communication
journalism and marketing. Mr. Ai is also the director of DL Asset Management Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. Ai was an executive director from March 2017 to February 2020 and the chairman of the board of directors from June
2019 to February 2020 of Sino Vision Worldwide Holdings Limited (新維國際控股有限公司), a company formerly listed on GEM of
the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 8086). From 2005 to 2016, he had worked as an anchor, moderator, producer and news reporter
at China Central Television (中國中央電視台) in the PRC. He obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in Spanish from the Communication
University of China in 2005 and a Master of Arts Degree in journalism from the Renmin University of China in 2014. He completed
the Risk Management sessions from the Executive Education Programme of Business School of Imperial College in November 2021.

Mr. Ai is also (a) a member of the 8th Council of the Western Returned Scholars Association; (b) a standing director of the Federation
of Hong Kong Jiangsu Youth; (c) a guest researcher of the China Institute of Fudan University since May 2016; and (d) a guest
lecturer of the Wuhan Institute of Design and Sciences since November 2019.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Ai’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2024 which fall to be
disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.

Ms. He Zhiying (賀之穎) (“Ms. He”), aged 40, has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from 28 April 2023. Ms. He
is also the director of DL Emerald Wealth Management Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. Ms. He served at DL Global Holdings
Limited (“DL Global”) from November 2014 to January 2018 with her last position being a director and she joined DL Family China
(HK) Limited (“DL Family Office”) in February 2018. She is currently the chief executive officer of DL Family Office, which provides
a total financial solution for high net worth individuals and their families as a multi-family office. Prior to joining DL Global,
Ms. He had served in Standard Chartered Bank China for over four years, and her responsibilities included marketing, business
planning and private wealth segment development. Ms. He obtained her Bachelor’s Degree in Economics (International Economics
and Trade) from the Shanghai International Studies University in July 2006. She has also completed a training course in wealth
management organised under the aegis of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Luxembourg and Consulate General of the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg in Shanghai in August 2013.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Ms. He’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2024 which fall to be
disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chan Kwan (陳昆), aged 36, has been appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 14 October 2022. Mr. Chan
Kwan obtained his bachelor’s degree in Biomedical Science from the University of Essex in June 2012 and his bachelor’s degree of
laws from the University of Leicester in July 2015. In addition, he is also a diamond graduate of Gemological Institute of America
(美國寶石學院). He is a non-executive director of CAQ Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
Limited (ASX Code: CAQ) since November 2017. He served as the legal and project director of China Cambodia International
Special Economic Zone Co. Limited from October 2015 to February 2018. He is the co-founder and chairman of Atlas Capital Asset
Management (HK) Limited, a company licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission for Type 4 (advising on securities) and
Type 9 (asset management) regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, since June 2020. He also served as the
executive director of Wan Kei Group Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code:
1718), from March 2018 to January 2022.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Chan Kwan’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2024 which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.



20     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek (陳冠樺) (formerly known as Chan Chi Hung Derek), aged 53, has been appointed as a non-executive
Director with effect from 27 March 2020. Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek is the managing director of Kingston Corporate Finance Limited.
He is principally engaged in leading and planning investment banking and financial consultation services, including sponsorship for
initial public offerings, structured finance, merger & acquisitions, asset restructuring and corporate governance advisory services.
He has over 20 years of experience from a few renowned securities firms and global financial institutions. He had worked with
Kingston Financial Group Limited from 2004 to 2008 and rejoined in January 2014. He holds a Master of Business Administration
from the University of Strathclyde in 1999 and a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Regina in
1994. He is a responsible officer of Kingston Securities Limited for its Type 1 (dealing in securities) regulated activities and Kingston
Corporate Finance Limited for its Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) regulated activities under the SFO. From October 2020 to
June 2021, he served as a non-executive director of Jimu Group Limited (Stock Code: 8187), the issued shares of which are listed
on GEM of the Stock Exchange. Since May 2023, he is a non-executive director of Plateau Treasures Limited (formerly known as GT
Steel Construction Group Limited) (Stock Code: 8402), the issued shares of which are listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Wang Yiding (王軼丁) (“Mr. Wang”), aged 41, was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 21 November 2023.
Mr. Wang has over 16 years of experience in the finance industry across public and private markets. He was representative at
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. from April 2010 to March 2012. He served at CSOP Asset Management Limited, a company licensed by the
Securities and Futures Commission for Type 1 (dealing with securities), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 9 (asset management)
regulated activities under the SFO, from April 2012 to August 2016, with his last position being a deputy chief marketing officer. He
served as a managing director at CMB International Asset Management Limited from June 2017 to January 2022. He is currently a
partner at Tiger Jade Capital, a private equity fund focused on global healthcare industry and the senior corporate strategy advisor
at Suzhou Tiantongweishi Electronic Technology Co., Ltd., a China-based startup that specializes in developing vision systems for
autonomous vehicles. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Tsinghua University in July 2006.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (張世澤) (“Mr. Chang”), aged 44, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with
effect from 25 May 2018. Mr. Chang received his Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of British Columbia in May
2002. Mr. Chang worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd. during the period from September 2002 to September 2013 and his last
position there was senior manager. During the period from October 2013 to July 2015, Mr. Chang was the chief financial officer of
a property development company. Mr. Chang is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and also a
registered member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Chang is an independent non-executive director
of Transmit Entertainment Limited (Stock Code: 1326) and Datang Group Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 2117), the issued shares of
which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, since December 2017 and December 2022 respectively. Mr. Chang is an
independent non-executive director of Yik Wo International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 8659), the issued shares of which are
listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange, since June 2022. Mr. Chang was an independent non-executive director of Centenary United
Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1959), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, between
September 2019 to May 2020. Mr. Chang was appointed as the company secretary of Pa Shun International Holdings Limited
(Stock Code: 574), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange from May 2019 to August 2019.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024          21
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (陳政璉) (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley), aged 45, has been appointed as an independent
non-executive Director with effect from 27 March 2020. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien has over 10 years’ experience in finance and investment
field as well as technology industry. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien is currently the chief executive officer of Cornucopia Innovation Corporation,
a subsidiary of Solomon Technology Corporation (“Solomon”, together with its subsidiaries “Solomon Group”), a company listed
on Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code: 2359TW). Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien joined Solomon Group in September 2005 and he was a
member of the board of directors of Solomon from July 2008 to January 2013. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien was also a member of the
board of directors of Solomon Goldentek Display Corporation from June 2014 to March 2018. Since December 2009, Mr. Chen
Cheng-Lien has been a member of the board of directors of Data International Co. Ltd., a company listed on the Taipei Exchange
(stock code: 5432TW). He served as an independent non-executive director of China Shun Ke Long Holdings Limited (Stock Code:
974), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from October 2018 to July 2020. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien was also a
member of the board of directors of United Test and Assembly Center Ltd. from June 2007 to October 2007. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien
was an analyst of JP Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited from July 2004 to September 2005 and a research analyst of Prudence
International Advisory Limited from July 2003 to May 2004.

Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien obtained a Bachelor of Science in Liberal Arts and Sciences from the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign,
the United States in December 2001, a master’s degree in financial engineering from the University of California, Berkeley in May
2003 and Master of Business Administration in May 2008 from Cornell University, the United States. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien obtained
an EMBA degree at China Europe International School in Shanghai, the PRC in August 2019.

Mr. Liu Chun (劉春) (“Mr. Liu”), aged 56, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 22 April
2020. He has over 20 years of experience in the media industry. He is currently the senior vice president of Phoenix New Media
Limited, a company listed by way of American depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: FENG) since 2018. He
is also an independent director of Vipshop Holdings Limited, a company listed by way of American depositary shares on the New
York Stock Exchange (symbol: VIPS) since 2013. He was a director and the chief cultural officer of Zhongnanhong Cultural Group Co.,
Ltd* (中南紅文化集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the SME board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002445)
and the president of its subsidiary, Jiangsu Zhongnan Film Co., Ltd.* (江蘇中南影業有限公司) from 2015 to 2018. He was a vice
president of Sohu.com Limited, a company listed by way of American depositary shares on the NASDAQ Stock Market (symbol:
SOHU) from 2011 to 2013. During his tenure at Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Ltd between 2000 and 2011, Mr. Liu last served
as the executive director of Phoenix Chinese TV. He was an executive producer of China Central Television from 1994 to 2000.
Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree from the Anhui Normal University major in Chinese in 1983 and a master’s degree from the
Communication University of China in 1991. He obtained an EMBA degree at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in 2009.

Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (李曉霄) (“Mr. Li”), aged 35, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 21 November
2023. Mr. Li obtained his bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Southern California in August 2010. Mr. Li is a
certified public accountant in the State of New York. Mr. Li has years of experience in the financial services industry. He served at
China Cinda (HK) Holdings Company Limited from July 2016 to November 2020 with his last position being an executive director.
He served as a managing director at a private equity fund licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission for Type 1 (dealing
with securities), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activities under the SFO, from November
2020 to November 2023. He is the founding partner of Pilot Capital Holdings Limited since October 2023.

Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this annual report for Mr. Li’s interest in the Shares as at 31 March 2024 which would fall
to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The members of senior management are the executive Directors whose biography are set out above.



*    For identification purposes only


22       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on principles and code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance
Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules. The Board and the management of the Company are committed
to maintaining and achieving a high standard of corporate governance practices with an emphasis on a quality Board, an effective
accountability system and a healthy corporate culture in order to safeguard the interests of the Shareholders and enhance the
business growth of the Group.

Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual. During the year ended 31 March 2024, Mr. Chen Ningdi performed his duties as both the
chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of the Company. However, the Board is of the view that this structure will
not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of the Company. The balance of power
and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board, which comprises experienced and high caliber individuals and meets
regularly to discuss issues affecting the operations of the Company. The Board believes that this structure is conductive to strong
and consistent leadership, enabling the Group to make and implement decisions efficiently, and thus is in the best interest of the
Group. The Board has full confidence in Mr. Chen Ningdi and believes that his appointment to the posts of chairman of the Board
and chief executive officer of the Company is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group. The Board will continue to review
and monitor the practices of the Company for the purpose of complying with the CG Code and maintaining a high standard of
corporate governance practices of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, the Company was in compliance with all code provisions set out in the CG Code for the year ended 31
March 2024.


MODEL CODE FOR DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors on terms no less exacting than the
required standard of dealings as set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors by the Company, all Directors
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard of dealings and the Company’s code of conduct concerning securities
transactions by the Directors for the year ended 31 March 2024.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Board consisted of:

Executive Directors                                        Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                           Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay
                                                           Mr. Ai Kuiyu
                                                           Ms. He Zhiying (appointed with effect from 28 April 2023)

Non-executive Directors                                    Ms. Jiang Xinrong* (Honorary Chairman) (resigned as a non-executive
                                                             director with effect from 28 April 2023)
                                                           Mr. Chan Kwan
                                                           Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek
                                                           Mr. Wang Yiding (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)

Independent non-executive Directors                        Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
                                                           Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
                                                           Mr. Liu Chun
                                                           Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)

*     Mr. Chen Ningdi is the spouse of Ms. Jiang Xinrong


                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024    23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


An updated list of the Directors and their roles and functions is published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and of the Company.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors his annual written confirmation of his independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and accordingly the Company considers each of them to be independent under Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.

Apart from the spousal relationship between Mr. Chen Ningdi (an executive Director, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board) and Ms. Jiang Xinrong (a former non-executive Director who resigned with effect from 28 April 2023), there is no relationship
(including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship) among our Directors. All of them are free to exercise
their independent judgements.

For the year ended 31 March 2024, a total of 13 Board meetings and 2 general meetings were held. The attendance records of
each Director in relation to the Board meetings and general meeting are set out in the table below:

                                                                                              Board meeting         General meeting
                                                                                           attended/eligible       attended/eligible
Name of Directors                                                                                  to attend              to attend

Mr. Chen Ningdi                                                                                          13/13                     2/2
Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay                                                                                 12/13                     2/2
Mr. Ai Kuiyu                                                                                             13/13                     2/2
Ms. He Zhiying (appointed with effect from 28 April 2023)                                                10/12                     2/2
Ms. Jiang Xinrong (resigned with effect from 28 April 2023)                                                1/1                     0/0
Mr. Chan Kwan                                                                                            10/13                     2/2
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                                                                  12/13                     1/2
Mr. Wang Yiding (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)                                              2/4                     0/0
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                                                                   13/13                     2/2
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                      9/13                     0/2
Mr. Liu Chun                                                                                             10/13                     1/2
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)                                              3/4                     0/0


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD
The Board is responsible for maintaining leadership and control of the Group and is collectively responsible for promoting the
success of the Group by directing and supervising the Group’s affairs. The Board focuses on formulating the Group’s overall strategies;
authorising the development plan and budget; monitoring financial and operating performance; reviewing the effectiveness of the
internal control system; and setting the Group’s values and standards. The day-to-day management, administration and operation
of the Group which include implementation of objectives, strategies and plans adopted by the Board, are delegated to the senior
management and overseen by the Chief Executive Officer. The delegated functions are reviewed by the Board periodically to ensure
that they accommodate the needs of the Group.

For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company had a minimum of three independent non-executive Directors and at all times met
the requirements of the Listing Rules that the number of independent non-executive Directors must represent at least one-third
of the Board members and at least one of the independent non-executive Directors has appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal actions taken
against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.




24     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
No corporate governance committee has been established and the Board is responsible for determining the policy of corporate
governance of the Group in accordance with the CG Code. The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance function
such as (i) developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance; (ii) reviewing and monitoring
the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management of the Company; (iii) reviewing
and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) developing,
reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to employees and the Directors, etc; and (v) reviewing the Company’s
compliance with the CG code and disclosure in this corporate governance report. The Company has formulated internal policies
and mechanisms to ensure that the Board has access to independent views and inputs. The Company shall review and assess the
relevant policies and mechanisms and its effectiveness on an annual basis or as required.

For the year ended 31 March 2024, regular Board meetings of the Company were held at least four times to review, consider
and approve, among others, annual and interim results and to review the business operations, corporate governance and the
effectiveness of internal control systems and risk management of the Group. The Board holds meetings from time to time whenever
necessary. At least 14 days’ notice of regular Board meetings is given to all Directors and they can include matters for discussion in
the agenda as they think fit. The agenda accompanying Board papers are sent to all Directors at least three days before the date
of every Board meeting in order to allow sufficient time for the Directors to review the documents.

Draft minutes of every Board meeting are circulated to all Directors for their perusal and comments prior to confirmation of the
minutes. The company secretary of the Company is responsible for keeping the minutes of all meetings of the Board and the
Company’s committees.

Every Board member has full access to the advice and services of the company secretary of the Company with a view to ensuring that
all required procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations are followed and they are also entitled to have full access to Board
papers and related materials so that they are able to make an informed decision and to discharge their duties and responsibilities.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual. During the year ended 31 March 2024, Mr. Chen Ningdi performed his duties as both the chairman
and chief executive officer of the Company. However, the Board is of the view that this structure will not impair the balance of
power and authority between the Board and the management of the Company. The balance of power and authority is ensured
by the operations of the Board, which comprises experienced and high caliber individuals and meets regularly to discuss issues
affecting the operations of the Company. The Board believes that this structure is conductive to strong and consistent leadership,
enabling the Group to make and implement decisions efficiently, and thus is in the best interest of the Group. The Board has
full confidence in Mr. Chen Ningdi and believes that his appointment to the posts of chairman and chief executive officer of the
Company is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”) provide that subject to the manner of retirement by rotation of Directors
as from time to time prescribed by the Listing Rules, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time being
(or, if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by
rotation and that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

Non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a specific term subject to retirement by rotation
and re-election in accordance with the Articles. The term of appointment of the non-executive Directors and the independent
non-executive Directors are set out in the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ Service Contracts/Appointment Letters”
in this annual report. Each independent non-executive Director is required to inform the Company as soon as practicable if there
is any change that may affect his independence and must provide an annual confirmation of his independence to the Company.



                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
To assist Directors’ continuing professional development, the Company recommends Directors to attend relevant seminars to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. As of 31 March 2024, all the then existing Directors, namely Mr. Chen Ningdi, Mr.
Lang Joseph Shie Jay, Mr. Ai Kuiyu, Ms. He Zhiying, Mr. Chan Kwan, Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek, Mr. Wang Yiding, Mr. Chang Eric
Jackson, Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley), Mr. Liu Chun and Mr. Li Xiaoxiao had participated
in continuous professional development programmes such as external seminars organised by qualified professional and/or reading
materials relevant to the Group’s business or to director’s duties and responsibilities, to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills to ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

All Directors also understand the importance of continuous professional development and are committed to participating in any
suitable training to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015. The terms of reference of
the Audit Committee are available at the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment
and removal of external auditor, review the financial statements and significant financial reporting judgement and oversee financial
reporting system, risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

As at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee consisted of members, namely Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (chairman of the
Audit Committee), Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley) and Mr. Liu Chun, all being independent
non-executive Directors. No member of the Audit Committee is a member of the former or existing independent auditor of the
Company. The Audit Committee has reviewed this annual report, including the audited consolidated results of the Group for the
year ended 31 March 2024.

According to the current terms of reference, the Audit Committee shall meet at least two times for a financial year. Two meetings
were held by the Audit Committee for the year ended 31 March 2024 and during the meetings, the Audit Committee reviewed
the unaudited interim results as well as the audited annual results of the Group, discussed the audit findings with the external
auditor of the Company and raised questions on the unaudited interim results and the audited annual results of the Group. The
record of attendance of each member of the Audit Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                               Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Audit Committee                                                                          eligible to attend

Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)                                                                                               2/2
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                            2/2
Mr. Liu Chun                                                                                                                    2/2

The Group’s internal control system is reviewed regularly and at least annually by management. With the view of enhancing the
Group’s risk management and internal control systems, during the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company had appointed an
independent consultant as the Group’s internal audit function to review the Group’s risk management and internal control systems
and recommend actions to improve the Group’s internal controls.

Having considered the results of the review conducted by the independent consultant, the Audit Committee is of the view that the
Group’s risk management and internal control systems and internal audit functions were effective and adequate and in compliance
with the requirements of code provision D.2.1 of the CG Code for the year ended 31 March 2024 in all material respects.




26     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015. The terms
of reference of the Remuneration Committee (revised on 1 January 2023) are available at the websites of the Stock Exchange and
the Company. The model under code provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the CG Code have been adopted.

For the year ended 31 March 2024, it consisted of members, namely Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (chairman of the Remuneration
Committee), Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley) and Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect
from 21 November 2023), all being independent non-executive Directors; and Mr. Chen Ningdi being an executive Director.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration
policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; review management’s remuneration proposals
with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; assess performance of executive Directors and approve the terms of
their service contracts; review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules; and ensure
none of the Directors determine their own remuneration.

Three meetings were held by the Remuneration Committee for the year ended 31 March 2024. In the meetings, the Remuneration
Committee has performed its duties to determine and make recommendations to the Board on the terms of service contracts of
newly appointed Director during the year ended 31 March 2024, as well as performance review and remuneration package of
Directors and senior management, and to consider the grants of share options and share awards to eligible participants. During the
year ended 31 March 2024, the Remuneration Committee made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of
Directors and senior management. The remuneration of individual Director and senior management is determined with reference
to his/her experience, duties and responsibilities undertaken with the Company as well as the prevailing market conditions. The
record of attendance of each member of the Remuneration Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                             Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Remuneration Committee                                                                 eligible to attend

Mr. Chang Eric Jackson (Chairman)                                                                                             3/3
Mr. Chen Ningdi                                                                                                               3/3
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                          3/3
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)                                                                 0/0

Details of emoluments of the Directors of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in note 9 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”) was established on 22 September 2015. The terms of
reference of the Nomination Committee are available at the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

For the year ended 31 March 2024, it consisted of members, namely Mr. Chen Ningdi (chairman of the Nomination Committee),
being an executive Director; Mr. Chang Eric Jackson, Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley) and
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023), being the independent non-executive Directors.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board at least annually;
identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members; assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;
and make recommendations to the Board on matters relating to the appointment and/or re-appointment of Directors.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Three meetings were held by the Nomination Committee for the year ended 31 March 2024. In the meetings, the Nomination
Committee has performed its duties to review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board, make recommendations
to the Board on the appointment and re-appointment of Directors and assess the independence of the independent non-executive
Directors. The record of attendance of each member of the Nomination Committee is set out below:

                                                                                                                 Meeting attended/
Name of members of the Nomination Committee                                                                       eligible to attend

Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman)                                                                                                        3/3
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                                                                                            3/3
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)                                                              3/3
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)                                                                     0/0


Nomination policy
The Company adopted a nomination policy in compliance with the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2019, which establishes
written guidelines for the Nomination Committee to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and make
recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships with reference to the formulated
criteria. The Board is ultimately responsible for selection and appointment of new Directors.

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the Nomination Committee, has used its best efforts to ensure that Directors
appointed to the Board possess the relevant background, experience and knowledge in business, finance and management skills
critical to the Group’s business to enable the Board to make sound and well considered decisions. Collectively, members of the
Board have competencies in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.


Nomination Process
The Nomination Committee shall assess whether any vacancy on the Board has been created or is expected on a regular basis or
as required.

The Nomination Committee utilises various methods for identifying director candidates, including recommendations from Board
members, management, and professional search firms. All director candidates, including incumbents and candidates nominated
by the Shareholders, are evaluated by the Nomination Committee based upon the director’s background, qualifications, skills and
experience through review of resume, personal interview and performance of background checks. The Nomination Committee
retains the discretion to establish the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary based on the composition, skill sets, age,
gender and experiences of the collective Board rather than on the individual candidate for the purpose of diversity perspectives
appropriate to the requirement of the Group’s business.


Selection Criteria
The Nomination Committee will take into account whether a candidate has the qualifications, skills, experience and gender diversity
that add to and complement the range of background, skills and experience of existing Directors taking also into account the personal
integrity and professional ethics, proven achievement and competence in their field of expertise and the ability to exercise sound
business judgement of the director candidates. Candidates will be considered if they possess skills that are complementary to those
of the existing Board, the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company’s success
and such other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem are in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders.

The Company shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.




28     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Board Diversity Policy
The Board has adopted a policy of diversity of the Board (the “Diversity Policy”). Accordingly, selection of Board members should
be based on a range of aspects, including without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Nomination Committee will adhere to the Diversity Policy to ensure that
there is at least one female Director in the Board and is committed to further enhancing gender diversity as and when suitable
candidates are identified, such that a robust pipeline of female successors to the Board can be established in the near future.

The Nomination Committee considers the existing size and composition of the Board satisfies the requirements set out in the Diversity
Policy and are adequately diverse for effective decision-making, taking into account the nature and scope of the Group’s operations.
The composition of the Board is reviewed on an annual basis by the Nomination Committee. Throughout the year ended 31 March
2024, the Board comprised of both male and female Directors with various educational background and professional experience.

The Board under the assistance of the Nomination Committee shall review and reassess the Diversity Policy on an annual basis to
ensure its implementation and continued effectiveness.


Diversity in Workforce
The Company recognises the importance of diversity in workforce throughout the Group as a matter of corporate governance. The
Group is committed to ensuring that recruitment at all levels, including the Board, adheres to range of selection criteria in order
to consider a pool of talented individuals.

The Group will continue to take gender diversity into consideration during recruitment. The Group will continue to take opportunities
to increase the proportion of female workforce over time as and when suitable candidates are identified. As at 31 March 2024,
the Group had 70 full-time employees and 13 part-time employee (including senior management) with an overall gender ratio
between male and female at approximately 56.6% and 43.4%, respectively. The Nomination Committee considers that the existing
workforce composition has achieved gender diversity, and endeavours to discuss and agree on measurable objectives and plans
for achieving diversity, periodically and when necessary.


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group that give a true
and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants and in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal
control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties
relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The
responsibility of the external auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on their audit, on the Group’s consolidated
financial statements prepared by the Directors and to report its opinion to the Shareholders. A statement by the auditor about
their reporting responsibility is set out in the independent auditor’s report in this annual report.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Risk Management and Internal Control
The Group emphasises the importance of a sound internal control system which is also indispensable for mitigating the Group’s key
risk exposures. The Group’s system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in operational systems and fulfillment of the business
objectives. The risk management and internal control systems are reviewed on an ongoing basis by the Board in order to make it
practical and effective in providing reasonable assurance in relation to protection of material assets and Shareholders’ interests.

The Group has adopted a three-tier risk management approach to identify, assess and manage different types of risks. As the
first line of defence, business units are responsible for identifying, assessing and monitoring risk associated with each business
transaction based on rules, models and systems developed by the management. The management, as the second line of defence,
establishes rules and models based on the acceptable risk tolerance level as determined by the Board, develops new system
for monitoring and controlling identified risks and provides technical support to business units and oversees their portfolio
management. It ensures that risks are within acceptable range as determined by the Board and that the first line of defence is
effective. As the final line of defense, the independent consultant, as an internal audit function, assists the Audit Committee to
review the first and second lines of defence.

The Group is committed to the identification, evaluation and management of risks associated with its business activities through
ongoing assessment by keeping a risk register to consider the likelihood and impact of each identified risk. The Group has also
established procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, whereby business units
shall report to the Chief Executive Officer or Company Secretary of any potential inside information. The Chief Executive Officer or
Company Secretary shall follow the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission
(the “SFC”) in considering whether any disclosure is required and shall seek legal advice where necessary. The Group has implemented
an effective control system which includes a defined management structure with limits of authority, a sound management system
and periodic review of the Group’s performance by the Audit Committee and the Board.

For the year ended 31 March 2024, both the management of the Company and the independent consultant have reviewed the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group and have provided written reports to the Audit Committee. The Board, as
assisted by the Audit Committee, has conducted annual review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems for the year ended 31 March 2024, covering the material financial, operational and compliance controls, and
considers the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to be effective and adequate.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience, training and budget and effectiveness
of the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions for the year ended 31 March 2024.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 March 2024, the fees paid/payable to the Company’s auditor is set out as follows:

Services rendered                                                                                                 Fee paid/payable
                                                                                                                          (HK$’000)

Audit services                                                                                                                  1,550
Non-audit services                                                                                                                300
                                                                                                                                1,850




30     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Chin Ying Ying has been appointed as company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”) with effect from 27
March 2020. For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company Secretary undertook not less than 15 hours of professional training
to update the skills and knowledge.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the Board. An
annual general meeting of the Company shall be held in each year and at the place as may be determined by the Board. Each
general meeting, other than an annual general meeting, shall be called an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”).


RIGHT TO CONVENE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING
Any one or more member(s) holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital
of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, on a one vote per share basis, shall at all times
have the right, by written requisition sent to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the manner
below, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such requisition;
and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition.

The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the requisitionist(s) and deposit it to the Board or the
Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business at Unit 2902, Vertical Square, 28 Heung Yip Road, Wong Chuk
Hang, Hong Kong, and such may consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitionist(s).

The request will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that the request
is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to convene an EGM by serving sufficient notice in accordance
with the statutory requirements to all the registered members. On the contrary, if the request has been verified not in order,
the Shareholders will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as requested. If within 21 days
from the date of the deposit of the requisition the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself
(themselves) may convene a meeting, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the
Board shall be reimbursed by the Company to the requisitionist(s).

The notice period to be given to all the registered members for consideration of the proposal raised by the requisitionist(s) concerned
at the EGM is at least 14 clear day’s notice in writing.


RIGHT TO SEND ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the principal place
of business of the Company in Hong Kong or by e-mail to ir@dl-gh.com.


PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO PROPOSE A PERSON FOR ELECTION AS A DIRECTOR
Pursuant to article 85 of the Articles, no person other than a Director retiring at the meeting shall, unless recommended by the
Directors for election, be eligible for election as a Director at any general meeting unless a notice signed by a member (other than
the person to be proposed) duly qualified to attend and vote at the meeting for which such notice is given of his/her intention to
propose such person for election and also a notice signed by the person to be proposed of his/her willingness to be elected shall
have been lodged at the head office or the registration office of the Company provided that the minimum length of the period,
during which such notice(s) are given, shall be at least 7 days and that (if the notices are submitted after the despatch of the notice
of the general meeting appointed for such election) the period for lodgment of such notice(s) shall commence on the day after the
despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than 7 days prior to the date of such
general meeting. The written notice must state that person’s biographical details as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO PUT FORWARD PROPOSALS AT SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
To put forward proposals at a general meeting of the Company, a Shareholder should lodge a written notice of his/her/its proposal
(the “Proposal”) with his/her/its detailed contact information via email at the email address of the Company at ir@dl-gh.com. The
identity of the Shareholder will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation
that the request is made by a Shareholder and such request is proper and in order, the Board will determine in its sole discretion
whether the Proposal may be included in the agenda for the general meeting to be set out in the notice of meeting.

The notice period to be given to all the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder concerned at the
general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

1.    notice of not less than 21 clear days in writing if the Proposal requires approval in an annual general meeting;

2.    notice of not less than 14 clear days in writing if the Proposal requires approval in an EGM.


INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers that having active communications with its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders is important
and this will enhance transparency and clarity in public disclosures by the Company. The Company has established a range of
communication channels between itself and its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These include the annual general
meeting, the annual and interim reports, notices, announcements, circulars, memorandum and articles of association on the
Company’s website at https://www.dlglobalholdings.com.

The Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy for the year ended 31
March 2024, and considered that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy remained effective and was properly implemented given
the multiple channels of communication in place.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
A special resolution has been passed at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 11 September 2023 to approve
the proposed amendments (the “Proposed Amendments”) to the existing amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association of the Company and the adoption of the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
of the Company. The purpose of the Proposed Amendments is to (i) bring the memorandum and articles of association of the
Company in line with the latest legal and regulatory requirements, including the core shareholder protection standards set out
in Appendix A1 to the Listing Rules; (ii) provide flexibility to the Company to convene and hold general meetings in the form of
hybrid general meetings or exclusively electronic general meetings; and (iii) incorporate other consequential and house-keeping
amendments to update or clarify provisions of the existing memorandum and articles of association of the Company where it is
considered fit and desirable. For details, please refer to the announcement and circular of the Company dated 21 July 2023 and
27 July 2023 respectively.


POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
The Company adopted a policy on payment of dividends (the “Dividend Policy”) in compliance with code provision F.1.1 of the CG
Code with effect from 1 January 2019, which establishes an appropriate procedure on declaring and recommending the dividend
payment of the Company.

The Company will declare and/or recommend the payment of dividends to Shareholders after considering the Company’s ability to
pay dividends, which will depend upon, among other things, its actual and expected financial results, cash flow, general business
conditions and strategies, current and future operations, statutory, contractual and regulatory restrictions and so on. The Board
has complete discretion on whether to pay a dividend, subject to Shareholders’ approval, where applicable. Even if the Board
decides to recommend and pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon the operations and earnings, capital
requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors of and affecting the Group. The
Board may also consider declaring special dividends from time to time, in addition to the interim and/or final dividends.

The Company shall review and reassess the Dividend Policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.

32     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors hereby present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
March 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is principally engaged in (i) provision of financial services of licensed
businesses including financial advisory services; securities research services; securities trading and brokerage services; margin
financing services; referral services; investment management and advisory services; and insurance brokerage services to customers;
(ii) provision of family office services, investment advisory, assets management services and referral services for ultra-high net worth
families; (iii) provision of money lending services to customers; (iv) sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain
management total solutions to customers; and (v) provision of enterprise solutions services. The major activities of its principal
subsidiaries are set out in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The Group’s results for the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income on page 57 of this annual report.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK1.98 cents per Share in the form of cash in respect of the Reporting
Period, amounting to a total dividend of approximately HK$30,063,000 to Shareholders whose names appear on the register of
members of the Company on 25 September 2024 (record date). Subject to approval of the Shareholders at the annual general
meeting of the Company to be held on 13 September 2024 (the “AGM”), it is expected that the final dividend will be paid to the
eligible Shareholders on or around 9 October 2024. This proposed dividend is not reflected as a dividend payable in the consolidated
financial statements, but reflected as an appropriation of retained earnings for the year ended 31 March 2024.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year ended 31 March 2024, the key factors affecting its results
and financial position, and the information on the compliance with laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
Company, environmental policy and performance and relationships with stakeholders that have a significant impact on the Company
are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. Furthermore, a fair review of, and
an indication of likely future development in the Group’s business are set out in the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” of
this annual report. Save as disclosed in this annual report, since the end of the year ended 31 March 2024, no significant event
affecting the Group has occurred.

The Group’s business is subject to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, cash flow interest rate
risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk; and the risks related to extreme changes in weather conditions and seasonality
trends. Besides, it greatly relies on the Group’s management team to operate and also the sales representatives for introduction
of new customers and business opportunities to the Group.


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Financial highlights of the Group are set out on page 150 of this annual report.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in note 25 to the
consolidated financial statements of the Group.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige
the Company to offer its new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.



                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         33
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
The Company and its subsidiaries did not purchase, sell or redeem any of its Shares listed on the Stock Exchange for the year
ended 31 March 2024.


EQUITY LINKED AGREEMENT
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Report of the Directors – Share Option Scheme” in this annual report, no equity-linked
agreement was entered into by the Group, or subsisted, during the year ended 31 March 2024.


RESERVES
Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in note
39 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 59 of
this annual report respectively.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the Companies
Act, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, amounted to approximately HK$174.2 million.
Such amount represented other reserves after setting off accumulated losses of the Company, which may be distributable provided
that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay
off its debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group’s largest and five largest customers represented approximately 16.6% and 36.1% of
the Group’s total revenue respectively, and the Group’s largest and five largest suppliers represented approximately 20.93% and
59.85% of the Group’s total cost of sales respectively.

None of the Directors nor any of their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) nor any Shareholders (which, to the knowledge
of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the issued Shares) had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers and/or
five largest suppliers during the year ended 31 March 2024.


DIRECTORS
During the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, the Directors were as the followings:

Executive Directors
Mr. Chen Ningdi (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay
Mr. Ai Kuiyu
Ms. He Zhiying (appointed with effect from 28 April 2023)

Non-executive Directors
Ms. Jiang Xinrong (Honorary Chairman)
  (resigned as non-executive Director with effect from 28 April 2023)
Mr. Chan Kwan
Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek
Mr. Wang Yiding (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chang Eric Jackson
Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien (also known as Chen Cheng-Lang and Chen Stanley)
Mr. Liu Chun
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (appointed with effect from 21 November 2023)

34     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


According to article 84(1) of the Articles, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three
(3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting of the
Company, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least once every three years.
Any Director who retires under this article shall then be eligible for re-election as Director. Mr. Lang Joesph Shie Jay, Mr. Ai Kuiyu
and Mr. Liu Chun will retire as Directors and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the AGM.

According to article 83(3) of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until
the next following general meeting of the Company and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board
shall hold office until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at such
meeting. Mr. Wang Yiding (who was appointed by the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 21 November 2023) and
Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (who was appointed by the Board as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 21 November 2023)
will retire as Directors and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the AGM.


BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS
The biographical details of the Directors are disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management” of this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS/APPOINTMENT LETTERS
As at the date of this annual report, each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company. The
term of service agreement of Mr. Chen Ningdi, an executive Director, is for an initial term of three years commencing from 28
February 2020 and continues thereafter until terminated in accordance with the terms of the contract, and is subject to retirement
by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. The term of service agreement of Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay,
an executive Director, is for an initial term of three years commencing from 10 January 2022 and is subject to retirement by
rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. The term of service agreement of Mr. Ai Kuiyu, an executive
Director, is for an initial term of three years commencing from 10 January 2022 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other
related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. The term of service agreement of Ms. He Zhiying, an executive Director, is for an
initial term of three years commencing from 28 April 2023 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions
as stipulated in the Articles.

Mr. Chan Kwan, being a non-executive Director, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three
years commencing from 14 October 2022 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in
the Articles. Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek, being a non-executive Director with effect from 27 March 2020, entered into a letter of
appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 27 March 2024 and is subject to retirement by rotation
and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Wang Yiding, being a non-executive Director, entered into a letter of
appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years commencing from 21 November 2023 and is subject to retirement
by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles.

Mr. Chang Eric Jackson, being an independent non-executive Director with effect from 25 May 2018, entered into a letter of
appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 25 May 2024 and is subject to retirement by rotation
and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien, being an independent non-executive Director with
effect from 27 March 2020, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 27
March 2024 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Liu Chun, being
an independent non-executive Director with effect from 22 April 2020, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company
for a term of one year commencing from 22 April 2024 and is subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as
stipulated in the Articles. Mr. Li Xiaoxiao, being an independent non-executive Director, entered into a letter of appointment with
the Company for an initial term of three years commencing from 21 November 2023 and is subject to retirement by rotation and
other related provisions as stipulated in the Articles.

No Director being proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which
is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024          35
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant
to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract, other than a contract of service with any Director or any person under the full-time employment of the Company,
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company, was entered
into or existed for the year ended 31 March 2024.


EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Remuneration Committee is set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of the
Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance and
comparable market practices. The remunerations of the Directors are determined by reference to the economic situation, the
market condition, the responsibilities and duties assumed by each Director as well as their individual performance.

The Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) and would consider to grant share options as incentive
to any eligible personnel of the Group from time to time as appropriate. Please refer to the section headed “Report of the Directors
– Share Option Scheme” of this annual report for further details of the Share Option Scheme.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group by band and the respective number of persons for the
year ended 31 March 2024 are set out below:

Remuneration bands                                                                                              Number of persons

HK$0 to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                                8
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                                        2
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                                        1
HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                                                        1

Further details of Directors’ and the five highest paid employees’s remuneration are set out in note 9 and note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements.


ARRANGEMENTS FOR DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At any time during and at the end of the year ended 31 March 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party
to any arrangements which enabled the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of
the Company or any other body corporate.




36     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES, AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 March 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying
Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in
the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                                                    interest in the
                                                                                                                                         Company
Name of Director(s)                            Capacity/nature of interest                           Number of Shares                      (Note 1)
Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”)                   Interest of controlled corporation                   535,808,134 (Note 2)                     36.85%
                                               Interest of spouse                                   226,328,299 (Note 3)                     15.57%
                                               Beneficial owner                                      17,791,666 (Note 2)                      1.22%

Mr. Chan Kwan                                  Beneficial owner                                      40,666,666 (Note 4)                       2.80%

Mr. Ai Kuiyu (“Mr. Ai”)                        Beneficial owner                                       6,108,133 (Note 5)                       0.42%
                                               Interest of spouse                                       559,166 (Note 5)                       0.04%

Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay (“Mr. Lang”) Beneficial owner                                                4,500,000 (Note 6)                       0.31%
                                      Interest of spouse                                              1,427,400 (Note 6)                       0.10%

Ms. He Zhiying (“Ms. He”)                      Beneficial owner                                       3,554,874 (Note 7)                       0.24%

Li Xiaoxiao (“Mr. Li”)                         Beneficial owner                                          210,000 (Note 8)                      0.01%
Notes:

1.       Based on the total number of issued Shares as at 31 March 2024.

2.       DA Wolf Investments I Limited (“DA Wolf”) directly owned 535,808,134 Shares, representing approximately 36.85% of all issued Shares as at
         31 March 2024. Mr. Chen being the sole shareholder of DA Wolf was deemed to be interested in the total of 535,808,134 Shares held by DA
         Wolf. Mr. Chen also held 17,791,666 Shares as beneficial owner. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Jiang, being the spouse of Mr. Chen, was deemed
         to be interested in all Shares held by Mr. Chen.

3.       Rapid Raise Investments Limited (“Rapid Raise”), a company wholly owned by DL Family Office Global Limited (“DL Global”) as at 31 March
         2024, of which approximately 30% of the issued share capital was held by Mr. Chen and approximately 36.6% of the issued share capital was
         held by Ms. Jiang, directly held 226,124,966 Shares, representing approximately 15.55% of all issued Shares as at 31 March 2024. Accordingly,
         Ms. Jiang was deemed to be interested in the 226,124,966 Shares held by Rapid Raise. Ms. Jiang also held 203,333 Shares as beneficial owner.
         By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen, being the spouse of Ms. Jiang, was deemed to be interested in all Shares held by Ms. Jiang.

4.       These 40,666,666 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Chan Kwan.

5.       These 6,108,133 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Ai. These 559,166 Shares represented the Shares held by the spouse
         of Mr. Ai. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Ai was deemed to be interested in those Shares.

6.       These 4,500,000 Shares represented 4,500,000 share options granted to Mr. Lang pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. These 1,427,400
         Shares represented the Shares held by the spouse of Mr. Lang. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Lang was deemed to be interested in those Shares.

7.       These 3,554,874 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Ms. He.

8.       These 210,000 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Li.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2024, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any interests and
short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was
required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.



                                                                                 DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024               37
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 March 2024, the interests or short positions of the persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) in
the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
section 336 of the SFO or which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                        Number of Shares                percentage of
                                                                                                          interested in or             interest in the
                                                                                                            deemed to be                    Company
Name                                   Capacity/nature of interest                                             interested                     (Note 1)

Ms. Jiang                              Interest of spouse                                             553,599,800 (Note 2)                       38.08%
                                       Interest of controlled corporation                             226,124,966 (Note 3)                       15.55%
                                       Beneficial owner                                                   203,333 (Note 3)                        0.01%

DA Wolf                                Beneficial owner                                               535,808,134 (Note 2)                       36.85%

DL Global                              Interest of controlled corporation                             226,124,966 (Note 3)                       15.55%

Rapid Raise                            Beneficial owner                                               226,124,966 (Note 3)                       15.55%

Mr. Li Ren                             Beneficial owner                                               120,873,533 (Note 4)                         8.31%

Notes:

1.       Based on the total number of issued Shares as at 31 March 2024.

2.       Please refer to note 2 to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
         Underlying Shares, and Debentures” in this annual report for details.

3.       Please refer to note 3 to the section headed “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
         Underlying Shares, and Debentures” in this annual report for details.

4.       These 120,873,533 Shares represented the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Li Ren.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2024, no person, other than a Director or chief executive of the Company, whose interests
are set out in the section “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares, and Debentures”
above, had registered an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO or which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Share Option Scheme was adopted and approved by the then Shareholders on 22 September 2015. The purpose of the Share
Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to eligible participants as incentive or reward for their contribution to
the Group to subscribe for the Shares thereby linking their interest with that of the Group. The eligible participants of the Share
Option Scheme include the employee, adviser, consultant, service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the
Company or any subsidiary (including any Director of the Company or any subsidiary) who is in full-time or part-time employment
with or otherwise engaged by the Company or any subsidiary at the time when an option is granted to such employee, adviser,
consultant, service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner or any person who, in the absolute discretion of
the Board, has contributed or may contribute to the Group (“Eligible Participant(s)”).



38        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company did not grant any share options under the Share Option Scheme and 29,500,000
share options were lapsed. As at 31 March 2024, the Company had 26,600,000 (31 March 2023: 56,100,000) share options outstanding
under the Share Option Scheme.

Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Shareholders in the annual general meeting of the Company held on 9 September 2021,
the limit of the Share Option Scheme was refreshed as at the date of meeting and accordingly, the Company is allowed under the
“refreshed limit” to grant options carrying the rights to subscribe for up to a total of 143,012,100 Shares, representing 10% of the
issued Shares as at the date of such annual general meeting. As at the date of this annual report, the number of Shares available
for future issue under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme is 116,412,100 (31 March 2023: 116,412,100), representing
approximately 7.67% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this annual report.

Unless approved by the Shareholders in the manner set out in the Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares issued and to
be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each grantee (including both exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month
period must not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Where any further grant of options to an Eligible Participant would result in the
Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such person (including exercised, cancelled
and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant representing in aggregate over
1% of the Shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by Shareholders in general meeting with such Eligible
Participant and his close associates abstaining from voting (or his associates if the Eligible Participant is a connected person).

An offer of share options shall be made to an Eligible Participant in writing in such form as the Directors may from time to time
determine and shall remain open for acceptance by the Eligible Participant concerned for a period of 21 days from the date upon
which it is made provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the 10th anniversary of the adoption date of the
Share Option Scheme or the termination of the same.

An offer shall be deemed to have been accepted by an Eligible Participant concerned in respect of all Shares which are offered
to such Eligible Participant when the duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the offer duly signed by the Eligible Participant,
together with a non-refundable remittance in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof
is received by the Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not be later than 21 days from, and
inclusive of, the date of offer).

At the time of grant of the share options, the Company may specify any minimum period(s) for which an option must be held
before it can be exercised. An option may be exercised at any time during the period to be determined and identified by the Board
to each grantee at the time of making an offer for the grant of an option, but in any event no later than 10 years from the date of
grant but subject to the early termination of the Share Option Scheme. There is no performance target which must be achieved
before an option can be exercised under the terms and conditions of the Share Option Scheme unless the Directors otherwise
determined and stated in the offer letter for the grant of options.

The subscription price for Shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined at the discretion of the Directors but in any
event will not be less than the highest of (a) the closing price of the Shares on the Stock Exchange as shown in the daily quotations
sheet of the Stock Exchange on the offer date of the particular option, which must be a business day; (b) the average of the closing
prices of the Shares as shown in the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding
the offer date of that particular option; and (c) the nominal value of a Share on the offer date of the particular option.

The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective commencing from the adoption date of the Share Option Scheme until the
close of business of the Company on the date which falls ten years from the date of the adoption of the Share Option Scheme.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        39
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Details of movements in the share options under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                   Closing    average
                                                                                                                     price     closing
                                                                                                                 per Share    price of
                                                                                                                      prior      Share
                                     Outstanding                                        Outstanding                 to the     before
                                           as at Granted Exercised Cancelled    Lapsed        as at Exercise      grant of     date of
Category and                             1 April  during   during     during     during 31 March price per           share exercise of
name of grantee     Date of grant          2023 the year the year the year     the year       2024    Share        options    options    Exercise period
Directors
Mr. Lang (Note 1)   24 March 2023     4,500,000        –         –         –          – 4,500,000      HK$2.70    HK$2.69         N/A    24 March 2024 to
                                                                                                                                           23 March 2026

Mr. Liu Chun        17 August 2020    3,000,000        –         –         – (3,000,000)          –    HK$1.00    HK$0.88         N/A    17 August 2020 to
  (Note 2)                                                                                                                                 16 August 2023

Employee(s) of      17 August 2020    1,500,000        –         –         – (1,500,000)          –    HK$1.00    HK$0.88         N/A    17 August 2020 to
  the Group                                                                                                                                16 August 2023
                    19 November 2020 23,500,000        –         –         – (23,500,000)         –    HK$2.50    HK$2.30         N/A    19 November 2020
                                                                                                                                           to 18 November
                                                                                                                                           2023
                    24 March 2023    22,100,000        –         –         –          – 22,100,000     HK$2.70    HK$2.69         N/A    24 March 2024 to
                                                                                                                                           23 March 2026

Other               17 August 2020    1,500,000        –         –         – (1,500,000)          –    HK$1.00    HK$0.88         N/A    17 August 2020 to
  participant(s)                                                                                                                           16 August 2023
  (Note 3)
Total                                56,100,000        –         –         – (29,500,000) 26,600,000


Notes:

1.       Mr. Lang is an executive Director.

2.       Mr. Liu Chun is an independent non-executive Director.

3.       Such options were grant to Ms. Pan Youzhen, a consultant, who has over 20 years’ working experience in banking and financial services
         industry in the PRC and extended knowledge of cross-border investments. Granting the options to her provided incentive for her commitment
         to develop the Group’s financial services business and align her interest with the Company and its Shareholders.


Save as disclosed above, no share options were granted or exercised or cancelled or lapsed during the year ended 31 March 2024.




40        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SHARE AWARD SCHEME
A share award scheme was adopted by the Company on 8 September 2020 (the “Share Award Scheme”). The Share Award Scheme
is (i) to recognise the contributions by the participants and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the
continual operation and development of the Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.
The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to administration of the Board and DL Securities (HK) Limited, the trustee in accordance
with the rules of the Share Award Scheme and the trust deed in relation thereto. The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights
in respect of any Shares held by it under the trust (including but not limited to the awarded shares, any bonus Shares and scrip
Shares derived therefrom).

The eligible participants of the Share Award Scheme include any employee (including without limitation any executive director) of
any member of the Group, any non-executive director or proposed non-executive director (including independent non-executive
director) of any member of the Group or any entity in which any member of the Group holds any equity interest (the “Invested
Entity”), any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity, any customer of the Group or any
Invested Entity, any person or entity that provides or will provide research, development, consultancy, advisory services or other
technological support to the Group or any Invested Entity, any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or
any holder of any securities issued or proposed to be issued by any member of the Group or any Invested Entity, any other group
or class of participants from time to time determined by the Directors as having contributed or may contribute by way of joint
venture, business alliances, consultancy, advisory services or other business arrangements to the development and growth of the
Group and any person or entity, who, at the sole determination of the Directors, has contributed to the Group.

The Board shall not make any further award of awarded shares which will result in the nominal value of the Shares awarded by
the Board under the Share Award Scheme exceeding 10% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time, being
up to a total of 151,832,635 Shares as at the date of this annual report. As at the date of this annual report, pursuant to rules of
the Share Award Scheme, the number of Shares available for grant under the scheme mandate is 150,831,151 (31 March 2023:
144,770,635), representing approximately 9.91% of the issued share capital as at the date of this annual report. The maximum
number of shares which may be awarded to a selected participant under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 1%. of the
issued share capital of the Company from time to time in any 12-month period.

The awarded shares made pursuant to the Share Award Scheme shall be personal to the selected participant to whom it is made
and shall not be assignable and no selected participant shall in any way sell, transfer, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any
interest in favour of any other person over or in relation to the unvested awarded shares.

The Board may from time to time give instructions to the trustee to purchase Shares on the Stock Exchange, specifying the maximum
amount of funds to be used and the range of prices at which such Shares are to be purchased. The Board shall not make any grant
of awarded shares or give instructions to the trustee to acquire Shares when dealings in the Shares are prohibited under any code
or securities dealing restrictions adopted by the Company or requirement of the Listing Rules; or where such grant or instruction
would breach any applicable laws from time to time.

The Share Award Scheme does not specify a minimum vesting period. The Board may, at its discretion, determine the vesting
conditions or periods for the share award to be vested. No payment by the selected participant is required for acceptance of the
share award granted under the Share Award Scheme.

The relevant awarded shares shall not vest in the relevant selected participants in the following circumstances: (i) where such
person is an employee and has committed any act of fraud or dishonesty or serious misconduct; or (ii) where such person is not an
employee and such person has breached any term of any contract entered into between such person and the Group; or (iii) where
such person has been declared or adjudged to be bankrupt by a competent court; or (iv) where such person has been convicted of
any criminal offence or any offence under SFO. In respect of a selected participant who died or retired by agreement on or before
the vesting date, all the awarded shares of the relevant selected participant shall be deemed to be vested on the day immediately
prior to his death or to his retirement.


                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       41
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Unless otherwise terminated, the Share Award Scheme should be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing from
its adoption on 8 September 2020.

Details of the rules of the Share Award Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcements on 8 September 2020 and 15
September 2020.

Details of movements in the awarded shares under the Share Award Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                          Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                                          Closing
                                                                                                                                                            price     Fair value
                                                                                                                                                        per Share     of awards
                                                                   Unvested                                                     Unvested              immediately     per Share
                                                                   awarded                                                      awarded                    before    at the date
                                                                     shares                                                       shares               the date of      of grant
                                                                       as at   Granted       Vested      Cancelled    Lapsed       as at                    grant        during
                                           Vesting                   1 April    during       during         during    during    31 March   Purchase        during      the year
Category                 Date of grant     period                     2023     the year    the year       the year   the year      2024       price      the year       (Note 1)

Employee(s) of the Group 29 September 2023 29 September 2023              –    354,484            –             –          –     354,484         –        HK$3.50       HK$3.50
                                             – 29 September 2024

Total                                                                     –    354,484            –             –          –     354,484


Notes:

1.         The fair value of the awarded shares was calculated based on the market price of the Shares at the respective grant date. The Group has
           adopted the accounting standard in accordance with HKFRS 2 – Share-based Payment and for the details of accounting policy applied,
           please refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report.

2.         There are no performance targets attached to the awards granted during the Reporting Period.


During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company granted 354,484 shares (2023: 423,000 shares) under the Share Award Scheme.
As at 31 March 2024, the Company had 64,799,916 Shares held under the Share Award Scheme (31 March 2023: 65,154,400
Shares). During the year ended 31 March 2024, the trustee of the Share Award Scheme, being a subsidiary of the Company, did
not purchase any shares.

As at 31 March 2024, the number of Shares available for future issue under all scheme mandates (including the Share Option
Scheme and Share Award Scheme) is 116,057,616 (31 March 2023: 116,057,616). The number of Shares that may be issued in respect
of options and awards granted under all scheme mandates (including the Share Option Scheme and Share Award Scheme) during
the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue for the Reporting Period is approximately 8.3%.




42          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Details of the transactions during the year between the Group and connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) in which
the Director has beneficial interest are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the section
headed “Report of the Directors – Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions” of this annual report.

Save as disclosed above, no Director or any entity connected with any Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
in any transactions, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the business of the Group, to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or its parent companies or subsidiaries of its parent companies was a party, which subsisted during or at
the end of the year ended 31 March 2024.


CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
Save as disclosed in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the section headed “Report of the Directors
– Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions” of this annual report, no contracts of significance in relation to
the Group’s business between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries, nor
contract of significance in relation to the Group’s business for provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by a
controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries, subsisted during or at the end of the year ended 31 March 2024.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
For the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, none of the Directors or any of their respective close
associates, engaged in any business that competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
Group, or had any other conflict of interest with the Group.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Under the Articles, and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, the Directors and officers of the Group shall be indemnified
out of the assets and profits of the Company from or against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they
or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices. During the year ended 31 March 2024
and up to the date of this annual report, such indemnity provision was in force. The Company has taken out and maintained
appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against the Directors.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of related party transactions of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in note 36 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report. Each of these related party transactions constituted a connected transaction or continuing
connected transaction as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 March 2024. The Company confirms
that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31
March 2024 other than those connected transactions which are fully exempted under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         43
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS/CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Please refer to the section headed “Material Acquisitions or Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures” under
Management Discussion and Analysis in this annual report for the connected transaction in relation to the acquisition of the
remaining 55.0% equity interest in DL Family Office HK.

Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the following transactions are continuing connected transactions which are subject
to the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

On 29 December 2023, DL Family Office HK, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an advisory agreement
(the “Advisory Agreement”) with Mr. Chen, pursuant to which, DL Family Office HK was appointed as the advisor of Mr. Chen for
the provision of advisory services for a term commencing from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026.

Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the management fees are charged at 0.5% per annum of the net asset portfolio value. The
annual caps under the Advisory Agreement for each of the years ending 31 December 2024, 2025 and 2026 was HK$9.5 million,
HK$9.5 million and HK$9.5 million, respectively. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29
December 2023.

The Directors believe that the entering into of the Advisory Agreement will allow the Group to leverage on the extensive advisory
experiences of DL Family Office HK to continue provide advisory services to Mr. Chen and is in line with the Company’s policy to
broaden the revenue base of the Group and provide a stable source of revenue to the Group.

As at the date of this annual report, DA Wolf directly owned 535,808,134 Shares, representing approximately 35.29% of all issued
Shares as at the date of this annual report. Mr. Chen, being the sole shareholder of DA Wolf, was deemed to be interested in the
total of 535,808,134 Shares held by DA Wolf. Mr. Chen also held 17,791,666 Shares as beneficial owner.

As at the date of this annual report, Rapid Raise, a company wholly-owned by DL Family Office Global Limited as at the date of this
annual report, of which approximately 36.6% of the issued share capital was held by Ms. Jiang, directly held 226,124,966 Shares,
representing approximately 14.89% of all issued Shares as at the date of this annual report. Accordingly, Ms. Jiang was deemed to
be interested in the 226,124,966 Shares held by Rapid Raise. Ms. Jiang also held 203,333 Shares as beneficial owner. By virtue of
the SFO, Mr. Chen, being the spouse of Ms. Jiang, was deemed to be interested in all Shares held by Ms. Jiang.

Accordingly, as at the date of this annual report, Mr. Chen is deemed to be beneficially interested in 779,928,099 Shares, representing
approximately 51.37% of the issued share capital of the Company.

Mr. Chen is an executive Director and a substantial shareholder of the Company as defined under the Listing Rules and therefore is a
connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Advisory Agreement constitute continuing
connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and are subject to the reporting, announcement
and annual review requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but are exempted from the independent shareholders’
approval requirements under Rule 14A.76(2) of the Listing Rules.

Confirmation of Independent Non-executive Directors
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected
transactions of the Group and confirmed that such transaction has been entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)    on normal or better commercial terms; and

(iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them and on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests
        of the Shareholders as a whole.




44       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Confirmation from the Company’s Auditor
Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the continuing
connected transactions of the Group. The Board has received a letter from the auditor of the Company with respect to the above
continuing connected transactions and the letter stated for the year ended 31 March 2024, nothing has come to the auditor’s
attention that causes them to believe the continuing connected transactions:

(i)     have not been approved by the Board;

(ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, were not, in all material respects, in accordance
        with the pricing policies of the Group;

(iii)   were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing such transactions; and

(iv)    have exceeded the relevant annual caps as set by the Company.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the latest
practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, at least 25% of the issued Shares were held by the public (i.e. the prescribed
public float applicable to the Company under the Listing Rules) at all times for the year ended 31 March 2024 and thereafter up
to the date of this annual report.

TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the Shares.

AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024 have been audited by Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
who will hold office until the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM.

An ordinary resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM regarding the appointment of auditor of the Company.

                                                                                            By Order of the Board
                                                                                              Mr. Chen Ningdi
                                                                           Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 26 June 2024




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         45
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the members of DL Holdings Group Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of DL Holdings Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together,
the “Group”) set out on pages 57 to 149, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2024, and
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 March 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




46     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key Audit Matter                                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit

Impairment assessment of receivables

Refer to notes 2.9, 4.2, 22, 23 and 40.4 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 March 2024, the Group has trade and other receivables Our audit procedures to assess the impairment assessment of
of HK$266,946,000 and loan and interest receivables of receivables included:
HK$132,068,000, net of expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance of
HK$2,642,000 and HK$8,364,000 respectively.                          • reviewing the Group’s procedures on credit policy given
                                                                       to customers;
ECL allowance for trade receivables, except for margin receivables,
are based on management’s estimate of the lifetime ECL to be •         checking the correctness of the ageing analysis by customer
incurred, which is estimated by taking into account the historical     on a sample basis;
credit loss experience, existing market conditions as well as
forward-looking estimates, all of which involve a significant degree • evaluating the external valuer’s competence, capabilities
of management judgement.                                               and objectivity;

                                                                   •     obtaining an understanding from the valuer about the
                                                                         valuation methodology and key assumptions used in
                                                                         the valuation of ECL allowance for loans and interests
                                                                         receivables;

                                                                   •     assessing the reasonableness of management’s ECL
                                                                         allowance estimates by examining the information used
                                                                         by management to form such judgements, including
                                                                         testing the accuracy of the historical default data with
                                                                         the involvement of our internal valuation team, evaluating
                                                                         whether the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted
                                                                         based on current economic conditions and forward-
                                                                         looking information and examining the actual losses
                                                                         recorded during the current financial year and assessing
                                                                         whether there was an indication of management bias
                                                                         when recognising ECL allowance;




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        47
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit

Impairment assessment of receivables (Continued)

Refer to notes 2.9, 4.2, 22, 23 and 40.4 to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

The Group assesses ECL allowance for margin receivables, other •        reviewing the Group’s credit policies on protection
receivables and loan and interest receivables based on an estimate      of the Group against the identified risks including the
of the recoverability of these receivables.                             requirements to obtain collateral from borrowers, robust
                                                                        ongoing credit assessment of borrowers and monitoring
Assessing the ECL of margin receivables, other receivables and loan     exposures against internal risk limits;
and interest receivables requires the management’s judgement
and uses of estimates in determining the probability of default •       on a sample basis, testing the values of collaterals including
occurring by considering the ageing of receivables, historical loss     pledged securities and properties of margin receivables
experience and forward-looking information.                             accounts and mortgage loans respectively; and

We have identified the ECL assessment of trade and other •              on a sample basis, reviewing and questioning credit
receivables and loan and interest receivables as a key audit matter     profiles and reports of selected customers.
because of the assessment involves significant management’s
judgement and use of estimates.




48     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit

Assessment of control over structured entities

Refer to notes 2.3, 4.1 and 38 to the consolidated financial statements

The Group acquires or retains an ownership interest in, or act as an Our audit procedures to assess control over structured entities
investment manager of, structured entities. The Group determines included:
whether or not to consolidate these structured entities based
on the assessment of whether the Group has control over the •             reviewing the legal structures and reading the relevant
structured entities by taking into consideration of power arising         constituent documents of these structured entities
from rights, exposure of variable returns and the linkage between         to assess the power held by the Group in making key
power and returns.                                                        operating and financing decisions and its exposure for
                                                                          variable returns from these structured entities;
The assessment of the Group’s control over structured entities
involves significant judgement on factors, such as the purpose •          evaluating the risk and reward structure of the structured
and design of structured entities, its ability to direct the relevant     entities including any return guarantee, commission
activities, direct and indirect beneficial interests and returns,         basis and distribution of returns and assessing the
remuneration and performance fee.                                         management’s judgement as to exposure and right to
                                                                          variable returns from the Group’s involvement;
Due to the significance of the structured entities and the complexity
of judgement exercised by the management, we identified the •             evaluating the power held by other parties which allow the
control assessment of structured entities as a key audit matter.          removal of the Group as the general partner or investment
                                                                          manager and assessing whether the rights held by other
                                                                          parties are substantive; and

                                                                   •      identifying if substantive rights held by any other parties
                                                                          in the structured entities, in combination with the Group’s
                                                                          decision-making power and its level of exposure to the
                                                                          variable returns, constituted control by the Group over
                                                                          these structured entities on a case by case basis.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        49
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit

Fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments

Refer to notes 2.8, 4.2, 20 and 40.7 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 March 2024, the Group’s financial assets at fair value Our audit procedures to assess the fair value measurement of
through profit or loss categorised as Level 3 amounting to Level 3 financial instruments included:
approximately HK$115,243,000.
                                                                 •   evaluating whether the valuation methodologies,
Due to the significance of the judgement and estimates made by       inputs and assumptions adopted by management were
the management and the subjectivity in determination of Level        appropriate;
3 fair value given the lack of availability of market-based data
and the significant unobservable inputs, we identified the fair •    evaluating the rationale of management’s judgement on
value measurements of Level 3 financial instruments as a key         the significant unobservable inputs;
audit matter.
                                                                 •   testing the evidence supporting the unobservable inputs
                                                                     used in the Level 3 fair value measurements;

                                                                  •     evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity
                                                                        of the valuer engaged by the Group by assessing its
                                                                        qualifications, relevant experience and relationship with
                                                                        the Group;

                                                                  •     assessing the reasonableness of significant unobservable
                                                                        inputs used in the valuation with the assistance from our
                                                                        valuation expert by comparing them to publicly available
                                                                        information of similar properties; and

                                                                  •     evaluating the adequacy of the Level 3 fair value
                                                                        measurement disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                        statements.




50     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit

Assessment of goodwill impairment

Refer to notes 2.7, 2.18, 4.2 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 March 2024, the Group had goodwill of HK$226,430,000, Our audit procedures to assess goodwill impairment included:
net of impairment of HK$1,335,000, primarily in relation to the
Group’s acquisition of subsidiaries. Management has assessed the •     understanding the internal control over the impairment
goodwill impairment and no impairment losses of goodwill was           assessment of goodwill and assessed the inherent risk
recognised for the year then ended.                                    of material misstatement by considering the degree of
                                                                       estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent risk
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, or when there are          factors, such as complexity, subjectivity, changes and
events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be           susceptibility to management bias or fraud;
impaired. For the purpose of impairment assessment, goodwill
was allocated to each group of cash-generated units. Management •      evaluating the competency, capabilities and objectivity of
assessed impairment of goodwill with the assistance of an              the external valuer;
independent external valuer and determined the recoverable
amounts based on a value-in-use calculation using cash flow •          evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology and
projections based on financial budgets approved by management.         the reasonableness of key assumptions adopted with the
The key assumptions considered primarily include (i) compound          involvement of our internal valuation team;
annual growth rate of revenue, (ii) earnings before income tax
(iii) average trade receivables turnover days, (iv) long-term growth • challenging and assessing the reasonableness of the
rate, and (v) pre-tax discount rate.                                   key assumptions adopted by management as below: (i)
                                                                       evaluate the historical estimation accuracy of the cash
                                                                       flow forecast; (ii) evaluate the reasonableness of the key
                                                                       assumptions used in the cash flow forecast; and (iii) assess
                                                                       the pre-tax discount rate with reference to comparable
                                                                       listed companies based on our industry knowledge and
                                                                       independent research done by our internal valuation
                                                                       team;




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       51
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit

Assessment of goodwill impairment (Continued)

Refer to notes 2.7, 2.18, 4.2 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

We identified this area as a key audit matter because of •              evaluating the reasonableness of the sensitivity analysis
the significance of the goodwill balance and the significant            performed by management on the key assumptions to
judgements and estimates made by the management in the                  understand the impact of the reasonable changes in
goodwill impairment assessment. The inherent risk in relation           assumptions on the recoverable amount;
to the impairment assessment of goodwill is considered significant
due to the complexity of the impairment models and subjectivity •       assessing the adequacy of the disclosures related to
of significant assumptions used.                                        impairment assessment of goodwill; and

                                                                  •     considering whether the judgements made in selecting the
                                                                        methodology and the key assumptions would give rise to
                                                                        indicators of possible management bias.




52     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit

Purchase price allocation for a business combination

Refer to notes 2.3, 4.2 and 37 to the consolidated financial statements

During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group completed Our audit procedures to purchase price allocation for a business
an acquisition of DL Family Office (HK) Limited which has been combination included:
consolidated by the Group since its acquisition date. Management
engaged an external valuer to assist in identifying the intangible •    inspecting the relevant share purchase agreement and
assets and to perform the valuation of the identifiable assets          evaluating management’s accounting treatment for the
acquired and liabilities assumed of the acquired company at             acquisition with reference to the terms set out in the
the acquisition date, based on which, management performed a            share purchase agreement and the prevailing accounting
purchase price allocation exercise for the acquisition. The exercise    standards;
resulted in the recognition of, amongst others, intangible assets of
HK$86,997,000, being identified customer relationships and SFC •        evaluating the competency, capabilities and objectivity of
License Types 4 and 9, and goodwill of HK$207,033,000, being            the external valuer;
the excess of considerations transferred and the amount of pre-
existing interest in the acquiree over the fair value of identifiable • evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology and
net assets.                                                             the reasonableness of key assumptions adopted with the
                                                                        involvement of our internal valuation team;
We identified the purchase price allocation for a business
combination as a key audit matter because of the significance of •      challenging and assessing the reasonableness of the
the customer relationships, SFC License Types 4 and 9 and goodwill      key assumptions adopted by management as below: (i)
recognised from the business combination, and the significant           evaluate the historical estimation accuracy of the cash
judgements and estimates made by the management in the fair             flow forecast; (ii) evaluate the reasonableness of the key
value assessment of the identified customer relationships and           assumptions used in the cash flow forecast; and (iii) assess
SFC License Types 4 and 9. The inherent risk in relation to the         the pre-tax discount rate with reference to comparable
purchase price allocation for a business combination is considered      listed companies based on our industry knowledge and
significant due to the complexity of the valuation models and           independent research done by our internal valuation
subjectivity of significant assumptions used.                           team; and

                                                                   •      assessing the adequacy of the disclosures related to
                                                                          business combination.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       53
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information in the 2023/2024
annual report of the Company but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance
with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirement of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal
control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors assisted by the Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




54     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagements and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:

•     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override
      of internal control.

•     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
      are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
      the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
      and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        55
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
11th Floor, Lee Garden Two
28 Yun Ping Road
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong SAR

26 June 2024

Ng Ka Kong
Practising Certificate No.: P06919




56      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                        Notes                HK$’000                HK$’000

Revenue                                                                   5                  202,353                191,116
Cost of sales/services                                                    7                  (71,896)               (88,476)
Gross profit                                                                                 130,457                102,640
Other gains/(losses), net                                                 6                   99,343                    (37,669)
Selling expenses                                                          7                    (1,298)                   (1,854)
General and administrative expenses                                       7                 (111,053)                   (96,015)
Expected credit loss of receivables, net                                  7                    (8,363)                   (1,660)
Share of profit of an associate                                           21                    8,492                     1,197
Operating profit/(loss)                                                                      117,578                    (33,361)
Finance income                                                            12                   3,254                        715
Finance costs                                                             12                 (15,995)                   (11,113)
Finance costs, net                                                                            (12,741)                  (10,398)
Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                              104,837                    (43,759)
Income tax expense                                                        13                  (4,934)                    (5,418)
Profit/(Loss) for the year                                                                    99,903                    (49,177)
Other comprehensive expense, including reclassification
   adjustments
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                        (131)                     (289)
Other comprehensive expense for the year, including
  reclassification adjustments                                                                   (131)                     (289)
Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to the owners
  of the Company for the year                                                                 99,772                    (49,466)

Earnings/(Loss) per share attributable to owners of the Company
  (expressed in HK cents per share)
– Basic                                                                  15.1                    7.17                     (3.52)
– Diluted                                                                15.2                    7.12                     (3.52)




                                                                  DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       57
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 March 2024

                                                                             2024     2023
                                                              Notes       HK$’000   HK$’000

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                  16           2,546     2,058
Right-of-use assets                                            17             446     4,776
Intangible assets                                              18          96,046    12,248
Goodwill                                                       18         226,430    19,397
Deferred tax assets                                            19             321       256
Deposits                                                       22               –       140
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          20         152,653   133,686
Interest in an associate                                       21               –    64,197
                                                                          478,442   236,758
Current assets
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and deposits          22         267,970   146,997
Loan and interest receivables                                  23         132,068   183,248
Bank balances – trust                                          24         158,110   244,179
Cash and cash equivalents                                      24          39,842    83,504
                                                                          597,990   657,928
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                       27         226,068   263,328
Promissory notes                                               28          36,163    14,856
Bank borrowing                                                 29          51,000    50,000
Bonds payable                                                  30          20,000    64,000
Lease liabilities                                              31             468     4,140
Income tax payable                                                          8,655    21,224
                                                                          342,354   417,548
Net current assets                                                        255,636   240,380
Total assets less current liabilities                                     734,078   477,138
Non-current liabilities
Promissory notes                                               28         135,388        –
Bonds payable                                                  30          64,000    41,000
Lease liabilities                                              31               –       390
Deferred tax liabilities                                       19          13,725         –
                                                                          213,113    41,390
Net assets                                                                520,965   435,748

Equity
Share capital                                                  25          14,539    14,539
Other reserves                                                            217,184   228,116
Retained earnings                                                         289,242   193,093
Total equity                                                              520,965   435,748




                           Chen Ningdi                                Ai Kuiyu
                             Director                                 Director

58      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                                         Other reserves
                                                                                                   Share held
                                                                            Share        Share      for share
                                                   Share        Share     options       award           award Translation       Capital    Retained      Total
                                                  capital   premium *     reserve *    reserve *      scheme *    reserve *    reserve *   earnings     equity
                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000
                                                             (note 26)   (note 26)    (note 26)      (note 26)   (note 26)    (note 26)

Balance as at 1 April 2022                        14,301     354,734       11,222            –       (115,660)          13          10      261,541    526,161
Loss for the year                                      –            –           –            –              –            –           –      (49,177)    (49,177)
Other comprehensive expense for the year               –            –           –            –              –         (289)          –            –        (289)
Loss and total comprehensive expense
  for the year                                         –            –           –            –              –         (289)          –      (49,177)    (49,466)
Share based payment                                    –            –      15,506            –              –            –           –            –     15,506
Acquisition of shares under Share Award Scheme
   (note 11)                                           –            –           –            –        (38,354)           –           –            –     (38,354)
Shares granted under Share Award Scheme
   (note (a))                                          –         189            –            –            983            –           –            –      1,172
Issuance of shares under Share Option Scheme
   (note 25(a))                                      238         (238)          –            –              –            –           –            –           –
Dividend paid (note 14)                                –            –           –            –              –            –           –      (19,271)    (19,271)
Transactions with owners                             238          (49)     15,506            –        (37,371)           –           –      (19,271)    (40,947)
Balance as at 31 March 2023                       14,539     354,685       26,728            –       (153,031)        (276)         10      193,093    435,748

Balance as at 1 April 2023                       14,539      354,685      26,728             –      (153,031)         (276)         10     193,093     435,748
Profit for the year                                    –            –           –            –              –            –           –      99,903      99,903
Other comprehensive expense for the year               –            –           –            –              –         (131)          –           –        (131)
Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year                                         –            –           –            –              –         (131)          –      99,903      99,772
Shares granted under Share Award Scheme
  (note 11)                                            –            –           –         421               –            –           –            –        421
Lapse of employee share option                         –            –    (11,222)           –               –            –           –       11,222          –
Dividend paid (note 14)                                –            –          –            –               –            –           –      (14,976)   (14,976)
Transactions with owners                               –            –    (11,222)         421               –            –           –       (3,754)   (14,555)
Balance as at 31 March 2024                      14,539      354,685      15,506          421       (153,031)         (407)         10     289,242     520,965


*       Other reserves comprise the Group’s reserves of HK$217,184,000 (2023: HK$228,116,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024                  59
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                               2024         2023
                                                                    Notes   HK$’000       HK$’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash (used in)/generated from operations                            34(a)    (15,561)     198,837
Income tax paid                                                              (18,097)      (4,231)
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                       (33,658)     194,606
Cash flows from investing activities
Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash paid                       37      (59,128)      (13,587)
Addition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              (4,000)     (23,413)
Acquisition of an associate                                                         –      (63,000)
Dividend received                                                              1,022            12
Interest income received                                                       3,254           715
Increase in amount due from an investee company                                    –          (373)
Increase in amounts due from related parties                                  (5,340)          (16)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                    (1,307)         (420)
Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                272       50,036
Net cash used in investing activities                                        (65,227)      (50,046)
Cash flows from financing activities
Acquisition of shares under Share Award Scheme                                      –      (38,354)
Capital element of lease rentals paid                               34(b)      (4,154)      (6,883)
Dividend paid                                                                (14,976)      (19,271)
(Decrease)/Increase in amounts due to related parties               34(b)        (138)         138
Proceeds from short-term bank borrowing                             34(b)     41,000             –
Repayment of short-term bank borrowing                              34(b)    (40,000)      (30,000)
Interest paid                                                       34(b)    (13,239)      (10,901)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                              34(b)          (52)       (176)
Proceeds from issuance of bonds payable                             34(b)     43,000        25,000
Repayment of bonds payable                                          34(b)    (64,000)      (13,000)
Proceeds from issuance of promissory notes                          34(b)     22,350        14,820
Repayment of promissory notes                                       34(b)      (1,000)     (25,000)
Shares granted under the Share Award Scheme                                       421        1,172
Net cash used in financing activities                                        (30,788)     (102,455)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                        (129,673)      42,105
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                               327,683      285,578
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                           (58)          –
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                             24     197,952       327,683




60     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
      DL Holdings Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 11 May 2015 as an exempted company
      with limited liability under the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.
      The Company has established a place of business in Hong Kong at Unit 2902, Vertical Square, 28 Heung Yip Road, Wong Chuk
      Hang, Hong Kong. The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

      The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are principally engaged in
      (i) provision of financial services of licensed businesses including financial advisory services; securities research services;
      securities trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; investment management and advisory
      services; and insurance brokerage services to customers; (ii) provision of family office services, investment advisory, assets
      management services and referral services for ultra-high net worth families; (iii) provision of money lending services to
      customers; (iv) sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions to customers; and
      (v) provision of enterprise solutions services.

      The immediate holding company and ultimate holding company of the Company is DA Wolf Investments I Limited (“DA
      Wolf”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

      These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.

      The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024 were approved for issue by the board of Directors
      on 26 June 2024.


2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      2.1 Basis of preparation
            These annual consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
            Standards (“HKFRSs”) which collective term includes all applicable individual HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards
            (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the
            accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong.

            The consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
            Companies Ordinance and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”).

            The adoption of new and amended HKFRSs and the impacts on the Group’s consolidated financial statements, if any,
            are disclosed in note 3.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for financial assets at
            fair value through profit or loss (“financial assets at FVTPL”) which are stated at fair value. The measurement bases
            are fully described in the accounting policies below.

            It should be noted that accounting estimates and assumptions are used in preparation of the consolidated financial
            statements. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge and judgement of current events and
            actions, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement
            or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are
            disclosed in note 4.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.2 Basis of consolidation
            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made
            up to 31 March each year, except for subsidiaries which financial year made up to 31 December each year.

            Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed, or has
            rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
            power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power over the entity, only substantive rights relating
            to the entity (held by the Group and others) are considered.

            The Group includes the income and expenses of a subsidiary in the consolidated financial statements from the date
            it gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. The financial year of the subsidiary,
            which is acquired during the year, made up to 31 March each year. For consolidation purpose, the income and expenses
            from the acquisition date to 31 March 2024 are included in the consolidated financial statements.

            Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses on transactions between group companies are
            eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Where unrealised losses on intra-group asset sales are
            reversed on consolidation, the underlying asset is also tested for impairment from the Group’s perspective. Amounts
            reported in the financial statements of subsidiaries have been adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with
            the accounting policies adopted by the Group.

            When the Group losses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
            with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the
            date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition
            of a financial asset.

            In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less any impairment
            loss (see note 2.18) unless the subsidiary is held for sale or included in a disposal group. Cost is adjusted to reflect
            changes in consideration arising from contingent consideration amendments. Cost also includes direct attributable
            costs of investment.

            The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends received and receivable at the
            end of the reporting period. All dividends whether received out of the investee’s pre or post-acquisition profits are
            recognised in the Company’s profit or loss.

            A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
            deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only, and key activities
            are directed by contractual agreement. Structured entities often have restricted activities and a narrow and well defined
            objective. Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities is disclosed in note 38.




62     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.3 Acquisition of subsidiaries
            Business combinations
            Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
            transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition
            date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
            acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition related costs
            are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

            The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input
            and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process
            is considered substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include
            an organised workforce with necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform that process or it significantly
            contributes to the ability to continue producing outputs and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced
            without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

            Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
            limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

            Consideration transferred as part of a business combination does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-
            existing relationships. The gain or loss on the settlement of any pre-existing relationship is recognised in profit or loss.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
            interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity in the acquiree (if any) over the
            net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If, after reassessment,
            the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum
            of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value on
            the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss
            as bargain purchase gain.

            Where the consideration the Group transfers in a business combination includes assets or liabilities resulting from
            a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition date fair value
            and considered as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the
            contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively, with the
            corresponding adjustments being made against goodwill or gain on bargain purchase. Measurement period adjustments
            are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the measurement period about facts and
            circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. Measurement period does not exceed one year from the acquisition
            date. The subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do not qualify as
            measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration
            that is classified as equity is not subsequently remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement
            is accounting for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as a financial liability is subsequently
            remeasured at each subsequent reporting dates at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

            Changes in the value of the previously held equity interest recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
            in equity before the acquisition date are reclassified to profit or loss when the Group obtains control over the acquiree.

            If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
            combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete.
            Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see above), or additional assets or liabilities
            are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition
            date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.


                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4 Associate
            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence, which is the power to participate in the financial
            and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control of those policies.

            In consolidated financial statements, an investment in an associate is initially recognised at cost and subsequently
            accounted for using the equity method. Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the net fair value
            of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the associate recognised at the date of acquisition
            is recognised as goodwill. The goodwill is included within the carrying amount of the investment and is assessed for
            impairment as part of the investment. The cost of acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair values, at the
            date of exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed and equity instruments issued by the Group, plus any
            costs directly attributable to the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
            assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over the cost of acquisition, after reassessment, is recognised immediately
            in profit or loss in the determination of the Group’s share of the associate’s profit or loss in the period in which the
            investment is acquired.

            Under the equity method, the Group’s interest in the associate is carried at cost and adjusted for the post-acquisition
            changes in the Group’s share of the associate’s net assets less any identified impairment loss, unless it is classified as
            held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale). The profit or loss for the year includes
            the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the associate for the year, including any impairment loss
            on the investment in associate recognised for the year. The Group’s other comprehensive income for the year includes
            its share of the associate’s other comprehensive income for the year.

            Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associate are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest
            in the associates. Where unrealised losses on assets sales between the Group and its associate are reversed on equity
            accounting, the underlying asset is also tested for impairment from the Group’s perspective. Where the associate uses
            accounting policies other than those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances, adjustments
            are made, where necessary, to conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the Group when the associate’s
            financial statements are used by the Group in applying the equity method.

            When the Group’s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group does not
            recognise further losses, unless it has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
            associate. For this purpose, the Group’s interest in the associate is the carrying amount of the investment under the
            equity method together with the Group’s other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net
            investment in the associate, after applying the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model to such other long-term interests
            where applicable.

            After the application of equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an additional
            impairment loss on the Group’s investment in its associate. At the end of each reporting period, the Group determines
            whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in associate is impaired. If such indications are identified,
            the Group calculates the amount of impairment as being the difference between the recoverable amount (i.e. higher of
            value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) of the associate and its carrying amount. In determining the value in
            use of the investment, the Group estimates its share of the present value of the estimated future cash flows expected
            to be generated by the associate, including cash flows arising from the operations of the associate and the proceeds
            on ultimate disposal of the investment.




64     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4 Associate (Continued)
            The Group discontinues the use of equity method from the date when it ceases to have significant influence over an
            associate. If the retained interest in that former associate is a financial asset, the retained interest is measured at
            fair value, which is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition as a financial asset in accordance with HKFRS 9.
            The difference between (i) the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of partial interest
            in the associate; and (ii) the carrying amount of the investment at the date the equity method was discontinued, is
            recognised in the profit or loss.


      2.5 Foreign currency translation
            Functional and presentation currency
            Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
            primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The functional currency of
            the Company is Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$ for convenience
            purpose which is the Group’s presentation currency.

            In the individual financial statements of the consolidated entities, foreign currency transactions are translated into
            the functional currency of the individual entity using the exchanges rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
            At the end of the reporting period, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated
            at the foreign exchange rates ruling at that date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
            of such transactions and from the end of the reporting period retranslation of monetary assets and liabilities are
            recognised in profit or loss.

            Transactions and balances
            Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
            dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
            from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
            are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

            Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates
            at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair value
            are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences on non-monetary assets and
            liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are recognised in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss. When a
            fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or
            loss is also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other
            comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.5 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
            Group companies
            The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-inflationary
            economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation
            currency as follows:

            (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that
                    statement of financial position;

            (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average
                    is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in
                    which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

            (iii)   all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
                    separately in the translation reserve in equity.


      2.6 Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at acquisition cost, manufacturing cost (including any cost directly
            attributable to bringing the assets to the location and condition necessary for them to be capable of operating in the
            manner intended by the Group’s management). They are subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
            and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their residual values over their estimated
            useful lives, using the straight-line method, at the following rates per annum:

            Leasehold improvements                                          Over the lease term of 3 years
            Office equipment                                                5 years
            Computer equipment                                              3 years
            Fitting and furniture                                           5 years
            Motor vehicles                                                  5 years

            Accounting policy for depreciation of right-of-use assets is set out in note 2.12.

            Estimates of residual value and useful life are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting date.

            Gain or loss arising on retirement or disposal is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the
            carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

            Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
            when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the
            item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other costs, such as
            repairs and maintenance, are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.




66     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.7 Goodwill
            Set out below are the accounting policies on goodwill arising on acquisitions of subsidiaries. Accounting for goodwill
            arising on acquisition of interest in an associate is set out in note 2.4.

            Goodwill arising in a business combination is recognised as an asset at the date that control is acquired (the acquisition
            date). Goodwill is measured as the excess of the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount
            of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
            the acquiree (if any) over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities
            measured as at the acquisition date.

            If, after reassessment, the Group’s interest in the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets exceeds the sum
            of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of
            the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit
            or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

            Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”)
            and is tested annually for impairment (see note 2.18).

            On subsequent disposal of a subsidiary, the attributable amount of goodwill capitalised is included in the determination
            of the amount of gain or loss on disposal.


      2.8 Financial instruments
            Recognition and derecognition
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions
            of the financial instrument.

            Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when
            the financial asset and substantially all of its risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised
            when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

            Financial assets
            Classification and initial measurement of financial assets
            Except for those trade receivables and loan and interest receivables that do not contain a significant financing
            component and are measured at the transaction price in accordance with HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with
            Customers”, all financial assets are initially measured at fair value, in case of a financial asset not at FVTPL, plus
            transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial
            assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

            Financial assets, other than those designated and effective as hedging instruments, are classified into the following
            categories:

            –      amortised cost; and

            –      FVTPL




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.8 Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and initial measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            The classification is determined by both:

            –      the entity’s business model for managing the financial asset; and

            –      the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.

            All income and expenses relating to financial assets that are recognised in profit or loss are presented within finance
            costs, finance income, except for ECL of trade receivables and loan and interest receivables which is presented as a
            separate line item in profit or loss.

            Subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Debt investments
            Financial assets at amortised cost
            Financial assets are measured at amortised cost if the assets meet the following conditions (and are not designated
            as FVTPL):

            –      they are held within a business model whose objective is to hold the financial assets and collect its contractual
                   cash flows; and

            –      the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                   interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            After initial recognition, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest income
            from these financial assets is included in finance income in profit or loss. Discounting is omitted where the effect of
            discounting is immaterial. The Group’s bank balances – trust, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables,
            deposits and loan and interest receivables fall into this category of financial instruments.

            Financial assets at FVTPL
            Financial assets that are held within a different business model other than “hold to collect” or “hold to collect and
            sell’ are categorised at FVTPL. Further, irrespective of business model, financial assets whose contractual cash flows
            are not solely payments of principal and interest are accounted for at FVTPL.

            Equity investments
            An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading purposes.

            Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive
            the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
            Dividends are included in the “other gains/(losses), net” in profit or loss.




68     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.8 Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial liabilities
            Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
            The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, bank borrowing, promissory notes, bonds payable
            and leases liabilities.

            Financial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) are initially measured at fair value, and, where applicable, adjusted
            for transaction costs unless the Group designated a financial liability at FVTPL.

            Subsequently, financial liabilities (other than lease liabilities) are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
            method except for derivatives which are not designated and effective as hedging instruments and financial liabilities
            designated at FVTPL, which are carried subsequently at fair value with gains or losses recognised in profit or loss.

            All interest-related charges and, if applicable, change in an instrument’s fair value that are reported in profit or loss
            are included within finance costs.

            Accounting policies of lease liabilities are set out in note 2.12.

            Bank borrowing, bonds payable and promissory notes
            Bank borrowing, bonds payable and promissory notes are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs
            incurred. Bank borrowing, bonds payable and promissory notes are subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference
            between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period
            of the bank borrowing, bonds payable and promissory notes using the effective interest method.

            Bank borrowing, bonds payable and promissory notes are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an
            unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date.

            Trade and other payables
            Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost,
            using the effective interest method.


      2.9 Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
            HKFRS 9’s impairment requirements use more forward-looking information to recognise ECL – the “ECL model”.
            Instruments within the scope included loans and other debt-type financial assets measured at amortised cost and
            trade receivables.

            The Group considers a broader range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring ECL, including past
            events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability of the future
            cash flows of the instrument.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024          69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.9 Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
            In applying this forward-looking approach, a distinction is made between:

            –      financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition or that
                   have low credit risk (“Stage 1”); and

            –      financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition and whose
                   credit risk is not low (“Stage 2”).

            “Stage 3” would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.

            “12-month ECL” are recognised for the Stage 1 category while “lifetime ECL” are recognised for the Stage 2 category.

            Measurement of the ECL is determined by a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the expected life of
            the financial instrument.

            Trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) and contract assets
            For trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) and contract assets, the Group applies a simplified approach in
            calculating ECL and recognises a ECL allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date. These are the expected
            shortfalls in contractual cash flows, considering the potential for default at any point during the life of the financial
            assets. In calculating the ECL, the Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss
            experience and external indicators, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic
            environment.

            To measure the ECL, trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) and contract assets have been grouped based
            on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and
            have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group
            has therefore concluded that the ECL rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for
            the contract assets.

            Other financial assets measured at amortised cost
            The Group measures the ECL allowance for margin receivables, other receivables, amounts due from related parties,
            deposits, bank balances – trust, cash and cash equivalents and loan and interest receivables equal to 12-month ECL,
            unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime
            ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increase in the likelihood of
            risk of default occurring since initial recognition.

            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of
            a default occurring on the financial assets at the reporting date with the risk of default occurring on the financial assets
            at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
            information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
            is available without undue cost or effort.




70     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.9 Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
            Other financial assets measured at amortised cost (Continued)
            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
            significantly:

            –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal
                   credit rating;

            –      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit
                   spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

            –      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
                   significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations; and

            –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor.

            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly
            since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable
            and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

            Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly
            since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the end of each reporting
            period. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if it has a low risk of default, the borrower has strong
            capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business
            conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual
            cash flow obligations.

            For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when (i) information developed
            internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group,
            in full (without taking into account any collateral held by the Group) or (ii) the financial assets is 90 days past due.

            Detailed analysis of the ECL assessment of trade and other receivables, deposits, loan and interest receivables and
            other financial assets measured at amortised cost are set out in note 40.4.


      2.10 Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, demand deposits with banks and short term highly liquid
            investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash
            and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of
            cash flows presentation, cash and cash equivalents which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the
            Group’s cash management.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024          71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.11 Contract liabilities and contract assets
            A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue before being unconditionally entitled to the
            consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance
            with the policy set out in note 2.9 and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become
            unconditional.

            A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related
            revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration
            before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

            For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
            contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.


      2.12 Leases
            Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee
            At inception of a contract, the Group considers whether a contract is, or contains a lease. A lease is defined as ‘a
            contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to use an identified asset (the underlying asset) for a period of
            time in exchange for consideration’. To apply this definition, the Group assesses whether the contract meets three
            key evaluations which are whether:

            –      the contract contains an identified asset, which is either explicitly identified in the contract or implicitly specified
                   by being identified at the time the asset is made available to the Group;

            –      the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified asset
                   throughout the period of use, considering its rights within the defined scope of the contract; and

            –      the Group has the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. The Group assesses
                   whether it has the right to direct ‘how and for what purpose’ the asset is used throughout the period of use.

            For contracts that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
            allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative
            stand-alone prices.

            Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
            At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the consolidated
            statement of financial position. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which is made up of the initial measurement
            of the lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs to dismantle and remove
            the underlying asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in advance of the lease commencement
            date (net of any lease incentives received).

            The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis from the lease commencement date to the earlier
            of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease term unless the Group is reasonably certain
            to obtain ownership at the end of the lease term. The Group also assesses the right-of-use assets for impairment when
            such indicator exists.

            At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments unpaid
            at that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the
            Group’s incremental borrowing rate.


72     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.12 Leases (Continued)
            Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)
            Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
            Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed payments (including in-
            substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable payments based on an index or rate, and
            amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee. The lease payments also include the exercise price
            of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payment of penalties for terminating a lease,
            if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate.

            Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for lease payments made and increased for interest
            cost on the lease liability. It is remeasured to reflect any reassessment or lease modification, or if there are changes
            in substance fixed payments.

            The Group remeasures lease liabilities whenever:

            •      there are changes in lease term or in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the related
                   lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date
                   of reassessment.

            •      the lease payments changes due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected
                   payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                   the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

            For lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based
            on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at
            the effective date of modification.

            When the lease is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is reflected in the right-of-use assets, or profit and loss
            if the right-of-use assets is already reduced to zero.

            The Group has elected to account for short-term leases using the practical expedients. Instead of recognising a right-
            of-use asset and lease liability, the payments in relation to these leases are recognised as an expense in profit or loss
            on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 month or less. Short-
            term leases comprise office rental and car park rental. Low-value assets comprise of office rental.

            On the consolidation statement of financial position, right-of-use assets have been presented in separated line item.

            Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
            value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.


      2.13 Provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event,
            and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate
            of the amount of the obligation can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the
            present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

            All provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate.



                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.13 Provisions and contingent liabilities (Continued)
            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
            reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
            more future uncertain events not wholly within the control of the Group, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
            unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

            An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations
            under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract. Provisions for onerous
            contracts are measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the
            net cost of fulfilling the contract (which includes both incremental costs and an allocation of other costs that relate
            directly to fulfilling that contract).

            Contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination which are present obligations at the date of acquisition are
            initially recognised at fair value, provided the fair value can be reliably measured. After the initial recognition at fair
            value, such contingent liabilities are recognised at the higher of the amount initially recognised, less accumulated
            amortisation where appropriate, and the amount that would be recognised in a comparable provision as described
            above. Contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that cannot be reliably fair valued or were not present
            obligations at the date of acquisition are disclosed as per above.

      2.14 Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Share capital is recognised at the amount of consideration of shares issued,
            after deducting any transaction costs associated with the issuing of shares (net of any related income tax benefit) to
            the extent they are incremental costs directly attributable to the equity transaction.

      2.15 Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
            Acquired intangible assets are recognised initially at cost. After initial recognition, intangible assets with finite useful
            lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for
            intangible assets with finite useful lives is provided on straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortisation
            commences when the intangible assets are available for use. The following useful lives are applied:

            Customer relationships                                      9 years

            The assets’ amortisation methods and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
            reporting period.

            Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.
            Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment as described below in note 2.18.

      2.16 Revenue recognition and other contract costs
            Revenue from contracts with customers
            Revenue arises mainly from the provision of financial services of licensed business, family office services business,
            money lending services, enterprise solution services, assets management services, insurance brokerage services and
            sales of apparel products.

            To determine whether to recognise revenue, the Group follows a 5-step process:

            1.     Identifying the contract with a customer

            2.     Identifying the performance obligations

            3.     Determining the transaction price


74     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.16 Revenue recognition and other contract costs (Continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
            4.   Allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations

            5.     Recognising revenue when/as performance obligation(s) are satisfied

            In all cases, the total transaction price for a contract is allocated amongst the various performance obligations based
            on their relative stand-alone selling prices. The transaction price for a contract excludes any amounts collected on
            behalf of third parties.

            Revenue is recognised either at a point in time or over time, when (or as) the Group satisfies performance obligations
            by transferring the promised goods or services to its customers.

            Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer
            for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the
            discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is
            accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which
            provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest
            expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method.

            Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

            Sales of goods
            Revenue from trading of garment and accessories for private labels and international brands is recognised when control
            of the goods has transferred, being at the point the goods are delivered to the customer’s premise and the customer
            has accepted the goods, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the goods.

            Provision of supply chain management
            Provision of supply chain management income is recognised at a point in time when the services is completed, according
            to the nature and terms of the contracts.

            Provision of financial advisory services
            Provision of one-stop platform with full range of financial advisory services and securities brokerage business which
            are regulated activities in Hong Kong under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) and licensed
            assets management service business. A subsidiary in the Group is a licensed corporation under SFO for Types 1, 4 and
            6 regulated activities. Certain subsidiaries in the Group are licensed corporation with foreign regulation on providing
            assets management services. Income from the securities brokerage is recognised at a single point in time, i.e. on a trade
            date when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling and settlement fee income arising from broking services
            is recognised when the related services are rendered. Income from financial advisory services and assets management
            services are recognised progressively over time. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation
            is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value
            of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised
            under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services. Income from
            referral services and performance fee from investment management services are recognised at a point in time when
            the services is completed, according to the nature and terms of the contracts. There are no unfulfilled obligation that
            could affect the customer’s acceptance of the services.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.16 Revenue recognition and other contract costs (Continued)
            Provision of family office services
            Provision of family office services with investment advisory, assets management and referral services, licensed under
            the SFO for Type 6 and 9 regulated activities. Referral income is recognised at a point in time when the services is
            completed, according to the nature and terms of the contracts. Investment advisory and assets management fee are
            recognised over time when the relevant services have been rendered which the customers simultaneously received
            and consumes the benefits provided. The progress towards completion satisfaction of a performance obligation is
            measured based on output methods.

            Provision of insurance brokerage services
            Insurance brokerage income is recognised at a point in time when the services is completed, according to the nature
            and terms of the contracts.

            Provision of global identity planning and wealth inheritance consultancy services
            Global identity planning and wealth inheritance consultancy services are recognised at a point in time when the
            services is completed, according to the nature and terms of the contracts.

            Provision of global enterprise solutions services
            Provision of global enterprise solutions service is recognised at a point in time when the services is completed, according
            to the nature and terms of the contracts.

            Interest income
            Interest income generated from money lending business is included in revenue.

            Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
            management purposes. Any other interest income is included in “other gains/(losses), net” in profit or loss.

            Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method. For the financial assets
            measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying
            amount of the asset.

            Dividend income
            Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive the dividend is established.

            Other contract costs
            Contract costs are either the costs to fulfil a contract or the incremental costs of obtaining a contract.

            Incremental costs of obtaining a contract
            The incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer
            that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.

            The Group recognises such costs (i.e. sales commission) as an asset if it expects to recover these costs. An asset is
            amortised and charged to the profit or loss on a systematic basis over the period of service contracts that is consistent
            with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates.

            The Group applies a practical expedient of recognising the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when
            incurred if the amortisation period of the asset that the entity otherwise would have recognised is one year or less.



76     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.17 Government grants
            Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will
            be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Government grants are deferred and recognised
            in profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that the grants are intended to compensate.

            Government grants relating to income is presented in gross under “Other gains/(losses), net” in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


      2.18 Impairment of non-financial assets
            The following assets are subject to impairment testing:

            •      Goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries;

            •      Intangible assets;

            •      Property, plant and equipment;

            •      Right-of-use assets; and

            •      The Company’s interests in subsidiaries.

            Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful life or those not yet available for use are tested for
            impairment at least annually, irrespective of whether there is any indication that they are impaired. All other assets
            are tested for impairment whenever there are indications that the asset’s carrying amount may not be recoverable.

            An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
            exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value, reflecting market conditions less
            costs of disposal, and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
            present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessment of time value of money and the
            risk specific to the asset.

            For the purposes of assessing impairment, where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those
            from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generate cash inflows
            independently (i.e. a CGU). As a result, some assets are tested individually for impairment and some are tested at
            CGUs level. Corporate assets are allocated to individual CGUs, when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation
            can be identified, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent
            allocation basis can be identified. Goodwill in particular is allocated to those CGUs that are expected to benefit from
            synergies of the related business combination and represent the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill
            is monitored for internal management purpose and not be larger than an operating segment.

            Impairment losses recognised for CGUs, to which goodwill has been allocated, are credited initially to the carrying
            amount of goodwill. Any remaining impairment loss is charged pro rata to the other assets in the CGUs, except that
            the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less cost of disposal, or value in use,
            if determinable.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.18 Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)
            An impairment loss on goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods. In respect of other assets, an impairment loss
            is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount
            and only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
            determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

            Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period.
            This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had the impairment been assessed only
            at the end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.


      2.19 Employee benefits
            Retirement benefits
            Retirement benefits to employees are provided through defined contribution plans. In addition, the employees
            employed under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance are also entitled to long service payment (“LSP”) if the eligibility
            criteria are met. The LSP are defined benefits plans.

            (a)    Defined contribution plans
                   The Group joined a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF Scheme”), a defined contribution plan, for all
                   employees in Hong Kong. Under the MPF Scheme, the Group makes monthly contribution based on 5% of the
                   employees’ basic salaries which is subject to a cap of HK$1,500 for each employee to a privately administered
                   pension insurance plan. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if
                   the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the
                   current and prior periods. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or
                   a reduction in the future payments is available. Forfeited contributions will not be used by the employer to
                   reduce the existing level of contributions. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees
                   when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

                   Pursuant to the government regulations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Group is required to
                   contribute an amount to certain retirement benefit schemes based on the wages for the year of those employees
                   in the PRC. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.

                   The Group makes mandatory contributions to the Central Provident Fund in Singapore, a defined contribution
                   scheme with individualised accounts fully funded by both employees and employers. The Group has no further
                   payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. There are no forfeited contributions that may be
                   used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

                   Contribution to these defined contribution plans are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                   other comprehensive income as incurred. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                   have been paid. There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce
                   the existing level of contributions.




78     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.19 Employee benefits (Continued)
            Retirement benefits (Continued)
            (b) Defined benefit plans
                  The amount of long service benefit that an employee will receive on cessation of employment in certain
                  circumstances is defined by reference to the employee’s length of service and corresponding salary. The legal
                  obligations for any benefits remains with the Group.

                   The LSP obligations recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position is the present value of the
                   LSP obligation at the end of the reporting period.

                   Management estimates the LSP obligations annually with the assistance of independent actuaries. This is based
                   on the discount rate, the salary growth rate, turnover rate and the expected investment return on offsetable MPF
                   accrued benefits. Discount factors are determined close to the end of each annual reporting period by reference
                   to the Hong Kong government bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid
                   and have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related defined benefit liability.

                   Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

                   •     service cost (including current and past service cost, and gains and losses on curtailments and settlements);

                   •     net interest expense or income; and

                   •     remeasurement.

                   Service cost on the Group’s defined benefit plan is included in employee benefits expense. Employee contributions,
                   all of which are independent of the number of years of service, are treated as a reduction of service cost.

                   Net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability is included in employee benefits expenses.

            Short-term employee benefits
            Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the
            estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the reporting date.

            Non-accumulating compensated absences such as sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time
            of leave.

            Bonus plans
            The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration the
            profit attributable to the owner of the Company after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where
            contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

            Termination benefits
            Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement date,
            or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises termination
            benefits when it is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of current employees according
            to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer
            made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than twelve months after the reporting date are
            discounted to present value.


                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.20 Share-based payments
            (i)    Share options
                   The Group granted share options to its employees, external consultants and a supplier under its Share Option
                   Scheme. The vesting period for the share options granted are ranged between immediate vested to one year
                   according to the Share Option Scheme. The fair value of the share options is recognised as an expense in profit
                   or loss over the vesting period if vesting conditions apply, or recognised as an expense in full at the grant date
                   when the equity instruments granted vest immediately. If vesting conditions apply, the expense is recognised
                   over the vesting period, based on the best available estimate of the number of equity instruments expected
                   to vest. Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of equity instruments
                   that are expected to become exercisable. Estimates are subsequently revised, if there is any indication that the
                   number of equity instruments expected to vest differs from previous estimates. Any adjustment to cumulative
                   share-based compensation resulting from a revision is recognised in the current period. The number of vested
                   options ultimately exercised by holders does not impact the expense recorded in any period. At the time when
                   the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will be transferred
                   to share capital and share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not
                   exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in the share options reserve will be transferred
                   to retained earnings.

                   The amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the share options granted including
                   any market performance conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting
                   conditions and including the impact of any non-vesting conditions. Information relating to the Share Option
                   Scheme is set out in note 11.

            (ii)   Share awards
                   The Group also grants shares of the Company to employees under its share award scheme, under which the
                   awarded shares are purchased from the open market. The cost of share purchased from the open market is
                   recognised in equity as treasury stock. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant
                   of shares under the scheme is recognised as staff costs in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                   comprehensive income with a corresponding adjustment in share reserve before vested.


      2.21 Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in
            the period in which they are incurred.


      2.22 Dividend distribution
            Dividends or profit distributions proposed in the profit appropriation plan, which will be authorised and declared after
            the reporting date, are not recognised as a liability at the end of the year but disclosed in the notes to the consolidated
            financial statements separately.




80     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.23 Accounting for income taxes
            Income tax comprises current tax and deferred tax.

            Current income tax assets and/or liabilities comprise those obligations to, or claims from, fiscal authorities relating
            to the current or prior reporting period, that are unpaid at the reporting date. They are calculated according to the
            tax rates and tax laws applicable to the fiscal periods to which they relate, based on the taxable profit for the year. All
            changes to current tax assets or liabilities are recognised as a component of tax expense in profit or loss.

            Deferred tax is calculated using the liability method on temporary differences at the reporting date between the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax liabilities
            are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible
            temporary differences, tax losses available to be carried forward as well as other unused tax credits, to the extent that
            it is probable that taxable profit, including existing taxable temporary differences, will be available against which the
            deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilised.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from initial
            recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither taxable
            nor accounting profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and an
            associate, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
            the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

            For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies the
            requirements in HKAS 12 to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax
            asset related to the lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which
            the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

            Deferred tax is calculated, without discounting, at tax rates that are expected to apply in the period the liability is
            settled or the asset realised, provided they are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

            Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognised in profit or loss, or in other comprehensive income or directly
            in equity if they relate to items that are charged or credited to other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

            When different tax rates apply to different levels of taxable income, deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
            using the average tax rates that are expected to apply to the taxable income of the periods in which the temporary
            differences are expected to reverse.

            The determination of the average tax rates requires an estimation of (i) when the existing temporary differences will
            reverse and (ii) the amount of future taxable profit in those years. The estimate of future taxable profit includes:

            –      income or loss excluding reversals of temporary differences; and

            –      reversals of existing temporary differences.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.23 Accounting for income taxes (Continued)
            Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are presented in net if, and only if,

            (a)    the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and

            (b)    intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

            The Group presents deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities in net if, and only if,

            (a)    the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities; and

            (b)    the deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
                   on either:

                   (i)    the same taxable entity; or

                   (ii)   different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or
                          to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant
                          amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

      2.24 Segment reporting
            The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular internal financial
            information reported to the executive directors for their decisions about resources allocation to the Group’s business
            components and for their review of the performance of those components. The business components in the internal
            financial information reported to the executive directors are determined following the Group’s major product and
            service lines.

            The measurement policies the Group used for reporting segment results under HKFRS 8 “Operating Segments” are the
            same as those used in its consolidated financial statements prepared under HKFRSs, except that the following items
            are not included in arriving at the operating results of the operating segment:

            •      income tax;

            •      changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL (excluding financial assets at FVTPL in reportable and operating
                   segments);

            •      corporate income and expenses which are not directly attributable to the business activities of any operating
                   segment;

            •      certain net gains on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL;

            •      certain bank interest income;

            •      certain finance costs; and

            •      certain depreciation of right-of-use assets.

            Segment assets include all assets with the exception of certain financial assets at FVTPL, interest in an associate and
            other corporate assets. In addition, corporate assets which are not directly attributable to the business activities of
            any reportable segment are not allocated to a segment, which primarily applies to the Group’s headquarter.

            Segment liabilities include contract liabilities, trade and other payables, provision for reinstatement cost, lease
            liabilities, income tax payable and bank borrowing managed directly by the segments with exception of promissory
            note, bonds payable and other corporate liabilities.

            No asymmetrical allocations have been applied to reportable segments.



82     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

2.    SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.25 Related parties
            For the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, a party is considered to be related to the Group if:

            (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and if that person:

                   (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                   (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                   (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

            (b)    the party is an entity and if any of the following conditions applies:

                   (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group.

                   (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member
                           of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                   (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party.

                   (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                   (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                           related to the Group.

                   (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                   (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                           personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                   (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services
                          to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

            Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
            by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

3.    ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDED HKFRSs
      New and amended HKFRSs that are effective for annual periods beginning on 1 April 2023
      In the current year, the Group has applied for the first time the following amended HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, which
      are relevant to the Group’s operations and effective for the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the annual period
      beginning on 1 April 2023:

      HKFRS 17                                                      Insurance Contracts and related amendments
      Amendments to HKAS 1 and                                      Disclosure of Accounting Policies
        HKFRS Practice Statement 2
      Amendments to HKAS 8                                          Definition of Accounting Estimates
      Amendments to HKAS 12                                         Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                                       Transaction
      Amendments to HKAS 12                                         International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules

      The adoption of the new and amended HKFRSs had no material impact on how the results and financial position for the
      current and prior periods have been prepared and presented.


      Issued but not yet effective HKFRSs
      At the date of authorisation of these consolidated financial statements, certain amended HKFRSs have been published but
      are not yet effective, and have not been adopted early by the Group.

      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
                                                                       or Joint Venture3
      Amendments to HKFRS 16                                        Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
      Amendments to HKAS 1                                          Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
                                                                       amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 51
      Amendments to HKAS 1                                          Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
      Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                              Supplier Finance Arrangements1
      Amendments to HKAS 21                                         Lack of exchangeability2

      1
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
      2
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
      3
              Effective date not yet determined


      The Directors anticipate that all of the pronouncements will be adopted in the Group’s accounting policy for the first period
      beginning on or after the effective date of the pronouncement. The above amended HKFRSs are not expected to have a
      material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




84        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

3.    ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDED HKFRSs (Continued)
      New HKICPA guidance on the accounting implication of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism
      In June 2022, the Hong Kong SAR Government (the “Government”) gazetted the Hong Kong Employment and Retirement
      Schemes Legislation (Offsetting Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance 2022 (the “Amendment Ordinance”), which will take
      effect on 1 May 2025 (the “Transition Date”). The Amendment Ordinance abolishes the use of the accrued benefits derived
      from employers’ mandatory MPF contributions to offset LSP in respect of an employee’s service from the Transition Date
      (the “Abolition”). In addition, the last month’s salary immediately preceding the Transition Date is used to calculate the
      portion of the LSP in respect of the employment period before the Transition Date.

      Prior to 1 April 2023, the Group applied practical expedient in paragraph 93(b) of HKAS 19 (the “Practical Expedient”) to
      account for the offsetable MPF benefits as deemed employee contributions to reduce the current service costs in the period
      in which the related services were rendered.

      In July 2023, the HKICPA published “Accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism in Hong
      Kong” (“the Guidance”) that provides guidance for the accounting for the offsetting mechanism and the impact arising from
      the abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism.

      By following the Guidance, the Group has changed its accounting policy in connection with its LSP obligations. As a result of
      the Abolition, these contributions are no longer considered “linked solely to the employee’s service in that period” since the
      employer’s mandatory MPF contribution after the Transition Date can still be used to offset the pre-transition LSP obligation.
      Therefore, the Group ceased to apply the Practical Expedient and reattribute the deemed employee contributions to periods
      of service in the same manner as the gross LSP benefit by applying paragraph 93(a) of HKAS 19. This change in accounting
      policy upon the cessation in applying the Practical Expedient resulted in a catch-up adjustment in profit or loss in June 2022
      for the service cost up to that date and consequential impacts on current service cost, interest expense and remeasurement
      effects from changes in actuarial assumptions for the rest of the year ended 31 March 2023, with the corresponding adjustment
      to the carrying amount of the LSP obligations during the year ended 31 March 2023. The change in accounting policy has
      no impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group as the carrying amounts of LSP obligations of HK$494,000
      and HK$596,000 as at 31 March 2023 and 2024, respectively, are not significant.


4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
      expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


      4.1 Critical accounting judgements
            Determination of consolidation scope
            All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor,
            controls the investee. The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or
            rights, to variable returns from involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to
            affect the amount of investors’ returns. The Group reassesses whether it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
            indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

            For assets management schemes where the Group involves as the investment manager, the Group assesses whether
            the combination of investments it holds, if any, together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability of
            returns from the activities of the assets management schemes that is of such significance indicating that the Group is
            a principal. The assets management schemes shall be consolidated if the Group acts in the role of principal.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
      4.1 Critical accounting judgements (Continued)
            Determination of consolidation scope (Continued)
            The Group managed funds as investment manager and after consideration of the above mentioned factors, the
            directors assessed that the Group is an agent and do not consolidate these funds. The purpose of managing funds
            is to generate management fee and performance fee from managing assets on behalf of the funds. Interest held by
            the Group includes management fee and performance fee charged by providing investment management services
            to the structured entity. For the year ended 31 March 2024, the management fee and performance fee recognised is
            amounting to HK$60,327,000 (2023: HK$23,208,000).


      4.2 Estimation uncertainty
            The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
            definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing
            a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below:

            Fair value of financial instruments
            Financial instruments at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the reporting date. For part of the above financial
            instruments, quoted market prices are readily available. However, the determination of fair value for financial assets
            for which there is no observable market price, requires the use of valuation technique. For financial instruments
            that trade infrequently and have little price transparency, fair value is less objective, and requires varying degrees of
            judgement depending on liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of market factors, pricing assumptions and other risks
            affecting the specific instrument. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments
            to the fair value of these instruments. Details of fair value measurements are disclosed in note 40.7 to the consolidated
            financial statements.

            Fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities acquired through business combinations at the date of acquisition
            The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations, which requires the Group to record
            assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values on the date of acquisition. Significant judgement and
            estimate are used to determine the completion date and fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The
            valuation involves estimating future cash flows from the acquired business, determining appropriate discount rates,
            asset lives and other assumptions.

            Details of business combinations are disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

            Estimation of impairment of trade and other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other financial
            assets measured at amortised cost within the scope of ECL under HKFRS 9
            The Group makes allowances on items subjects to ECL (including trade and other receivables, loan and interest
            receivables and other financial assets measured at amortised cost) based on assumptions about risk of default and
            expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
            calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the
            end of each reporting period as set out in note 2.9. As at 31 March 2024, the aggregate carrying amounts of trade and
            other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other financial assets measured at amortised cost amounted to
            HK$266,946,000 (2023: HK$144,832,000) (net of ECL allowance of HK$2,642,000 (2023: HK$1,734,000)), HK$132,068,000
            (2023: HK$183,248,000) (net of ECL allowance of HK$8,364,000 (2023: HK$2,280,000)) and HK$197,713,000 (2023:
            HK$327,493,000), respectively.




86     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
      4.2 Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
            Estimation of impairment of trade and other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other financial
            assets measured at amortised cost within the scope of ECL under HKFRS 9 (Continued)
            When the actual future cash flows are different from expected, such difference will impact the carrying amount of trade
            and other receivables, loan and interest receivables and other financial assets measured at amortised cost within the
            scope of ECL under HKFRS 9 and credit losses in the periods in which such estimate has been changed.

            Income tax
            The Group is subject to income taxes in jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Significant judgement is required
            in determining the provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
            tax determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
            initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the year in which such
            determination is made. Details of income tax are set out in note 13.

            Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses that are recognised when management
            considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences or tax
            losses can be utilised. The nature of their actual utilisation may be different.

            Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
            The Group tests annually whether goodwill and intangible assets has suffered any impairment in accordance with the
            accounting policy stated in notes 2.3 and 2.15, respectively. The recoverable amounts of CGUs have been determined
            based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations require the use of estimates about future cash flows and
            discount rates. In the process of estimating expected future cash flows management makes assumptions about future
            revenues and profits. These assumptions relate to future events and circumstances. The actual results may vary and
            may cause a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of goodwill and intangible assets within the next financial
            year. Determining the appropriate discount rate involves estimating the appropriate adjustment for market risk and
            for asset specific risk factors.

            As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amounts of goodwill and intangible assets are HK$226,430,000 (2023: HK$19,397,000)
            and HK$96,046,000 (2023: HK$12,248,000), respectively. No impairment loss on goodwill was recognised during the
            year ended 31 March 2024 (2023: HK$1,335,000).




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
      4.2 Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
              Impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
              Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are stated at costs less accumulated depreciation and impairment,
              if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgement and make estimation,
              particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2)
              whether the carrying amount of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use,
              the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the
              appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections
              and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset
              (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the assets belongs.
              Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections,
              could materially affect the net present value used in the impairment test.

              As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are HK$2,546,000
              (2023: HK$2,058,000) and HK$446,000 (2023: HK$4,776,000), respectively. No impairment loss has been recognised
              during the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024.


5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular internal financial information
      reported to the executive directors (i.e. the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”)) for their decisions about resources
      allocation to the Group’s business components and for their review of the performance of those components. The business
      components in the internal financial information reported to the executive directors are determined following the Group’s
      major product and service lines.

      The Group has identified the following reportable segments for the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024:

      •       Financial services of licensed business – provision of financial advisory services; securities research services; securities
              trading and brokerage services; margin financing services; referral services; and investment management, advisory
              services and insurance brokerage services;

      •       Family office services business – During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group acquired DL Family Office (HK)
              Limited (“DL Family Office HK”), which is engaged in the provision of family office services, investment advisory,
              assets management services and referral services for ultra-high net worth families;

      •       Money lending services – provision of equity pledge financing services and money lending services to the customers;

      •       Sales of apparel products – sales of apparel products with the provision of supply chain management total solutions
              to customers; and

      •       Enterprise solutions services – provision of global identity planning and wealth inheritance consultancy services, and
              other business consultancy services.

      Each of these reportable segments is managed separately as each of the product and service lines requires different resources
      as well as marketing approaches. All inter-segment transfers are carried out at arm’s length prices.




88        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group’s CODM monitors
      the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

      Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to the revenue generated by those segments
      and the expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arise from the depreciation, bank interest income, finance
      costs, ECL of trade and other receivables, ECL of loan and interest receivables, net gains/(losses) on disposals of financial
      assets at FVTPL (related to segment of financial services of licensed business), net fair value gains/(losses) on financial asset
      at FVTPL (related to segment of financial services of licensed business), impairment of goodwill and share of profit in an
      associate. Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL (excluding financial assets at FVTPL in reportable and operating
      segments), remeasurement gain on step acquisition, certain net gains/(losses) on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL, certain
      bank interest income, certain finance costs, certain depreciation of right-of-use assets and unallocated corporate expenses
      are not included in the result for each reportable segment.

      Segment assets include all assets with the exception of financial assets at FVTPL and other corporate assets.

      Segment liabilities include contract liabilities, trade and other payables, provision for reinstatement cost, lease liabilities,
      income tax payable and bank borrowing managed directly by the segments with exception of promissory notes, bonds
      payable and other corporate liabilities.

      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines and timing of revenue recognition
      are as follows:

                                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000

      Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15
      Disaggregated by major products or service lines
        – Provision of financial services of licensed business (note)                                     140,574             123,399
        – Provision of family office services                                                              16,172                   –
        – Sales of apparel products                                                                         1,006               21,616
        – Provision of supply chain management                                                              3,803                  711
        – Provision of enterprise solutions services                                                       16,342               15,280
                                                                                                          177,897             161,006
      Revenue from other sources
        – Interest income from provision of money lending services                                         14,056               16,656
        – Interest income from provision of margin financing services                                      10,400               13,454
                                                                                                           24,456               30,110
                                                                                                          202,353             191,116

      Disaggregated by timing of revenue recognition under HKFRS 15
        – Services provided over time                                                                      46,019              34,939
        – Services provided at a point in time                                                            130,872             104,451
        – Goods transferred at a point in time                                                              1,006              21,616
                                                                                                          177,897             161,006
      Revenue from other sources
        – Interest income from provision of money lending services                                         14,056               16,656
        – Interest income from provision of margin financing services                                      10,400               13,454
                                                                                                           24,456               30,110
                                                                                                          202,353             191,116



                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      The Group applied the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.94 and therefore expensed the incremental costs of obtaining a
      contract if the amortisation period is one year or less.

      Note:

                                                                                                                          2024                      2023
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                    HK$’000

      Revenue from provision of financial services of licensed business
      Service fee income from financial advisory services and
        investment management services                                                                                  123,404                   110,091
      Commission and brokerage arising on securities dealing                                                              2,852                     5,822
      Commission and brokerage from insurance brokerage services                                                         14,318                     7,486
                                                                                                                        140,574                   123,399


      The segment information provided to the CODM for the reportable segments for the year ended 31 March 2024 is as follows:

                                                                    Financial     Family
                                                                   services of     office      Money      Sales of    Enterprise         Inter-
                                                                     licensed    services     lending     apparel      solutions      company
                                                                     business    business    services    products       services   elimination      Total
                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000

      Revenue
        – From external customers                                    150,974      16,172      14,056        4,809        16,342              –     202,353
        – Inter-segment revenue                                        2,499         171           –            –             –         (2,670)          –
      Reportable segment revenue                                     153,473      16,343      14,056        4,809        16,342         (2,670)    202,353

      Reportable segment profit/(loss)                                19,452          (16)       (317)     (5,389)       33,942            (25)     47,647
      Bank interest income                                                                                                                               6
      Unallocated other gains, net
         – Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                         8,118
      Corporate and other unallocated expenses including
         depreciation of right-of use assets of HK$2,732,000                                                                                       (17,225)
      Remeasurement gain on step acquisition                                                                                                        67,964
      Share of profit of an associate                                                                                                                8,492
      Finance costs                                                                                                                                (10,165)
      Profit before income tax                                                                                                                     104,837

      Other information:
      Net gains on disposals of financial assets
         at FVTPL                                                          70           –           –            –            –              –          70
      Net fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at FVTPL         (683)          –           –            –       22,463            (25)     21,755
      Bank interest income                                              3,145         74           19            1            9              –       3,248
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                      (671)        (7)         (72)         (68)         (13)             –        (831)
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                   –          –          (12)     (1,678)            –              –      (1,690)
      (Provision for)/Reversal of ECL on
         – trade and other receivables                                 (2,072)      (282)           –            –           75              –      (2,279)
         – loan and interest receivables                                    –          –       (6,084)           –            –              –      (6,084)
      Share of profit of an associate                                       –          –            –            –        8,492              –       8,492
      Finance costs                                                    (3,657)         –       (2,162)         (11)           –              –      (5,830)
      Income tax credit/(expense)                                         770       (468)      (1,175)       (254)       (3,807)             –      (4,934)



90      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      The segment information provided to the CODM for the reportable segments for the year ended 31 March 2023 is as follows:

                                                                 Financial
                                                                services of    Money        Sales of   Enterprise          Inter-
                                                                  licensed    lending       apparel     solutions       company
                                                                  business    services     products      services    elimination        Total
                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000

      Revenue
        – From external customers                                 136,853      16,656        22,327       15,280               –      191,116
        – Inter-segment revenue                                        45           –             –            –             (45)           –
      Reportable segment revenue                                  136,898      16,656        22,327       15,280             (45)     191,116

      Reportable segment profit/(loss)                             22,631      12,048       (11,851)       2,458               –       25,286
      Bank interest income                                                                                                                  7
      Unallocated other losses, net
         – Net loss on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL                                                                         (36,781)
         – Net fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL                                                                          (3,581)
      Corporate and other unallocated expenses including
         depreciation of right-of use assets of
         HK$2,732,000                                                                                                                 (22,971)
      Share of profit of an associate                                                                                                   1,197
      Finance costs                                                                                                                    (6,916)
      Loss before income tax                                                                                                          (43,759)

      Other information:
      Net losses on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL            (969)          –            –             –              –         (969)
      Net fair value (losses)/gains on financial assets
         at FVTPL                                                      (56)          –            –          453               –          397
      Bank interest income                                             676           4            1           27               –          708
      Written off of property, plant and equipment                    (830)          –            –            –               –         (830)
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                   (844)          –          (58)          (28)             –         (930)
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                             (502)          –       (2,737)            –              –       (3,239)
      (Provision for)/Reversal of ECL on
         – trade and other receivables                              (1,389)          –          396           (75)             –       (1,068)
         – loan and interest receivables                                 –       (592)            –             –              –         (592)
      Impairment loss on goodwill                                        –          –             –       (1,335)              –       (1,335)
      Share of profit of an associate                                    –          –             –        1,197               –        1,197
      Finance costs                                                 (3,580)       (550)         (67)           –               –       (4,197)
      Income tax expense                                            (2,186)     (2,060)         (38)       (1,134)             –       (5,418)




                                                                                DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                         Financial      Family                                        Unallocated
                                        services of      office    Money      Sales of   Enterprise     corporate            Inter-
                                          licensed    services    lending     apparel     solutions         assets/       company
                                          business    business    services   products      services    (liabilities)   elimination         Total
                                           HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

      As at 31 March 2024
      Reportable segment assets           484,493     363,614     154,649      32,479       86,012        548,582          (393,397)   1,076,432
      Reportable segment liabilities      269,317      18,645     123,913       4,722      315,454        418,610          (595,194)    556,467
      Additions to non-current assets          116    294,066       1,178          59           46                –               –     295,465

      As at 31 March 2023
      Reportable segment assets            528,450           –    191,855      43,042      109,546         391,671         (369,878)     894,686
      Reportable segment liabilities       310,534           –    159,030       9,642      100,690         163,029         (283,987)     458,938
      Additions to non-current assets          207           –          –       1,966       12,847                –               –       15,020


      Revenue from external customers is analysed by region as follows:

                                                                                                                 2024                    2023
                                                                                                              HK$’000                  HK$’000

      Revenue from provision of financial services of licensed business (including interest
        income from provision of margin financing services):
        – Hong Kong                                                                                             93,405                 119,383
        – Cayman Islands                                                                                        57,569                  17,470
                                                                                                              150,974                  136,853
      Revenue from provision of family office services business:
        – Hong Kong                                                                                             16,172                        –
      Revenue from provision of money lending services:
        – Hong Kong                                                                                             14,056                  16,656
      Revenue from sales of apparel products:
        – Europe                                                                                                   1,006                10,152
        – America                                                                                                      –                10,610
        – Middle East                                                                                                  –                    15
        – Asia Pacific (including Hong Kong)                                                                           –                   839
                                                                                                                   1,006                21,616
      Revenue from provision of supply chain management:
        – Europe                                                                                                   3,803                   711
      Revenue from provision of enterprise solutions services:
        – Hong Kong                                                                                             12,059                  14,993
        – PRC                                                                                                    4,283                     287
                                                                                                                16,342                  15,280
                                                                                                              202,353                  191,116




92      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Geographical information
      The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided or the goods were
      delivered. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the assets, in the
      case of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets; and the location of the operations to which they are allocated,
      in the case of intangible assets and goodwill. Specified non-current assets do not include deferred tax assets, interest in an
      associate and financial instruments for the purpose of geographical information disclosure.

      The Group’s operations are principally located in Hong Kong, Singapore and PRC.

      The Group’s information about its specified non-current assets by geographical locations are detailed below:

                                                                                                            Specified non-current assets
                                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

      Hong Kong                                                                                                  325,385                 38,422
      Singapore                                                                                                        2                      5
      PRC                                                                                                             81                     52
                                                                                                                 325,468                 38,479


      Revenue individually generated from the following customers contributed more than 10% of the total revenue of the Group:

                                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                                 HK$’000               HK$’000

      Customer A                                                                                                   33,654                   N/A*
      Customer B                                                                                                      N/A*               31,311


      Note: During the year ended 31 March 2024, revenue from customers A and B of the Group’s segment of financial services of licensed business
            amounted HK$33,654,000 (2023: HK$31,311,000), which represented approximately 17% (2023: 16%) of the Group’s consolidated
            revenue.

      *     Revenue from this customer is less than 10% of total revenue of the Group for the years ended 31 March 2023 or 2024.


      Liabilities related to contracts with customers
      The consideration received in advance as prepayments from customers amounting to nil (2023: HK$83,000) is for financial
      advisory service; consideration received in advance as prepayments from customers amounting to HK$179,000 (2023:
      HK$1,194,000) is for investment management service and consideration received in advance as prepayments from customers
      amounting to nil (2023: HK$59,000) is for sales of apparel products. The contract liabilities of HK$179,000 (2023: HK$1,336,000)
      are regarded as short term as the respective revenue is expected to be recognised in its normal operating cycle.

      The significant decrease of contract liabilities as at 31 March 2024 is mainly due to decrease in advance payments made
      by customers.




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024              93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Liabilities related to contracts with customers (Continued)
      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to carried-forward
      contract liabilities.

                                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000

      Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
        at the beginning of the year                                                                                   1,308                 5,222


6.    OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES), NET

                                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000

      Net gains/(losses) on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL                                                        70               (37,750)
      Net fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at FVTPL (note (a))                                           29,873                (3,184)
      Remeasurement gain on step acquisition (note 37)                                                                67,964                     –
      Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL                                                                   1,022                    12
      Losses on early termination of lease                                                                                 –                    (2)
      Government grants (note (b))                                                                                       236                 1,844
      Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                                                (74)                  313
      Other interest income                                                                                                –                   922
      Others                                                                                                             252                   176
                                                                                                                      99,343               (37,669)


      Notes:

      (a)      During the year ended 31 March 2024, net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL include a trading gain on day 1 amounted to
               HK$22,264,000 (2023: nil), being the difference between the transaction price and the fair value of the financial assets at FVTPL.

      (b)      During the year ended 31 March 2024, government grants include grants received from the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore
               to support employers to expand local hiring.

               During the year ended 31 March 2023, government grants include (i) grants received from Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”)
               that aims to support digitalisation in smaller financial institutions and fintech firms, (ii) grants received from the Inland Revenue
               Authority of Singapore to support employers to expand local hiring, and (iii) grants received from the Anti-epidemic Fund under the
               Employment Support Scheme set up by the Hong Kong Government.




94      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

7.    EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000

      Agency fee                                                                                             –                  75
      Advertising expenses                                                                                987                   28
      Amortisation of intangible assets (note 18)                                                       3,199                    –
      Auditors’ remuneration
        – Audit services                                                                                1,550                 1,260
        – Non-audit services                                                                              300                   280
      Computer expense                                                                                  6,229                 1,510
      Consultancy fees                                                                                 17,130                 9,872
      Bad debt written off                                                                                 88                   600
      Cost of goods sold                                                                                    –                20,498
      Cost of services                                                                                 67,586                66,287
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                             831                   930
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                     4,422                 5,971
      Donations                                                                                           601                    40
      Entertainment                                                                                     3,812                 4,889
      Provision for ECL on trade receivables (note 22)                                                  2,279                 1,068
      Provision for ECL on loan and interest receivables, net (note 23)                                 6,084                   592
      ECL on receivables, net                                                                           8,363                 1,660
      Employee benefit expenses (note 8)                                                               54,707                58,657
      Impairment loss on goodwill (note 18)                                                                 –                 1,335
      Insurance                                                                                           800                   657
      Legal and professional fees                                                                      10,125                 5,080
      License expenses                                                                                     67                    51
      Marketing fees                                                                                    1,295                 1,451
      Motor vehicles expenses                                                                             386                   348
      Postage and courier                                                                                  92                   109
      Printing and stationary                                                                             258                    79
      Sales commission                                                                                    443                 1,045
      Short-term leases/low-value leases in respect of
         – office                                                                                            –                   64
      Travelling expenses                                                                               2,790                 2,115
      Written off of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                               24                   830
      Other expenses                                                                                    6,525                 2,284
      Total cost of sales/services, selling expenses, general and administrative
        expenses and ECL of receivables, net                                                          192,610            188,005




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

8.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)

                                                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                                                               HK$’000               HK$’000

      Salaries, bonus and other short-term employee benefits                                                     52,761                40,876
      Share options granted to employees and directors (note 11)                                                      –                15,506
      Share award granted to employees and directors                                                                 421                1,172
      Reversal of provision for unutilised annual leave                                                              (44)                 (64)
      Pension costs – defined contribution plans (note)                                                            1,569                1,167
                                                                                                                 54,707                58,657


      Note: As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension schemes
            in future years.


9.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1) of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, are
      as follows:

                                                               Emoluments paid or payable in respect of a person’s services as a
                                                                director, whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertakings
                                                                                                         Employer’s
                                                                                                       contribution
                                                                                                                to a
                                                                                               Share- retirement
                                                                                               based        benefit
                                                                     Fees      Salaries     payments        scheme          Total
                                                                 HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

      Year ended 31 March 2024

      Executive directors
      Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”) (note (i))                       1,800                 –                –                18          1,818
      Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay (“Mr. Lang”) (note (i))              1,200                 –                –                18          1,218
      Mr. Ai Kuiyu (“Mr. Ai”) (notes (i))                           2,000                 –                –                18          2,018
      Ms. He Zhiying (notes (i) and (iv))                           1,100                 –                –                 –          1,100

      Non-executive directors
      Ms. Jiang Xinrong (“Ms. Jiang”) (note (ii))                       80                –                –                 2             82
      Mr. Chan Kwan (note (iii))                                       216                –                –                 –            216
      Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                          216                –                –                 –            216
      Mr. Wang Yiding (note (v))                                        72                –                –                 –             72

      Independent non-executive directors
      Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                          180                 –                –                 –            180
      Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien                                             180                 –                –                 –            180
      Mr. Li Xiaoxiao (note (vi))                                      60                 –                –                 –             60
      Mr. Liu Chun                                                    180                 –                –                 –            180
                                                                    7,284                 –                –                56          7,340




96     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

9.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

                                                              Emoluments paid or payable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
                                                                      whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertakings
                                                                                                            Employer’s
                                                                                                          contribution
                                                                                                                   to a
                                                                                                 Share-     retirement
                                                                                                 based          benefit
                                                                     Fees       Salaries      payments          scheme             Total
                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

      Year ended 31 March 2023

      Executive directors
      Mr. Chen Ningdi (“Mr. Chen”) (note (i))                          1,800                 –                 –          18          1,818
      Mr. Lang Joseph Shie Jay (“Mr. Lang”) (note (i))                 1,200                 –           2,635            18          3,853
      Mr. Ai Kuiyu (“Mr. Ai”) (note (i))                               1,800                 –              42            18          1,860

      Non-executive directors
      Ms. Jiang Xinrong (“Ms. Jiang”) (note (ii))                        960                 –             552            18          1,530
      Mr. Chan Kwan (note (iii))                                         100                 –               –             –            100
      Mr. Chan Kwun Wah Derek                                            216                 –               –             –            216

      Independent non-executive directors
      Mr. Chang Eric Jackson                                             180                 –                 –             –            180
      Mr. Chen Cheng-Lien                                                180                 –                 –             –            180
      Mr. Liu Chun                                                       180                 –                 –             –            180
                                                                       6,616                 –           3,229            72          9,917


      Notes:

      (i)      The remuneration shown above included remuneration received from the Group by the directors in their capacity as employees of
               the Company or its subsidiaries during the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024.

      (ii)     Ms. Jiang resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 28 April 2023.

      (iii)    Mr. Chan Kwan was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 14 October 2022.

      (iv)     Ms. He Zhiying was appointed as an executive director of the Company with effect from 28 April 2023.

      (v)      Mr. Wang Yiding was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 21 November 2023.

      (vi)     Mr. Li Xiaoxiao was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 21 November 2023.


      During the year ended 31 March 2024, there were no retirement benefits paid to directors (2023: nil) in respect of the services
      as a director of the Company and its subsidiaries.




                                                                               DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

9.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      During the year ended 31 March 2024, there was no benefits provided for early termination of the directors’ appointment
      in office (2023: nil).

      No consideration was provided to third parties for making available of directors’ services during the year ended 31 March
      2024 (2023: nil).

      No emoluments were paid by the Group to any directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
      compensation for loss of office during the year ended 31 March 2024 (2023: nil).

      During the year ended 31 March 2024, there was no arrangement in relation to loans, quasi-loans and other dealings between
      the Group and the directors, bodies corporate controlled by directors and entities connected with directors (2023: nil).

      For significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to Group’s business to which the Company was a party
      and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
      year or at any time during the year, please refer to note 36.

      There were no arrangements under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year (2023: nil).

      The value of share options granted to directors is measured according to the Group’s accounting policy for share-based
      compensation set out in notes 2.20 and 4.2. The details of these benefits in kind including the principal terms and number
      of options granted are disclosed under the section headed “Report of the Directors-Share Option Scheme” in the 2023/2024
      annual report and note 11.


10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS
      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include 2 (2023: 3) directors and executives
      whose emoluments were reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments paid to the remaining 3 (2023: 2)
      individuals during the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Basic salaries, housing allowances and other allowances                                            5,277               3,480
      Bonus                                                                                                  –                 500
      Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                             54                 36
                                                                                                         5,331               4,016


      The emoluments of the remaining individual fell within the following bands during the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024:

                                                                                                          2024                2023

      Between HK$1,500,001 and HK$2,000,000                                                                   3                  1
      Between HK$2,000,001 and HK$2,500,000                                                                   –                  1


      No emoluments were paid by the Group to any such five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining
      the Group or as compensation for loss of office during the year ended 31 March 2024 (2023: nil).




98     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
      Share Option Scheme
      The Company has a Share Option Scheme which was adopted on 22 September 2015 (“Share Option Scheme”) whereby the
      directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees of the Group, including directors of any
      company in the Group, to take up options to subscribe for shares of the Company by payment of HK$1.00 consideration
      upon acceptance. The share options granted vest immediately or have a vesting period of one year. The share options have
      an exercisable period from two to ten years. Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in
      the Company.

      All share-based employee compensation will be settled in equity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to
      repurchase or settle the options other than by issuing the Company’s ordinary shares.

      On 24 March 2023, the Group granted 26,600,000 share options under the Share Option Scheme with a vesting of one year or
      immediate vested. The share options have an exercise price of HK$2.70 to subscribe for one ordinary share of HK$0.01 each.

                                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                                       shares options
      Name                                     Position held/relationship with the Company                                    granted

      Mr. Lang                                 Executive director                                                            4,500,000
      Employees                                Not applicable                                                               22,100,000
                                                                                                                            26,600,000


      The above exercise price is at least the higher of (i) the closing price of HK$2.69 per share as quoted in the Stock Exchange’s
      daily quotation sheet on the grant date; and (ii) the average closing price of HK$2.69 per share as stated in the Stock Exchange’s
      daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date.

      On 19 November 2020, the Group granted a total of 53,000,000 share options under the Share Option Scheme with no
      vesting period. The share options have an exercise price of HK$2.50 to subscribe for one ordinary share of HK$0.01 each.

                                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                                       shares options
      Name                                     Position held/relationship with the Company                                    granted

      Employees                                Not applicable                                                               53,000,000


      The above exercise price is not lower than the highest of (i) the closing price of HK$2.30 per share as quoted in the Stock
      Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the grant date; (ii) the average closing price of HK$2.148 per share as quoted in the
      Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date; and (iii) the nominal
      value of HK$0.01 per share.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      Share Option Scheme (Continued)
      On 17 August 2020, the Group granted a total of 54,500,000 share options under the Share Option Scheme with no vesting
      period. Among the 54,500,000 share options, 41,500,000 of which has an exercise price of HK$0.9 to subscribe for one
      ordinary share and the remaining 13,000,000 of which has an exercise price of HK$1.00 to subscribe for one ordinary share.

                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                                    shares options
      Name                                    Position held/relationship with the Company                                  granted

      Mr. Chen                                Executive director                                                         5,500,000
      Mr. Li                                  The former non-executive director                                          5,500,000
      Mr. Liu                                 Independent non-executive director                                         3,000,000
      Employees                               Not applicable                                                            36,000,000
      External consultants                    Not applicable                                                             4,500,000
                                                                                                                        54,500,000


      The above exercise price is not lower than the highest of (i) the closing price of HK$0.88 per share as quoted in the Stock
      Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the grant date; (ii) the average closing price of HK$0.876 per share as quoted in the
      Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date; and (iii) the nominal
      value of HK$0.01 per share.

      As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, details of each share options granted are set out below:

                                                                                                     Validating            Exercise
      Date of grant           Option type      Exercisable period                                        period               price
                                                                                                                               HK$

      17 August 2020          2020A            17 August 2020 to 16 August 2023                          3 years              0.900
      17 August 2020          2020B            17 August 2020 to 16 August 2023                          3 years              1.000
      19 November 2020        2020C            19 November 2020 to 18 November 2023                      3 years              2.500
      24 March 2023           2023A            24 March 2024 to 23 March 2026                            2 years              2.700




100    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      Share Option Scheme (Continued)
      Movement in share options

                                                                               Granted     Outstanding
                                                         Outstanding         during the            as at     Lapsed during       Outstanding
                                                                 as at      year ended   31 March 2023      the year ended              as at
                                     Option type         1 April 2022    31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023     31 March 2024      31 March 2024

      Directors
      Mr. Liu                        2020B                  3,000,000                 –        3,000,000         (3,000,000)                –
      Mr. Lang                       2023A                          –         4,500,000        4,500,000                  –         4,500,000
      Sub-total                                             3,000,000         4,500,000        7,500,000         (3,000,000)        4,500,000
      Employee(s) of the Group
                                     2020B                  1,500,000                 –        1,500,000        (1,500,000)                 –
                                     2020C                 23,500,000                 –       23,500,000       (23,500,000)                 –
                                     2023A                          –        22,100,000       22,100,000                 –         22,100,000
      Sub-total                                            25,000,000        22,100,000       47,100,000       (25,000,000)        22,100,000
      Other participants             2020B                  1,500,000                 –        1,500,000         (1,500,000)                –
      Sub-total                                             1,500,000                 –        1,500,000         (1,500,000)                –
      Total                                                29,500,000        26,600,000       56,100,000       (29,500,000)        26,600,000


                                                                                           Outstanding
                                                         Outstanding     Granted during            as at     Lapsed during       Outstanding
                                                                 as at   the year ended  31 March 2023      the year ended              as at
                                                         1 April 2022    31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023     31 March 2024      31 March 2024

      Weighted average exercise price per share
        option (HK$)                                            2.200             2.700            2.434             (1.130)            2.700
      Weighted average remaining contractual life of
        options outstanding                                 1.58 years           3 years       1.72 years                 –         1.98 years
      Number of options exercisable                        29,500,000        26,600,000       56,100,000       (29,500,000)        26,600,000
      Weighted average exercise price per share option
        exercisable (HK$)                                       2.200             2.700            2.411             2.200              2.700


      The share options outstanding at 31 March 2024 had exercise prices of HK$2.7 (2023: HK$1 to HK$2.7). During the year
      ended 31 March 2024, totalling 29,500,000 share options have been lapsed for option type 2020B and 2020C (2023: there
      was no lapse or cancellation of share options).

      During the years ended 31 March 2024 and 2023, no share options were exercised. During the year ended 31 March 2024, the
      weighted average share price for share options exercised during the year at the date of exercise was HK$2.7 (2023: HK$2.321).

      During the year ended 31 March 2024, no share-based payment expense (2023: HK$2,635,000) in relation to share options
      was granted to the directors.




                                                                             DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      Share Option Scheme (Continued)
      Fair value of share options and assumptions
      The Company granted 26,600,000 of option for the year ended 31 March 2023.

      The fair values of the share options granted during the year ended 31 March 2023 were derived from Binomial option pricing
      model by applying the following bases and assumptions:

                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2023
                                                                                                            share options granted to
                                                                                                            Employees              Director

      Grant date                                                                                               24/3/2023                24/3/2023
      Number of options granted                                                                               22,100,000                 4,500,000
      Option life (note (i))                                                                                      3 years                   3 years
      Risk-free rate (note (ii))                                                                                   2.87%                     2.87%
      Volatility (note (iii))                                                                                     29.02%                    29.02%
      Dividend yield                                                                                               0.51%                     0.51%
      Fair value per share option at grant date                                                               HK$0.5824                 HK$0.5856
      Total fair value for each batch (HK$’000)                                                                   12,871                      2,635


      Notes:

      (i)      The option life was determined with reference to the terms of the Share Option Scheme and granted date and maturity dates of the
               options.

      (ii)     The risk-free rate was determined with reference to the yield of Hong Kong Government Bonds and Treasury Bills as extracted from
               Bloomberg with a maturity life equal to the time to maturity of the share options at the grant date.

      (iii)    The volatility of the share options was calculated based on the historical daily stock prices of the Company for 1.75 years.


      The fair values of the share options during the year ended 31 March 2023 were arrived at on the basis of a valuation carried
      out at the grant date by Moore Transaction Services Limited. The fair value of the share options was subject to the limitations
      of the Binomial option pricing model and a number of assumptions which were subjective and difficult to ascertain. Changes
      in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate. The weighted average fair value of share
      options granted during the year ended 31 March 2023 determined using the Binomial option pricing model were ranged
      from HK$0.5824 to HK$0.5856 per share option.

      The outstanding share options as at 31 March 2024 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 1.98 years (2023:
      1.72 years).

      As at 31 March 2024, the Company had 26,600,000 (2023: 56,100,000) share options outstanding under the Share Option
      Scheme, which represented approximately 1.83% (2023: 3.72%) of the Company’s shares in issue at that date. Share options
      do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholder’s meetings.

      When the share options are forfeited or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in the
      share option reserve will be transferred to retained earnings.




102     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      Share Award Scheme
      On 8 September 2020, a Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board of directors of the Company. Unless
      otherwise cancelled or amended, the Share Award Scheme will remain valid and effective for 10 years from the date of
      adoption.

      The number of shares to be awarded under the Share Award Scheme throughout its duration is limited to 10% of the issued
      share capital of the Company from time to time. The maximum number of shares which may be awarded to a selected
      participant under the Scheme shall not exceed one per cent (1%) of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.

      On 28 September 2023, the Group granted a total of 354,484 shares under the Share Award Scheme with a vesting period
      of a year.

                                                                                                                      Number of
      Name                                    Position held/relationship with the Company                         shares granted

      Employees                               Not applicable                                                               354,484


      On 20 December 2022, the Group granted a total of 223,000 shares under the Share Award Scheme with no vesting period.

                                                                                                                      Number of
      Name                                    Position held/relationship with the Company                         shares granted

      Mr. Ai                                  Executive director                                                            15,000
      Ms. He Zhiying                          Executive director                                                            50,000
      Employees                               Not applicable                                                               158,000
                                                                                                                           223,000


      On 27 June 2022, the Group granted a total of 200,000 shares under the Share Award Scheme with no vesting period.

                                                                                                                      Number of
      Name                                    Position held/relationship with the Company                         shares granted

      Mr. Jiang                               Non-executive director                                                       200,000


      During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company did not purchase ordinary shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange.
      During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Company purchased 15,104,400 ordinary shares of the Company on the Stock
      Exchange. The total amount paid to acquire the shares was HK$38,354,000.

      During the year ended 31 March 2024, a total of 354,484 (2023: 423,000) shares were granted to the eligible persons pursuant
      to the Share Award Scheme.

      As at 31 March 2024, 65,154,400 shares (2023: 65,154,400 shares) are held by the Company and would be granted in the future.

      The fair value of the awarded shares was calculated based on the market price of the Company’s shares at the respective
      grant date.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

12. FINANCE COSTS, NET

                                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000                  HK$’000

      Finance income
      Bank interest income                                                                              3,254                      715

      Finance costs
      Interest expenses on bank borrowing                                                               (3,657)                 (3,575)
      Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                                (52)                  (176)
      Interest expenses on bonds payable                                                                (7,378)                 (6,811)
      Interest expenses on promissory notes                                                             (4,908)                   (551)
                                                                                                      (15,995)                 (11,113)
      Finance costs, net                                                                              (12,741)                 (10,398)


13. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
      The amount of taxation charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income represents:

                                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

      Current income tax
        – Hong Kong                                                                                        6,583               5,384
        – PRC                                                                                                  –                  (4)
        – Overprovision in prior years                                                                    (1,055)                  –
                                                                                                           5,528               5,380
      Deferred tax
        – Hong Kong (note 19)                                                                               (594)                 38
      Total                                                                                                4,934               5,418


      Hong Kong
      The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for year ended 31 March 2024 is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the estimated
      assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying corporation under the two-tiered
      profits tax rates regime. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2,000,000 of profits of qualifying entities
      are taxed at 8.25% (2023: 8.25%), and the profits above HK$2,000,000 are taxed at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%).


      Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands (“BVI”)
      Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, the Company and its subsidiaries are not subject
      to any taxation under the jurisdictions of the Cayman Islands and the BVI.


      Singapore
      Singapore profits tax has not been provided as the subsidiary of the Group has no estimated assessable profits in the
      jurisdiction.




104    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

13. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      PRC
      For the subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC, under the notice of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
      Taxation on Preferential Income Tax Policies for Small Low-Profit Enterprises, for the portion of profit less than RMB1 million,
      25% of the profit will be taxed at 20% and profits within the range of RMB1 million to RMB3 million, 50% of the profit will
      be taxed at 20%.

      The tax on the Group’s profit/(loss) before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax
      rate of Hong Kong as follows:

                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000

      Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                                    104,837              (43,759)
      Calculated at Hong Kong income tax rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%)                                      17,298               (7,220)
      Effect of different income tax rates of subsidiaries                                                   138                 (171)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                             2,896                6,770
      Income not subject to taxation                                                                     (21,974)              (1,733)
      Temporary differences not recognised                                                                   862                  185
      Tax losses not recognised                                                                            5,533                7,587
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax loss                                                          –                  (32)
      Tax effect of share of profit of an associate                                                         1,401                 197
      Overprovision in prior years                                                                         (1,055)                  –
      Effect of two-tiered profits tax regime                                                                (165)               (165)
      Income tax expense                                                                                    4,934               5,418


      For the year ended 31 March 2024, the weighted average applicable tax rate was 4.7% (2023: 12.4%) becomes positive because
      the Group had excessive profits for the year ended 31 March 2024.

      The Group did not recognise deferred tax assets of approximately HK$17,411,000 (2023: HK$14,469,000) arising from tax
      losses of HK$95,314,000 (2023: HK$82,714,000) and deductible temporary difference of approximately HK$9,169,000 (2023:
      HK$3,947,000).


14. DIVIDENDS
      (a)   Dividends attributable to the year

                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000

            Proposed 2024 final dividend for the year of HK1.98 cents per ordinary share
              (2023: HK1.03 cents per share)                                                              30,063               14,976


            The proposed final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2024 of HK1.98 cents per share, amounting to a
            total dividend of approximately HK$30,063,000 was resolved by the Board to propose on 26 June 2024, which is subject
            to approval at the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 13 September 2024.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

14. DIVIDENDS (Continued)
      (b)   Dividends attributable to the previous financial year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000

            Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, of HK1.03 cents
               (2023: HK1.40 cents) per share                                                                       14,976                 19,271


            The final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2023 of HK1.03 cents (2023: in respect of the year ended 31
            March 2022 of HK1.40 cents) per share, amounting to a total dividend of HK$14,976,000 (2023: HK$19,271,000) was
            paid out during the year ended 31 March 2024.


15. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
      15.1 Basic
            Basic earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company by the
            weighted average number of ordinary shares of the Company in issue during the years.

                                                                                                                       2024                  2023

            Profit/(Loss) attributable to owners of the Company (HK$’000)                                           99,903                (49,177)
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
              calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                  1,392,606,837          1,396,462,154
            Basic earnings/(loss) per share (HK cents per share)                                                       7.17                  (3.52)


      15.2 Diluted

                                                                                                                       2024                  2023

            Profit/(Loss) attributable to owners of the Company (HK$’000)                                           99,903                (49,177)
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating
               basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                             1,392,606,837          1,396,462,154
            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares
               – Share options                                                                                 10,418,514                        –
               – Share award                                                                                       78,406                        –
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating
              diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                                            1,403,103,757          1,396,462,154
            Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (HK cents per share)                                                     7.12                  (3.52)


            Note: On 14 October 2022, 23,835,350 shares were issued as bonus share on the basis one bonus share for every 60 existing shares
                  held by the shareholders of the Company. The effect of the bonus share has been included within the calculation of basic and
                  diluted earnings/(loss) per share for year ended 31 March 2023.

                   The calculation of the basic earnings/(loss) per share amount is based on profit/(loss) for the year attributable to owners of
                   the Company of HK$99,903,000 (2023: HK$49,177,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 1,392,606,837
                   (2023: 1,396,462,154) in issue during the year as adjusted to exclude the shares held under the Share Award Scheme.

                   As the Group incurred losses for the year ended 31 March 2023, the potential ordinary shares were not included in the
                   calculation of diluted loss per share as their inclusion would be antidilution. Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the year
                   ended 31 March 2023 was the same as the basic loss per share.



106    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                         Leasehold          Office        Computer      Fitting and        Motor
                                      improvements      equipment        equipment        furniture      vehicles             Total
                                           HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000

      Year ended 31 March 2023
      Opening net carrying amount              2,156           576               71            595               –            3,398
      Additions                                  177            44              129             70               –              420
      Depreciation                              (476)         (228)             (62)          (164)              –             (930)
      Written off                               (830)            –                –              –               –             (830)
      Closing net carrying amount              1,027           392              138            501               –            2,058

      As at 31 March 2023 and
        1 April 2023
      Cost                                     4,168         1,218             1,179         1,046           1,030            8,641
      Accumulated depreciation                (3,141)         (826)           (1,041)         (545)         (1,030)          (6,583)
      Net carrying amount                     1,027            392              138            501              –            2,058

      Year ended 31 March 2024
      Opening net carrying amount             1,027           392              138            501               –            2,058
      Additions                                  19            97                4            102          1,085             1,307
      Additions through business
        combinations (note 37)                     –             –               36              –              –                36
      Written off                                  –             –              (24)             –              –               (24)
      Depreciation                             (319)          (225)             (59)          (156)           (72)            (831)
      Closing net carrying amount               727           264                95           447          1,013             2,546

      As at 31 March 2024
      Cost                                    4,187          1,315           1,042          1,148          2,115             9,807
      Accumulated depreciation               (3,460)        (1,051)           (947)          (701)        (1,102)           (7,261)
      Net carrying amount                       727           264                95           447          1,013             2,546


      Depreciation expenses of approximately HK$831,000 (2023: HK$930,000) have been charged to the general and administrative
      expenses for the year ended 31 March 2024.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                                                       HK$’000
      As at 1 April 2022                                                                                                  9,349
      Lease modification                                                                                                  1,649
      Early termination                                                                                                    (251)
      Depreciation for the year (note 7)                                                                                 (5,971)
      As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                                4,776
      Addition                                                                                                               92
      Depreciation for the year (note 7)                                                                                 (4,422)
      As at 31 March 2024                                                                                                   446


      The Group has obtained the right to use office and staff premises through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run on
      an initial period of one to three years (2023: one to three years).

      Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets approximately HK$4,422,000 (2023: HK$5,971,000) have been charged to the
      general and administrative expenses for the year ended 31 March 2024. The total additions to right-of-use assets amounting
      to HK$92,000 (2023: HK$1,649,000) was recognised for the year ended 31 March 2024.

      As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, right-of-use assets as follows:

                                                               Carrying amount as at           Depreciation for the year ended
                                                                     31 March                             31 March
                                                                   2024              2023               2024                2023
                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000              HK$’000

      Staff quarter                                                   137              961               824                 962
      Office premises                                                 309            3,815             3,598               5,009
                                                                      446           4,776              4,422              5,971




108    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL

                                                                                Intangible assets
                                                              SFC License        Money     SFC License
                                                                Types 1,4      Lending         Types 4        Customer
                                                  Goodwill          and 6       License          and 9    relationships        Total
                                                   HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000

      Cost
      As at 1 April 2022                             7,921        11,748           500                –               –       12,248
      Acquisition through business combinations
        (note 37)                                   12,811             –             –                –               –            –
      As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023          20,732        11,748           500                –               –       12,248
      Acquisition through business combinations
        (note 37)                                  207,033             –             –              612         86,385        86,997
      As at 31 March 2024                         227,765         11,748           500              612         86,385       99,245

      Accumulated amortisation
      As at 1 April 2022, 31 March 2023 and
        1 April 2023                                     –             –             –                –               –            –
      Amortisation                                       –             –             –                –          (3,199)      (3,199)
      As at 31 March 2024                                –             –             –                –         (3,199)       (3,199)

      Accumulated impairment
      As at 1 April 2022                                 –             –             –                –               –            –
      Impairment                                    (1,335)            –             –                –               –            –
      As at 31 March 2023, 1 April 2023 and
        31 March 2024                               (1,335)            –             –                –               –            –

      Net carrying amount
      As at 31 March 2024                         226,430         11,748           500              612         83,186       96,046

      As at 31 March 2023                           19,397        11,748           500                –               –       12,248


      The Group’s goodwill mainly arose from business combination in connection with the acquisitions of (i) DL Securities (HK)
      Limited (“DL Securities”); (ii) DA Finance (HK) Limited (“DA Finance”); (iii) Four Seasons Investment Management Limited
      (“Four Seasons”); (iv) DL Family Office Pte. Ltd. (“DL Family Office Singapore”); (v) DL Advisory Services Limited (“DL
      Advisory”); (vi) DL Emerald Wealth Management Limited (“DL Emerald”) and (vii) DL Family Office HK. For acquisition details
      of DL Family Office HK and DL Emerald, please refer to note 37.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (Continued)
      Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, at acquisition, to the CGUs that are expected to benefit from that
      business combination. The carrying amount of goodwill had been allocated as follows:

                                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000

      Financial services of licensed business
         – DL Securities                                                                                            274               274
         – Four Seasons                                                                                           5,951             5,951
         – DL Emerald                                                                                            12,811            12,811
                                                                                                                 19,036            19,036
      Family office services business
        – DL Family Office HK                                                                                207,033                      –
      Money lending services
        – DA Finance                                                                                                98                   98
      Enterprise solutions services
        – DL Advisory                                                                                              263                 263
                                                                                                             226,430               19,397


      The recoverable amount of the CGUs have been determined from value-in-use calculation based on cash flow projections
      from budgets covering a five year period. Cash flow beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted
      average growth rate of 2.5% (2023: 2.5%).

                                                               2024                                                  2023
                                           Financial     Family                                     Financial
                                          services of     office        Money      Enterprise      services of         Money      Enterprise
                                            licensed    services       lending      solutions        licensed         lending      solutions
                                            business    business       services      services        business         services      services

      Discount rate                      12.0%-17.9%     14.40%          13.7%         13.9%     15.6%-20.8%              15.6%       15.6%
      Operating profit margin                10%-68%        49%            51%           10%         15%-54%                71%         16%
      Growth rate within the five-year
        period                                  1.0%     5%-15%           1.0%           1.0%            1.0%              1.0%        1.0%


      The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the provision of financial services of licensed business,
      money lending business and enterprise solutions services, respectively. The operating margin and growth rate within the five-
      year period have been estimated based on management expectation and the result of the market research and prediction.

      Intangible assets included the Securities and Futures Commission (the “SFC”) License Types 1 (dealing in securities), 4 (advising
      on securities) and 6 (advising on corporate finance) of DL Securities, Money Lending License of DA Finance and SFC License
      Types 4 (advising on securities) and 9 (asset management) of DL Family Office HK. The Group regards these licenses to have
      an indefinite useful life and are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      In respect of the licenses which were allocated to the CGUs of the financial services of licensed business, money lending
      business and family office services business acquired, the licenses have no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
      Group can use to generate net cash flows. The directors consider the licenses as having indefinite useful lives because they
      are expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The licenses will not be amortised until their useful life are
      determined to be finite.



110    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (Continued)
      Details of the headroom (the excess of the recoverable amounts over the carrying amounts) attributable to the Group for
      each CGUs as at 31 March 2024 are set out as follows:

                                                               2024                                                  2023
                                           Financial     Family                                     Financial
                                          services of     office        Money     Enterprise       services of          Money     Enterprise
                                            licensed    services       lending     solutions         licensed          lending     solutions
                                            business    business      services      services         business          services     services
                                            HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000

      Headroom                       5,168 -185,211      48,047        85,539         8,880    2,309 -146,662           88,674        9,145


      The directors performed sensitivity analysis based on the assumption that discount rate and growth rate have been changed.
      Had the estimated key assumption during the forecast period been changed as below, the headroom would decrease to
      the amounts as follows:

                                                               2024                                                  2023
                                           Financial     Family                                     Financial
                                          services of     office        Money     Enterprise       services of          Money     Enterprise
                                            licensed    services       lending     solutions         licensed          lending     solutions
                                            business    business      services      services         business          services     services
                                            HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000

      Discount rate increased by 1% 4,491 -178,610       20,120        82,287         8,539    1,851 -141,393           85,697        8,831
      Growth rate within the five-year
        period decreased by 1%         1,376 -178,617    35,856        80,848         7,623     299 -124,024            84,842        8,169


      Amortisation expenses of approximately HK$3,199,000 (2023: nil) have been charged to the general and administrative
      expenses for the year ended 31 March 2024.

      As the cash generating unit of DL Family Office Singapore has been continuously suffering losses, the related goodwill
      impairment loss of HK$1,335,000 had been recognised during the year ended 31 March 2023.


19. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)
      The analysis of deferred tax assets and liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000

      Deferred income tax assets                                                                                     321               256
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                            (13,725)                –
                                                                                                                 (13,404)              256




                                                                           DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

19. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (Continued)
      The net movements on the deferred tax assets/(liabilities) of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                      HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2022                                                                                                  294
      Debited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (note 13)                    (38)
      As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                                 256
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)                                                                            (14,254)
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (note 13)                    594
      As at 31 March 2024                                                                                             (13,404)


      The analysis of deferred tax assets is as follows:

                                                                                                              Decelerated tax
                                                                                                                depreciation
                                                                                                                     HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2022                                                                                                  294
      Debited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income                              (38)
      As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                                256
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income                              65
      As at 31 March 2024                                                                                                 321


      The analysis of deferred tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                 Fair value of
                                                                                                             intangible assets
                                                                                                                      HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2022, 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                     –
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)                                                                            (14,254)
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income                              529
      As at 31 March 2024                                                                                             (13,725)


20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                    Notes         HK$’000             HK$’000

      Non-current portion
      Listed securities
      Equity securities – Hong Kong                                                                 31,596             24,125

      Non-listed securities
      Investment funds                                                                 (i)           5,814              2,436
      Equity investment – outside Hong Kong                                         (ii), 38       115,243            107,125
                                                                                                   152,653            133,686



112    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)
      Notes:

      (i)      The fair value of the unlisted investment funds is based on the net asset value of the investment funds reported to the limited
               partners by the general partners at the end of the reporting period. The fair value change is recorded in the other gains/(losses), net
               in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

      (ii)     It represents investment in an unlisted company related to the acquisition of 27.06% of the interest in Carmel Reserve LLC as the
               non-voting class B membership interest during the year ended 31 March 2021. During the year ended 31 March 2023, the interest
               in Carmel Reserve LLC was diluted to 26.65% due to issuance of new shares.


      The fair values of financial assets at FVTPL are at Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 of the financial value hierarchy (note 40.7).
      Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in note 40.5.


21. INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE

                                                                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                                                                     HK$’000                HK$’000

      Cost of investment in an associate                                                                                      –               63,000
      Share of post-acquisition profit and other comprehensive income                                                         –                1,197
                                                                                                                              –               64,197


      The following list contains only the particulars of an associate, which is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market
      price is not available, which in the opinion of the directors principally affected the results or net assets of the Group as at
      31 March 2023.

                                          Place of
                                          incorporation                                                                            Equity interest
                                          and kind of           Country of                                        Number of             held as at
      Name                                legal entity          operation          Principal activities          shares held       31 March 2024

      DL Family Office HK                 Hong Kong,            Hong Kong          Provision of asset                    NIL        NIL (2023: 45%)
                                            limited                                  management             (2023: 8,195,441
                                            liability                                services and                     shares)
                                            company                                  family office
                                                                                     operations and
                                                                                     services

      During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group has acquired 45% equity interests in DL Family Office HK from DL Global
      Holdings Limited (“DL Global Holdings”), a related company connected to certain directors of the Company, at a cash
      consideration of HK$63,000,000. Pursuant to the sale and purchase agreement and memorandum and article of association
      of DL Family Office HK, one director is nominated by the Group and the Group is able to exert significant influence over
      the financial and operating activities of DL Family Office HK. Accordingly, DL Family Office HK is an associate of the Group
      and its financial result were accounted for in the consolidated financial statements of the Group using the equity method.

      During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group further acquired the remaining 55% equity interests in DL Family Office
      HK from DL Global Holdings at a consideration of HK$220,000,000. Upon the completion of the acquisition on 28 November
      2023, DL Family Office HK became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. Refer to note 37 to the consolidated financial
      statements for the business combination of DL Family Office HK.



                                                                                 DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024             113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

21. INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
      The following tables illustrate of the summarised financial information in respect of DL Family Office HK for the period up
      to 28 November 2023, when the step acquisition of DL Family Office HK was completed, and has been adjusted to reflect
      the fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities at the completion dates of acquisition by the Group, and reconciled to
      the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Current assets                                                                                          –             50,513
      Non-current assets                                                                                      –                 43
      Current liabilities                                                                                     –             (5,909)
      Net assets                                                                                              –             44,647


                                                                                                       For the             For the
                                                                                                  period from         period from
                                                                                                  1 April 2023    17 January 2023
                                                                                              to 28 November          to 31 March
                                                                                                          2023               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                                           37,235               9,228
      Other income                                                                                          15                   3
      Total expenses                                                                                   (16,325)             (6,046)
      Profit before income tax expense                                                                  20,925               3,185
      Income tax expenses                                                                               (2,054)               (526)
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the period                                              18,871               2,659


      A reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the investment in an associate
      is set out below:

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Total net assets of associates                                                                          –             44,647
      Proportion of ownership interests held by Group                                                         –               45%
      Goodwill                                                                                                –             44,106
      Carrying amount of the interest in an associate in the consolidated statements
        of financial position                                                                                 –             64,197




114    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS

                                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000

      Gross trade receivables – margin receivables (note (a))                                                        82,241               102,938
      Gross trade receivables – financial advisory services                                                           8,842                18,569
      Gross trade receivables – family office services                                                               28,941                     –
      Gross trade receivables – sales of apparel products and provision of supply
        chain management total solutions                                                                                900                 3,174
      Gross trade receivables – investment management services                                                       43,966                 7,262
      Gross trade receivables – enterprise solutions services                                                         5,712                 4,109
                                                                                                                   170,602                136,052
      Less: Provision for expected credit loss                                                                      (2,642)                (1,734)
      Trade receivables, net of provision                                                                          167,960                134,318
      Clearing house receivables (note (b))                                                                         59,157                  5,673
      Prepayments                                                                                                    1,024                  2,287
      Payment in advance to suppliers                                                                                    –                     18
      Rental deposits                                                                                                    550                1,517
      Amount due from an associate (note (c))                                                                              –                  952
      Amount due from an investee company (note (c))                                                                    373                   373
      Amounts due from related parties (notes (c) and 36(b))                                                         38,238                    30
      Other receivables and deposits                                                                                    668                 1,969
      Total trade and other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                                  267,970                147,137
      Less: Non-current portion
             Long-term portion of deposits                                                                                  –                 (140)
                                                                                                                   267,970                146,997


      Notes:

      (a)      Margin receivables are secured by the client’s pledged securities with undiscounted market value of approximately HK$505,788,000
               as at 31 March 2024 (2023: HK$599,236,000) which can be sold at the Group’s discretion to settle any margin call requirements
               imposed by their respective securities transactions. Trade receivables from margin clients are repayable on demand and bear interest
               at commercial rates. The Group repledged approximately HK$106,137,000 of the collateral from margin clients to secure the Group’s
               loan facility related to bank borrowing during the year ended 31 March 2024 (2023: HK$129,570,000).

      (b)      Clearing house receivables represent the amount receivable from Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited (“HKSCC”) for
               sell transactions executed by clients but not yet settled in HKSCC pursuant to the T+2 settlement basis. Clearing house receivables
               are neither past due nor impaired and represent unsettled trades transacted on the last two days prior to the end of each reporting
               period and solely related to HKSCC for which there is limited risk of default.

      (c)      As at 31 March 2024, the amounts due from an associate, an investee company and related parties amounting to nil (2023: HK$952,000),
               HK$373,000 (2023: HK$373,000) and HK$38,238,000 (2023: HK$30,000), respectively, are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on
               demand.




                                                                                DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024           115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS (Continued)
      The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, prepayments and deposits approximated their fair values.

      The settlement terms of trade receivables, except for secured margin clients, arising from the business of dealing in securities
      are two days after trade date. In addition, the settlement terms of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited are two
      days after trade date. For the remaining trade receivables, the Group allows an average credit period of 5–90 days (2023:
      30–90 days) to its trade customers of other business.

      No ageing analysis is disclosed for the Group’s margin clients as these margin clients were carried on an open account basis,
      and only fall due on conditions or on demand by the Group. The directors of the Company consider that an ageing analysis
      does not give additional value in the view of the value of business of margin financing. At 31 March 2024, the ageing analysis
      of trade receivables, net ECL allowance of HK$2,642,000 (2023: HK$1,734,000), (except margin receivables) based on invoice
      date (or date of revenue recognition if earlier) is as follows:

                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000

      1 to 30 days                                                                                        35,524               22,747
      31 to 60 days                                                                                          520                3,920
      61 to 90 days                                                                                          439                  825
      Over 90 days                                                                                        49,236                3,888
                                                                                                          85,719               31,380


      The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime
      expected loss provision for trade receivables. To measure the ECL, these receivables have been grouped based on shared
      credit risk characteristics and the ageing from billing. For margin receivables, the Group applied the general approach in
      calculating ECL and recognise an ECL allowance based on 12-month ECL at each reporting date. Margin receivables have been
      grouped based on the shortfall of loan balances over the respective collateral amounts and the days past due.

      The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The maximum exposure to credit risk at
      the reporting date is the fair value of each class of receivables mentioned above. Other than margin receivables, the Group
      does not hold any collateral as securities on its trade receivables.

      The movement in the provision for ECL allowance of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000

      Balance as at 1 April                                                                                 1,734                 666
      ECL allowance for the year                                                                            2,279               1,068
      Written off                                                                                          (1,371)                  –
      Balance as at 31 March                                                                                2,642               1,734




116    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS (Continued)
      The carrying amounts of the trade and other receivables, prepayments and deposits are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000
      – Denominated in United States dollars (“US$”)                                                     3,780             15,550
      – Denominated in HK$                                                                             262,008            130,096
      – Denominated in Euro dollars (“Euro”)                                                                11                  –
      – Denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”)                                                                  2,034                 1,411
      – Denominated in Singapore dollars (“SG$”)                                                           137                    80
                                                                                                       267,970            147,137


23. LOAN AND INTEREST RECEIVABLES
      Each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables.
      Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by management.

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Loan receivables                                                                                 129,559            174,054
      Less: Provision for ECL on loan receivables                                                       (7,630)            (2,136)
      Loan receivables, net of provision                                                               121,929            171,918
      Interest receivables                                                                              10,873                11,474
      Less: Provision for ECL on interest receivables                                                     (734)                 (144)
      Interest receivables, net of provision                                                            10,139                11,330
                                                                                                       132,068            183,248


      The credit quality analysis of the loan and interest receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Loan receivables
      Neither past due nor impaired
        – Secured                                                                                        7,067              8,117
        – Unsecured                                                                                    114,862            163,801
                                                                                                       121,929            171,918

      Interest receivables
      Neither past due nor impaired
         – Secured                                                                                         893                   863
         – Unsecured                                                                                     9,246                10,467
                                                                                                        10,139                11,330
                                                                                                       132,068            183,248




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

23. LOAN AND INTEREST RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Loan with gross carrying amount of (i) HK$1,200,000 (2023: HK$1,200,000) is secured by the shares of certain companies
      incorporated in BVI; (ii) HK$4,750,000 (2023: HK$5,000,000) is secured by certain loans and interest receivables of the
      customer; and (iii) HK$2,000,000 (2023: HK$2,000,000) is secured by the securities account maintained in the subsidiary of
      the Group, DL Securities, investment in limited partnership fund of US$250,000.

      The carrying amounts of the loan and interest receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                                           HK$’000               HK$’000
      – Denominated in HK$                                                                                  128,568              179,005
      – Denominated in US$                                                                                    3,500                4,243
                                                                                                            132,068              183,248


      Loan receivables bear interest from 8.0% – 15.0% (2023: 8.0% – 15.0%) per annum and repayable in fixed terms agreed with
      customers. Interest receivables bear interest from 8.0% – 36.0% (2023: 8.0% – 36.0%) per annum for default interest and
      repayable in fixed terms agreed with customers.

      As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, all loan and interest receivables based on the maturity date, are within one year.

      The maximum exposure to credit risk at each of the reporting date is the carrying value of the loan and interest receivables
      mentioned above.

                                                                                           Loan             Interest
                                                                                     receivables         receivables               Total
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000

      As at 1 April 2022                                                                 159,790                6,843             166,633
      New loans originated                                                               178,558               16,623             195,181
      Amounts recovered or repaid during the year                                       (165,914)             (12,060)           (177,974)
      Reversal of ECL allowance on loan and interest receivables                           1,620                   68               1,688
      ECL allowance recognised during the year                                            (2,136)                (144)             (2,280)
      As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                              171,918               11,330             183,248
      New loans originated                                                               49,010                5,597              54,607
      Amounts recovered or repaid during the year                                       (93,505)              (6,198)            (99,703)
      Reversal of ECL allowance on loan and interest receivables                             994                  82                1,076
      ECL allowance under recognised during the year                                      (6,488)               (672)              (7,160)
      As at 31 March 2024                                                               121,929               10,139             132,068


      For loan and interest receivables that are not credit-impaired without significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition
      (“Stage 1”), ECL is measured at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime ECL that results from default events possible
      within the next 12 months. If a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is identified (“Stage 2”) but not
      yet deemed to be credit-impaired, ECL is measured based on lifetime ECL. If credit impaired is identified (“Stage 3”), ECL is
      measured based on lifetime ECL. In general, when loan and interest receivables are overdue by 30 days, there is significant
      increase in credit risk.

      Directors consider that the fair values of loan and interest receivables are not materially different from their carrying amounts
      because these amounts have short maturity periods on their inception.

118    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                                           2024                   2023
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000

      Cash at banks (note (b))                                                                                            39,603                 83,314
      Bank balances – trust (note (a))                                                                                   158,110                244,179
      Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                                                    197,713                327,493
      Cash on hand                                                                                                           239                    190
      Cash and cash equivalents per the consolidated statement of cash flows                                             197,952                327,683


      Notes:

      (a)      The Group maintains segregated trust accounts with licensed banks to hold client’s monies arising from its securities brokerage and
               margin financing business. The Group has classified the client’s monies as bank balances – trust under the current assets of the
               consolidated statement of financial position and recognised the corresponding trade payables to the respective clients on the ground
               that it is liable for any loss or misappropriation of client’s monies. The Group is restricted to use the client’s monies to settle its own
               obligations and could only use the client’s monies in accordance with the Hong Kong Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules.

      (b)      Included in cash at banks of the Group is HK$1,435,000 (2023: HK$63,000) of bank balances denominated in RMB with banks in
               the PRC. RMB is not a freely convertible currency. Under the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulation, the Group is permitted to
               exchange RMB for foreign currencies through banks that are submitted to conduct foreign exchange business.


      The cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                           2024                   2023
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000
      – Denominated in HK$                                                                                               183,627                299,873
      – Denominated in US$                                                                                                10,460                 22,896
      – Denominated in Euro                                                                                                  729                  1,487
      – Denominated in RMB                                                                                                 1,821                  2,445
      – Denominated in SG$                                                                                                 1,007                    982
      – Denominated in other currencies                                                                                      308                      –
                                                                                                                         197,952                327,683




                                                                                   DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024               119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

25. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                         Nominal
                                                                                                        Number of         value of
                                                                                                   ordinary shares ordinary shares
                                                                                                                          HK$’000

      Authorised share capital
      As at 1 April 2022, 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2024                                            10,000,000,000              100,000

      Issued and fully paid
      As at 1 April 2022                                                                               1,430,121,000              14,301
      Issuance of ordinary share under Share Option Scheme (note (a))                                     23,835,350                 238
      As at 31 March 2023, 1 April 2023 and 31 March 2024                                            1,453,956,350                14,539


      Note:

      (a)     On 20 September 2022, the Company was approved for bonus issue of shares on the basis of one new share for every 60 existing
              ordinary shares held by the members on 29 September 2022. A total of 23,835,350 shares were issued on 14 October 2022.


26. RESERVES
      (a)     Share premium
              Under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, the funds in the share premium account of the Company are
              distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend
              is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary
              course of business.


      (b)     Share options reserve
              The share options reserve represents the cumulative charge to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
              comprehensive income for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute
              to the success of the Group’s operations.


      (c)     Share award reserve and share held for share award scheme
              The Share Award Scheme adopted on 8 September 2020 to recognise the contributions by the Group’s employees and
              to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for their continual operation and development of the Group;
              and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. For details, please refer to note 11.


      (d)     Capital reserve
              The capital reserve represents the difference between the combined capital of group subsidiaries acquired over the
              nominal value of the share capital of the Company issued in exchange thereof.


      (e)     Translation reserve
              Translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
              of foreign operations.




120     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

26. RESERVES (Continued)
      As at 31 March 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the Companies Act,
      Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, amounted to approximately HK$174,236,000
      (2023: HK$212,672,000). Amount represented other reserves after setting off accumulated losses of the Company, which
      may be distributable provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the
      Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.


27. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000

      Trade payables (note (a))                                                                                      1,292                  8,868
      Trade payables to securities brokerage clients (note (b))                                                    207,677                240,340
      Contract liabilities (note (e))                                                                                  179                  1,336
      Provision for reinstatement cost                                                                                   –                    250
      Accrued employee benefits expenses                                                                              1,760                   653
      Other payables (note (c))                                                                                      15,160                11,743
      Amounts due to related parties (notes (d) and 36(b))                                                                –                   138
                                                                                                                   226,068                263,328


      Notes:

      (a)      Trade payables

               The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated their fair values. The Group was granted by its suppliers with credit
               periods ranging from 30–90 days (2023: 30–90 days). Based on the invoice dates, the ageing analysis of the trade payables (excluding
               trade payables to securities brokerage clients) were as follows:

                                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000

               1 to 30 days                                                                                              899                 8,032
               31 to 60 days                                                                                               –                   439
               61 to 90 days                                                                                               –                   222
               Over 90 days                                                                                              393                   175
                                                                                                                       1,292                 8,868




                                                                                DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024           121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

27. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)   Trade payables to securities brokerage clients

                                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000

            Trade payables from the business of dealing in securities:
              – Trade payables – margin clients                                                                    88,792                215,728
              – Trade payables – cash clients                                                                     118,885                 24,612
                                                                                                                  207,677                240,340


      (c)   It mainly represents (i) amounts due to limited partnership funds; and (ii) accruals of audit fee, consultancy fee, sales commission,
            interest payables and other operating expenses.

      (d)   The amounts due were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

      (e)   As at 31 March 2024, no contract liabilities that is expected to be settled after more than one year (2023: HK$28,000).


      The directors of the Company considered that the fair values of trade payables to margin clients are not materially different
      from their carrying amounts because these amounts have short maturity periods on their inception.

      No ageing analysis of margin clients is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ageing analysis does
      not give additional value in view of the nature of this business.


28. PROMISSORY NOTES
      On 20 March 2023, the Group issued one promissory note amounting to HK$14,820,000 to a third party and is unsecured,
      bears interest rate of 8% per annum and matures in 3 months from the date of issue, on 19 June 2023. The promissory note
      was renewed four times with the same terms and conditions and is mature on 19 June 2024.

      On 20 September 2023, 22 November 2023 and 19 December 2023, the Group issued three promissory notes in aggregate
      amounting HK$22,350,000 to a third party and are unsecured, bears interest rate of 10% per annum and matured in 3
      months from the date of issue, from which HK$1,000,000 was early repaid during the year ended 31 March 2024. The three
      promissory notes were renewed with the same terms and conditions and with maturity dates of 19 June 2024, 21 May 2024
      and 18 June 2024.

      On 28 November 2023, the Group issued a promissory note amounting to HK$150,000,000 to DL Global Holdings, as part
      of the consideration for the acquisition of the 55% equity interests in DL Family Office HK (note 37), The promissory note
      is unsecured, interest free, and with a maturity date of 27 November 2025. The promissory note is measured at amortised
      cost using effective interest rate method with the effective rate at 6.3% per annum.




122     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

28. PROMISSORY NOTES (Continued)
      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the promissory notes:

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Total minimum payments:
      Due within one year                                                                              36,806               15,116
      Due in the second to fifth years                                                                150,000                    –
      Future finance charges on promissory notes                                                      (15,255)                 (260)
      Present value of promissory notes                                                               171,551               14,856

      Present value of minimum lease payments:
      Due within one year                                                                              36,163               14,856
      Due in the second to fifth years                                                                135,388                    –
                                                                                                      171,551                14,856
      Less: Portion due within one year included under current liabilities                            (36,163)              (14,856)
      Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                               135,388                     –



29. BANK BORROWING

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Current bank borrowing                                                                            51,000              50,000


      As at 31 March 2024, the bank borrowing is repayable within 1 year with the interest rate of 2.3% (2023: 2.3%) per annum over
      Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate as determined by the bank for an interest period of 3 months on the first business day of
      such interest period. The average rate during the year ended 31 March 2024 was 7.05% (2023: 4.35%). The exposure of the
      bank borrowing to interest rate changes and the contractual repricing dates as at 31 March 2023 and 2024 were within 1 year.

      As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, the bank borrowing is secured by corporate guarantee given by the Company.

      The Group repledged approximately HK$106,137,000 of the collateral from margin clients to secure the Group’s loan facility
      related to bank borrowing during the year ended 31 March 2024 (2023: HK$129,570,000).

      The carrying amount of the bank borrowing as at 31 March 2023 and 2024 was denominated in HK$ and approximated its
      fair value.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

30. BONDS PAYABLE

                                                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000

      Bonds carried at fixed coupon rate of 5% per annum (note (a))                                               16,000               11,000
      Bonds carried at fixed coupon rate of 8% per annum (note (b))                                               30,000               74,000
      Bonds carried at fixed coupon rate of 10% per annum (note (c))                                              38,000               20,000
                                                                                                                  84,000              105,000
      Less: non-current portion                                                                                  (64,000)             (41,000)
      Current portion                                                                                             20,000               64,000


      Notes:

      (a)      The Company issued 5% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2024 with aggregate principal amount of HK$5,000,000.
               The amounts were repayable within 48 months from the date of issue.

               The Company issued 5% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2023 with aggregate principal amount of HK$5,000,000.
               The amounts were repayable within 84 months from the date of issue.

               The Company issued 5% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2021 with aggregate principal amount of HK$6,000,000.
               The amounts were repayable within 84 months from the date of issue.

      (b)      The Company issued 8% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2022 with the aggregate principal amount of
               HK$87,000,000 of which HK$30,000,000 was repayable within 60 months from the date of issue, HK$44,000,000 was repayable
               within 24 months from the date of issue and HK$13,000,000 was repayable within 12 months from the date of issue, respectively,
               from which HK$44,000,000 (2023: HK$13,000,000) was fully repaid during the year ended 31 March 2024.

               As at 31 March 2023, HK$44,000,000 was repayable within 12 months.

      (c)      The Company issued 10% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2024 with the aggregate principal amount of
               HK$38,000,000, of which HK$18,000,000 was repayable within 24 months from date of issue and HK$20,000,000 was repayable
               within 12 months from date of issue.

               The Company issued 10% coupon unlisted bonds during the year ended 31 March 2023 with the aggregate principal amount of
               HK$20,000,000. The amounts of HK$20,000,000 was repayable within 12 months from the date of issue, from which it was fully
               repaid during the year ended 31 March 2024.

               As at 31 March 2024, HK$20,000,000 (2023: HK$20,000,000) was repayable within 12 months.




124     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

31. LEASE LIABILITIES
      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities:

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

      Total minimum lease payments:
      Due within one year                                                                                  470               4,190
      Due in the second to fifth years                                                                       –                 390
                                                                                                           470               4,580
      Future finance charges on lease liabilities                                                           (2)                (50)
      Present value of lease liabilities                                                                   468               4,530

      Present value of minimum lease payments:
      Due within one year                                                                                  468               4,140
      Due in the second to fifth years                                                                       –                 390
                                                                                                            468               4,530
      Less: Portion due within one year included under current liabilities                                 (468)             (4,140)
      Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                                       –                390


      The Group has obtained the right to use of office and staff quarter through the tenancy agreements. The leases typically run
      on an initial period of one to two years (2023: one to two years). The Group makes fixed payments during the contract period.

      During the year ended 31 March 2024, the total cash outflows for the leases are HK$4,206,000 (2023: HK$7,123,000). At 31
      March 2024, the Group has entered into leases for the items listed as follows:

                                                                                  Range of
      Types of right-      Financial statements item of           Number of       remaining lease
      of-use assets        right-of-use assets included in        leases          term               Particulars

      Staff quarter        Right-of-use assets (2023: Right-of-   1 (2023: 1)     0.17 year (2023:   – Subject to monthly fixed
                             use assets)                                             1.17 year)          payment
      Office premises      Right-of-use assets (2023: Right-of-   1 (2023: 1)     0.08 year (2023:   – Subject to monthly fixed
                             use assets)                                             1.08 year)          payment
      Office premises      Not applicable as low-value            Nil (2023: 1)   N/A (2023: 0.42    – N/A (2023: 6 months rent-
                             recognition exemptions under                            year)                free period)
                             HKFRS 16 applied (2023: Not
                             applicable as low-value
                             recognition exemptions under
                             HKFRS 16 applied)
      Office premises      Right-of-use assets (2023: Not         1 (2023: Nil)   0.88 year          – Subject to monthly fixed
                             applicable as low-value                                 (2023: N/A)          payment
                             recognition exemptions under
                             HKFRS 16 applied)


      The Group considered that no extension option or termination option would be exercised at the lease commencement date.




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

32. SUBSIDIARIES
      Details of the subsidiaries held by the Company as at 31 March 2023 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                  Equity interest held
                                             Place of incorporation         Place of                                                         Issued and fully       as at 31 March
      Name                                   and kind of legal entity       operation        Principal activities                          paid share capital       2024           2023

      Directly held
      Best Flight Limited                  BVI, limited liability           BVI              Investment holding                                           US$1      100%          100%
                                             company                                                                                              (2023: US$1)
      DL Alternative Investments Limited   BVI, limited liability           BVI              Investment holding                                         US$100      100%          100%
                                             company                                                                                            (2023: US$100)
      DL Asset Management Limited          BVI, limited liability           BVI              Investment holding                                         US$100      100%          100%
        (“DL Asset Management”)              company                                                                                            (2023: US$100)
      DL ESG Consulting Limited (formerly  Hong Kong, limited liability     Hong Kong        Dormant                                                HK$10,000       100%          100%
        known as DL Holdings (HK) Limited)   company                                                                                        (2023: HK$10,000)
      DL General Partner (HK) Limited      Hong Kong, limited liability     Hong Kong        Investment management                             HK$15,000,000        100%          100%
                                             company                                                                                    (2023: HK$15,000,000)
      DJT Partner Limited                  Cayman Islands, limited          Cayman Islands   Investment holding                                           US$1      100%          100%
                                             liability company                                                                                    (2023: US$1)
      DL Institute for New Economic        Hong Kong, limited liability     Hong Kong        Provision of financial advisory services               HK$10,000       100%           N/A
        Research Limited (formerly known     company                                                                                                (2023: N/A)
        as DL New Economy Research
        Institute Limited)
      DL Investment Holdings US, LLC       United States, limited           United States    Investment holding                                  US$5,000,000       100%          100%
                                             liability company                                                                           (2023: US$5,000,000)
      Everlasting Win Limited              BVI, limited liability company   BVI              Provision of financial advisory services                    US$1       100%          100%
                                                                                                                                                  (2023: US$1)
      Four Seasons                           Cayman Islands, limited        Cayman Islands   Investment management                                   US$1,000       100%          100%
                                               liability company                                                                             (2023: US$1,000)
      Heritage Global Management Limited     BVI, limited liability         BVI              Investment management                                     US$100       100%          100%
                                               company                                                                                          (2023:US$100)
      Instant Glad Investments Limited       BVI, limited liability         BVI              Investment holding                                        US$100       100%          100%
         (“Instant Glad”)                      company                                                                                        (2023: US $100)
      Trinity Ally Limited                   BVI, limited liability         BVI              Investment holding                                          US$1       100%          100%
                                               company                                                                                            (2023: US$1)
      Vente Capital Partners Limited         BVI, limited liability         BVI              Asset management                                          US$100       100%          100%
                                               company                                                                                         (2023: US$100)




126     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

32. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                                                             Equity interest held
                                             Place of incorporation         Place of                                                     Issued and fully      as at 31 March
      Name                                   and kind of legal entity       operation   Principal activities                           paid share capital      2024           2023

      Indirectly held
      DL Advisory                           Hong Kong, limited liability    Hong Kong   Provision of global identity planning                     HK$100       100%          100%
                                               company                                    consultancy services                             (2023: HK$100)
      DA Finance                            Hong Kong, limited liability    Hong Kong   Provision of equity pledge financing               HK$10,010,000       100%          100%
                                               company                                    services and money lending services       (2023: HK$10,010,000)
      DL Digital Family Office (HK)         Hong Kong, limited liability    Hong Kong   Provision of securities advisory                     HK$5,000,000      100%          100%
        Limited (formerly known as DL Asset company                                       services and asset management              (2023: HK$5,000,000)
        Management (HK) Limited or DL
        Capital (HK) Limited)
      DL Emerald (note (b))                 Hong Kong, limited liability    Hong Kong   Provision of insurance brokerage services           HK$1,750,000       100%          100%
                                               company                                                                               (2023: HK$1,750,000)
      DL Family Office HK (note (a))        Hong Kong, limited liability    Hong Kong   Provision of family office services                HK$18,212,092       100%           N/A
                                               company
      DL Family Office Singapore            Singapore, limited liability    Singapore   Provision of family office services                   SG$1,244,000     100%          100%
                                               company                                                                                (2023: SG$1,244,000)
      DL Securities                         Hong Kong, limited liability    Hong Kong   Provision of financial advisory services            HK$97,150,000      100%          100%
                                               company                                    and securities brokerage business         (2023: HK$97,150,000)
      Shanghai Linyu Enterprise             PRC, limited liability          PRC         Provision of financial advisory services             RMB3,000,000      100%          100%
        Management Co., Ltd.                   company                                                                               (2023: RMB3,000,000)
        上海林譽企業管理有限公司*
      Seazon Pacific Limited                Hong Kong, limited liability    Hong Kong   Sales of apparel product with the                      HK$10,000       100%          100%
                                               company                                    provision of supply chain                     (2023: HK$10,000)
                                                                                          management total solutions
                                                                                          to customers
      Sureway ODM Limited                    Hong Kong, limited liability   Hong Kong   Dormant (2023: Sales of apparel                        HK$10,000       100%          100%
                                               company                                    product with the provision of supply          (2023: HK$10,000)
                                                                                          chain management total solutions
                                                                                          to customers)
      Topper Alliance Holding Limited        Hong Kong, limited liability   Hong Kong   Investment holding                                     HK$10,000       100%          100%
                                               company                                                                                  (2023: HK$10,000)
      Vente Capital Partners GP Limited      Hong Kong, limited liability   Hong Kong   Dormant                                                HK$10,000       100%          100%
        (HK)                                   company                                                                                  (2023: HK$10,000)


      *        The English translation of the name of the company established in the PRC is for reference only. The official name of the company
               is in Chinese.

      Notes:

      (a)      During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group acquired DL Family Office HK from DL Global Holdings. Further details of the
               acquisition are included in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

      (b)      During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group acquired DL Emerald from DL Family Office Limited (“DL Family Office BVI”), a
               company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability and a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of DL Global Holdings.
               Further details of the acquisition are included in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024                               127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

33. COMMITMENTS
      33.1 Capital commitment

                                                                                                        2024          2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000
            Contracted but not provided for
              Capital injection to limited partnership fund                                             9,276         3,276


      33.2 Commitment as lessee
            At the end of the reporting period, the lease commitment for low-value asset lease is as follows:

                                                                                                        2024          2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000
            Within one year                                                                                     –        16


            As at 31 March 2023, the total future cash outflows for this lease amounting to HK$16,000 in aggregate which are
            included in the table above.

34. CASH FLOW INFORMATION
      (a)   Net cash (used in)/generated from operations

                                                                                                        2024          2023
                                                                                    Notes            HK$’000        HK$’000
            Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                          104,837        (43,759)
            Adjustments for:
              – Finance costs                                                        12                15,995        11,113
              – Finance income                                                       12                 (3,254)        (715)
              – Share options granted                                                11                       –      15,506
              – Amortisation of intangible assets                                    7                   3,199            –
              – Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                        7                     831          930
              – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  7                   4,422        5,971
              – Impairment of goodwill                                               7                        –       1,335
              – Early termination of lease                                           6                        –           2
              – Dividend income                                                      6                  (1,022)         (12)
              – ECL of trade receivables, net                                        7                   2,279        1,068
              – ECL of loan and interest receivables, net                            7                   6,084          592
              – Written off of property, plant and equipment                         7                       24         830
              – Fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets at FVTPL, net          6                (29,873)        3,184
              – (Losses)/Gains on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL, net        6                      (70)     37,750
              – Remeasurement gain on step acquisition                               6                (67,964)            –
              – Share profit of an associate                                         21                 (8,492)      (1,197)
            Operating profit before working capital changes                                            26,996        32,598
            Changes in working capital:
              – Trade and other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                 (63,769)       81,281
              – Loans and interest receivables                                                         45,096       (17,207)
              – Trade and other payables                                                              (38,588)      102,165
              – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                  14,704             –
            Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                                  (15,561)      198,837




128    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

34. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities from financing activities

                                                           Trade and
                                                               other     Promissory          Bank        Bonds           Lease
                                                            payables          notes     borrowing      payable       liabilities      Total
                                                             (note 27)      (note 28)     (note 29)    (note 30)       (note 31)
                                                             HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000
            Balance as at 1 April 2022                       160,281          25,000        80,000       93,000         10,013      368,294
            Cash flows:
            Capital element of lease rentals paid                   –              –             –            –          (6,883)      (6,883)
            Issuance of promissory notes                            –         14,820             –            –               –       14,820
            Interest paid                                      (3,575)          (515)            –       (6,811)              –      (10,901)
            Interest element of lease rentals paid                  –              –             –            –            (176)        (176)
            Repayment of bank borrowing                             –              –       (30,000)           –               –      (30,000)
            Proceeds from issuance of bonds payable                 –              –             –       25,000               –       25,000
            Repayment of bonds payable                              –              –             –      (13,000)              –      (13,000)
            Repayment of promissory notes                           –        (25,000)            –            –               –      (25,000)
            Increase in amounts due to related parties            138              –             –            –               –          138
                                                               (3,437)       (10,695)      (30,000)       5,189          (7,059)     (46,002)
            Non-cash:
            Addition in lease (note 34(c)(ii))                     –              –              –            –          1,649        1,649
            Early termination of lease                             –              –              –            –           (249)        (249)
            Interest on promissory notes                           –            551              –            –              –          551
            Interest arising from bank borrowing               3,575              –              –            –              –        3,575
            Interest arising from bonds payable                    –              –              –        6,811              –        6,811
            Interest arising from lease liabilities                –              –              –            –            176          176
            Other changes (note)                             102,909              –              –            –              –      102,909
                                                             106,484            551              –        6,811          1,576      115,422
            Balance as at 31 March 2023 and
               1 April 2023                                  263,328         14,856        50,000      105,000           4,530      437,714
            Cash flows:
            Capital element of lease rentals paid                   –             –             –             –         (4,154)       (4,154)
            Issuance of promissory notes                            –        22,350             –             –               –      22,350
            Interest paid                                      (3,657)       (2,204)            –        (7,378)              –     (13,239)
            Interest element of lease rentals paid                  –             –             –             –             (52)          (52)
            Repayment of bank borrowing                             –             –       (40,000)            –               –     (40,000)
            Proceeds from bank borrowing                            –             –        41,000             –               –      41,000
            Proceeds from issuance of bonds payable                 –             –             –        43,000               –      43,000
            Repayment of bonds payable                              –             –             –       (64,000)              –     (64,000)
            Repayment of promissory notes                           –        (1,000)            –             –               –       (1,000)
            Decrease in amounts due to related parties           (138)            –             –             –               –         (138)
                                                               (3,795)       19,146         1,000       (28,378)        (4,206)     (16,233)
            Non-cash:
            Addition in lease (note 34(c)(ii))                      –              –             –            –             92            92
            Issuance of promissory notes for acquisition
               of subsidiary (note 37)                             –        132,641              –           –               –      132,641
            Interest on promissory notes                           –          4,908              –           –               –        4,908
            Interest arising from bank borrowing               3,657              –              –           –               –        3,657
            Interest arising from bonds payable                    –              –              –       7,378               –        7,378
            Interest arising from lease liabilities                –              –              –           –              52           52
            Other changes (note)                             (37,122)             –              –           –               –      (37,122)
                                                             (33,465)       137,549              –       7,378             144      111,606
            Balance as at 31 March 2024                      226,068        171,551        51,000       84,000             468      533,087

            Note: Other changes represented increase in trade and other payables included in operating activities.

      (c)   Non-cash transactions

            (i)    Additions of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities amounting to HK$92,000 (2023: HK$1,649,000) (note 17)
                   were recognised during the year ended 31 March 2024.

                                                                              DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

35. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      The Group did not have material contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2023 and 2024.

36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)   Details of the transactions between the Group and its related parties are summarised below:
            Save as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following significant
            transactions with related companies during the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024.

                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000
            Advisory and management fee income                                                          5,802                   –
            Management fee income                                                                         604               1,752
            Management fee expense                                                                      1,058                  63
            Building management fee expense                                                               415                   –


            Advisory and management fee income of HK$5,802,000 (2023: nil) was received from Mr. Chen and his family during
            the period from 29 November 2023 to 31 March 2024. The transaction constitutes continuing connected transactions as
            defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided
            in the directors’ report.

            Management fee income of HK$604,000 (2023: HK$1,752,000) was received from the limited partnership funds,
            companies controlled by the executive director, during the year ended 31 March 2024.

            Management fee expense of HK$32,000 (2023: HK$63,000) was paid to DL Family Office HK, as a then associate of
            the Group, for its services provided as investment manager of the limited partnership funds during the period from
            1 April 2023 to 28 November 2023 (2023: for the year ended 31 March 2023).

            Management fee expense of HK$1,026,000 (2023: nil) was paid to DL Family China (HK) Limited (“DL Family China”), a
            company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of DL Family Office
            BVI, during the period from 29 November 2023 to 31 March 2024.

            Building management fee expense of HK$415,000 (2023: nil) was paid to Asia Family Heritage Club Limited, a company
            incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability during the period from 29 November 2023 to 31 March 2024.

      (b)   Balances with related parties

                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000
            Trade receivables due from Mr. Chen and his family, net of ECL allowance                   16,460                   –

            Amounts due from related parties
            DL Family China                                                                               904
            DL Family Office BVI                                                                       34,710                   –
            DL Global Holdings                                                                          2,507                   –
            Asia Family Heritage Club Limited*                                                             26                   –
            DL Fund VCC*                                                                                   91                  30
                                                                                                       38,894                  30
            Amounts due to related parties
            DL Family Office BVI                                                                             –                110
            Rainbow Easy Limited*                                                                            –                 28
                                                                                                             –                138

            *      Being related companies controlled by Mr. Chen and Ms. Jiang.


130    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (c)   Key management compensation
            Key management includes directors (executive and non-executive), five highest paid individuals as disclosed in note 9
            and note 10 and the other senior management of the Group. The compensation paid or payable to key management
            for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000

            Salaries, bonus and other short-term employee benefits                                      10,982              11,426
            Share-based payment expenses                                                                     –               3,229
            Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                     128                 144
                                                                                                        11,110              14,799


37. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES
      Business combinations

                                                                                               Proportion of         Consideration
      Acquiree                            Principal activities           Date of acquisition   shares acquired         transferred

      For the year ended 31 March 2024
      DL Family Office HK              Provision of family               28 November 2023      55%                  HK$202,641,000
                                         office services business
      For the year ended 31 March 2023
      DL Emerald                       Provision of insurance            18 October 2022       100%                  HK$15,500,000
                                         brokerage service

      DL Family Office HK
      During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group has acquired 45% equity interests in DL Family Office HK from DL Global
      Holdings at a cash consideration of HK$63,000,000. During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group further acquired the
      remaining 55% equity interests in DL Family Office HK from DL Global Holdings at a consideration of HK$220,000,000. Upon
      the completion of the acquisition on 28 November 2023, DL Family Office HK became a fully owned subsidiary of the Group.

      The Group accordingly remeasured the fair value of its pre-existing interest in DL Family Office HK at the date of completion
      and goodwill of approximately HK$207,033,000 (note 18). Goodwill arose in the acquisition as the cost of the combination
      included a control premium. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination effectively included amounts in
      relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue growth, future market development and the assembled workforce.
      These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
      intangible assets.

      None of the goodwill arising on the acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

      Acquisition-related costs amounting to HK$907,500 have been excluded from the consideration transferred and have been
      recognised as expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

37. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Business combinations (Continued)
      DL Family Office HK (Continued)
      The following table summarises the details of the carrying value and fair value of the Group’s pre-existing interest in DL
      Family Office HK at the acquisition date.

                                                                                                                        As at
                                                                                                                 28 November
                                                                                                                        2023
                                                                                                                     HK$’000

      Share of net assets                                                                                               72,689
      Less: Fair value of pre-existing interest                                                                       (140,653)
      Remeasurement gain on step acquisition                                                                            (67,964)


      The following table summarises the consideration paid for DL Family Office HK and the fair value of assets and liabilities
      assumed at the acquisition date.

                                                                                                                    Recognised
                                                                                                                     values on
                                                                                                                    acquisition
                                                                                                                      HK$’000

      Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                                                 36
      Intangible assets other than goodwill (note 18)                                                                    86,997
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                        49,600
      Contract assets                                                                                                      4,492
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          10,872
      Trade and other payables                                                                                            (1,482)
      Deferred tax liabilities (note 19)                                                                                (14,254)
      Net assets acquired                                                                                              136,261
      Goodwill (note 18)                                                                                               207,033
                                                                                                                       343,294

      Total consideration satisfied by:
      Cash consideration                                                                                                70,000
      Promissory note (note 28)                                                                                        132,641
      Fair value of pre-existing interest                                                                              140,653
                                                                                                                       343,294

      Net cash outflow arising on acquisition of DL Family Office HK
      Cash consideration paid                                                                                           (70,000)
      Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                 10,872
                                                                                                                        (59,128)




132    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

37. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Business combinations (Continued)
      DL Family Office HK (Continued)
      Impact of acquisition on the result of the Group
      Included in the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 March 2024 is revenue of approximately HK$13,818,000 and loss
      of approximately HK$1,176,000 attributable to the additional business generated by DL Family Office HK.

      If the step acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2023, the Group’s revenue would have been approximately HK$239,589,000
      and profit before income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$106,995,000 for the year ended 31 March
      2024. This pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results
      of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisitions been completed on 1 April 2023,
      nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

      DL Emerald
      On 23 May 2022, DL Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into share purchase agreement
      with DL Family Office BVI, to acquire 100% equity interest in DL Emerald at total consideration of HK$15,500,000. The
      acquisition was completed on 18 October 2022.

      DL Emerald is principally engaged in provision of insurance brokerage services. The acquisition of DL Emerald is to allow
      the Group to enter into the insurance brokerage business, which would be complimentary to the existing financial services
      provided by the Group and is an important step for the Group to develop into a full-services integrated financial services
      provider.

      Goodwill of approximately HK$12,811,000 (note 18) arose from expected future development of DL Emerald’s business and
      improvement on market coverage.

      The following table summarises the consideration paid for DL Emerald and the fair value of assets and liabilities assumed
      at the acquisition date.

                                                                                                                        Recognised
                                                                                                                         values on
                                                                                                                        acquisition
                                                                                                                          HK$’000

      Trade and other receivables                                                                                             1,268
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               1,913
      Trade and other payables                                                                                                 (492)
      Net assets acquired                                                                                                     2,689
      Goodwill (note 18)                                                                                                     12,811
                                                                                                                             15,500

      Total purchase consideration settled in cash during the year                                                           15,500

      Net cash outflow arising on acquisition of DL Emerald
      Cash consideration paid                                                                                                (15,500)
      Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                       1,913
                                                                                                                             (13,587)




                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

37. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Business combinations (Continued)
      Impact of acquisition on the result of the Group
      Included in the consolidated loss for the year ended 31 March 2024 is revenue of approximately HK$7,486,000 and profit
      of approximately HK$1,123,000 attributable to the additional business generated by DL Emerald.

      If the acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2022, the Group’s revenue would have been approximately HK$198,602,000 and
      loss before income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$42,636,000 for the year ended 31 March 2024.
      This pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
      operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisitions been completed on 1 April 2022, nor
      is it intended to be a projection of future results.


38. INTERESTS IN STRUCTURED ENTITIES
      Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated
      Structured entities for which the Group served as general partner and/or manager, therefore has power over them during the
      reporting periods are investment fund. Interest held by the Group includes fees charged by providing management services
      and investment made by the Group. The Group’s exposure to the variable returns in the remaining structured entities in
      which the Group has interests is not significant. Besides, the Group did not provide financial support to these structured
      entities. The Group therefore did not consolidate these structured entities.

      The carrying amount of the investments in the consolidated statement of financial position are equal to the maximum
      exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group as at the end
      of the period. As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amount of the investments are HK$5,814,000 (2023: HK$2,436,000) (note 20).

      As at 31 March 2024, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the Group amounted to
      HK$2,580,147,000 (2023: HK$2,960,781,000). As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amount of interests held by the Group in
      these unconsolidated structured entities are HK$5,814,000 (2023: HK$2,436,000).

      During the year ended 31 March 2024, income derived from these unconsolidated structured entities held by the Group
      amounted to HK$60,327,000 (2023: HK$23,208,000).




134    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                  Note            HK$’000             HK$’000

      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      Non-current assets
      Right-of-use assets                                                              228                 2,960
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                   81,227                87,717
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                                      2,436                 2,436
                                                                                    83,891                93,113
      Current assets
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                446,057            311,840
      Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                                    1,492              1,606
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                        432                708
                                                                                   447,981            314,154
      Current liabilities
      Other payables                                                                 4,296                 2,863
      Bonds payable                                                                 20,000                64,000
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                  119,163                69,233
      Lease liabilities                                                                250                 2,710
                                                                                   143,709            138,806
      Net current assets                                                           304,272            175,348
      Total assets less current liabilities                                        388,163            268,461
      Non-current liabilities
      Bonds payable                                                                 64,000                41,000
      Promissory note                                                              135,388                     –
      Lease liabilities                                                                  –                  250
                                                                                   199,388                41,250
      Net assets                                                                   188,775            227,211
      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                 14,539             14,539
      Other reserves                                               (a)             249,066            259,867
      Accumulated losses                                           (a)             (74,830)           (47,195)
      Total equity                                                                 188,775            227,211




                                   Chen Ningdi                      Ai Kuiyu
                                     Director                       Director




                                                    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      (a)   Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                    Other reserves
                                                                                               Share held                                         (Accumulated
                                                                                      Share     for share                                               losses)/
                                                                           Share    options        award           Other      Merger     Capital       Retained
                                                                        premium*    reserve*      scheme*        reserve*     reserve*   reserve*      earnings
                                                                         HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000

            Balance as at 1 April 2022                                   354,734     11,222      (115,660)           11,840    19,645          –#         14,415
            Share based payment                                                –     15,506             –                 –         –          –               –
            Acquisition of shares under Share Award Scheme (note (i))          –          –       (38,354)                –         –          –               –
            Shares granted under Share Award Scheme (note (i))               189          –           983                 –         –          –               –
            Issue of shares upon bonus issue (note 25(a))                   (238)         –             –                 –         –          –               –
            Dividend paid (note 14)                                            –          –             –                 –         –          –         (19,271)
            Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                  –          –             –                 –         –          –         (42,339)
            Balance as at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                354,685     26,728      (153,031)            11,840   19,645           –#       (47,195)
            Shares granted under Share Award Scheme (note (i))                –          –           421                  –        –           –              –
            Lapse of employee share option                                    –     (11,222)           –                  –        –           –         11,222
            Dividend paid (note 14)                                           –           –            –                  –        –           –        (14,976)
            Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                 –           –            –                  –        –           –        (23,881)
            Balance as at 31 March 2024                                 354,685     15,506      (152,610)            11,840   19,645           –#       (74,830)

            #
                     Less than HK$1,000

            *        Other reserve comprises the Company’s reserve of HK$249,066,000 (2023: HK$259,867,000)

            Notes:

            (i)      During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Company contributed approximately HK$38,354,000 at an average price of HK$2.54
                     per share for repurchase of 15,104,400 ordinary shares which are currently held under the Share Award Scheme adopted on 8
                     September 2020. During the year ended 31 March 2024, a total of 354,484 (2023: 423,000) shares were granted to the eligible
                     persons pursuant to the Share Award Scheme.




136    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, interest rate risk
      and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability
      of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

      Management regularly manages the financial risks of the Group. Because of the simplicity of the financial structure and the
      current operations of the Group, no hedging activities are undertaken by management.


      40.1 Categories of financial assets and financial liabilities
            The carrying amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position relate to the following categories
            of financial assets and financial liabilities.

                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000

            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost:
               – Trade and other receivables, deposits                                                    266,946              144,832
               – Loan and interest receivables                                                            132,068              183,248
               – Bank balances – trust                                                                    158,110              244,179
               – Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 39,603               83,314
                                                                                                          596,727              655,573
            Financial assets at FVTPL:
               – Listed equity securities – Hong Kong                                                      31,596               24,125
               – Unlisted equity investment – outside Hong Kong                                           115,243              107,125
               – Unlisted investment fund                                                                   5,814                2,436
                                                                                                          152,653              133,686
                                                                                                          749,380              789,259


                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000

            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
               – Trade and other payables                                                                 224,129              261,089
               – Promissory notes                                                                         171,551               14,856
               – Bank borrowing                                                                            51,000               50,000
               – Bonds payable                                                                             84,000              105,000
               – Lease liabilities                                                                            468                4,530
                                                                                                          531,148              435,475




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.2 Foreign currency risk
            Transactions in foreign currencies and the Group’s risk management policies
            Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities, primarily with
            respect to the US$, RMB, SG$ and Euro. Any changes in the exchange rates of US$, RMB, Euro and SG$ to HK$ will
            impact the Group’s operating results.

            As US$ is pegged to HK$, foreign exchange exposure on US$ denominated transactions, assets or liabilities is considered as
            minimal. The volume of RMB, Euro and SG$ denominated transactions and amounts of RMB, Euro and SG$ denominated
            assets and liabilities are low, the respective foreign exchange risks are considered as insignificant as at 31 March 2023
            and 2024. The Group currently does not undertake any foreign currency hedging as at 31 March 2023 and 2024.


      40.3 Interest rate risk
            The Group is exposed to the cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable interest bearing assets. The Group’s
            interest-bearing assets and liabilities are mainly margin receivables, loans and interest receivables, bank deposits,
            promissory notes, bank borrowing, bonds payable and leases liabilities.

            Bank deposits, loans and interest receivables, promissory notes, bonds payable, bank borrowing and lease
            liabilities
            Bank deposits and bank borrowing issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest-rate risk. Loans and
            interest receivables, promissory notes, bonds payable and lease liabilities issued at fixed rates expose the Group to
            fair value interest-rate risk. The Group currently does not use any derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to interest
            rate risk. However, management will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

            As at 31 March 2024, if interest rates on assets and liabilities had been increased/decreased by 100 (2023: 100) basis
            point with all variables held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year would have been HK$221,000 increased/
            decreased (2023: post-tax loss decreased/increased HK$83,000).

            Margin receivables
            The Group’s interest rate risk arising from trade receivables from margin clients is mainly relating to the fluctuation
            of Hong Kong prime rate (the “prime rate”). The Group’s exposure to variable interest rates on trade receivables from
            margin clients are detailed below.

                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000

            Assets:
              – Trade receivables from margin clients                                                     82,241             102,938




138    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.3 Interest rate risk (Continued)
            Margin receivables (Continued)
            The sensitivity analysis below have been determined based on the exposure to variable interest rates at the end of the
            reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the amounts outstanding at the end of the reporting period were
            outstanding for the whole year. A 100 (2023: 100) basis points increase or decrease is used when reporting interest
            rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
            change in interest rates.

            As at 31 March 2024, if the interest rate of trade receivable from margin clients had been 100 (2023: 100) basis point
            higher/lower, the Group’s profit for the year would increase/decrease by approximately HK$822,000 (2023: the Group’s
            loss for the year decrease/increase by HK$1,029,000).


      40.4 Credit risk
            Credit risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial
            loss to the Group. The Group is exposed to credit risk from financial assets including bank balance-trust, cash and cash
            equivalents held at banks, trade and other receivables, and loan and interest receivables.

            The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on recognised financial assets is limited to the carrying amount at the
            reporting date as summarised in note 40.1.

            The exposures to credit risk are monitored by the management such that any outstanding debtors are reviewed and
            followed up on an ongoing basis. The Group’s policy is to deal only with creditworthy counterparties. The management
            closely monitors all outstanding debts and reviews the collectability of the receivables periodically.

            Bank balance – trust and cash and cash equivalents held at banks
            In respect of bank balance-trust and cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties
            are reputable banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL rate of cash at bank
            is assessed to be insignificant and no provision was made as of 31 March 2023 and 2024.

            Trade receivables (excluding margin receivables)
            The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the
            lifetime ECL provision for trade receivables (excluding margin receivables). To measure the ECL, trade receivables
            (excluding margin receivables) have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.




                                                                        DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.4 Credit risk (Continued)
            Trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) (Continued)
            The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables that may potentially impact
            the credit risk and ECL of its receivables on a forward-looking basis. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect
            current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the
            receivables. The Group has identified payment pattern, creditworthiness, the past collection history of each customer,
            the probability of insolvency or significant financial difficulties of the counterparty and default or significant delay
            in payments to be most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes
            in these factors.

            As at 31 March 2024, in respect of trade receivables (excluding margin receivables), the Group is exposed to concentration
            of credit risk to the extent that HK$61,489,000 (2023: HK$21,948,000) of trade receivables (excluding margin receivables)
            is attributable to the top 5 customers. The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the
            Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. The
            Group requires customers to use letters of credit to settle their balances and also enters into credit insurance policy
            for certain trade receivables with a bank to mitigate the credit risk with a coverage of nil (2023: nil) out of the total
            trade receivables balance.

            Included in the trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) is the trade receivable from investment management
            service client amounting to approximately HK$36,053,000 (2023: HK$5,310,000) which constitute the majority of the
            balance and is the largest outstanding balance from a single customer as at 31 March 2024.

            Trade receivables with significant outstanding balances from certain customers with aggregate gross carrying amount of
            HK$1,400,000 (2023: HK$1,371,000) as at 31 March 2024 are assessed individually. The exposure to credit risk for these
            balances are assessed with an ECL allowance of HK$1,400,000 (2023: HK$1,371,000) was provided by the Group as at
            31 March 2024. The remaining trade receivables with gross carrying amount of HK$86,961,000 (2023: HK$31,743,000)
            are assessed based on debtors’ ageing as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting date.

            On that basis, management has assessed that the ECL allowance as at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 for trade
            receivables (excluding margin receivables). During the year ended 31 March 2024, ECL allowance of HK$2,279,000
            (2023: HK$1,068,000) was recognised.

            Trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.
            Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to
            engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than
            180 days past due. ECL on trade receivables (excluding margin receivables) are presented as net ECL within operating
            profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.




140    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.4 Credit risk (Continued)
            Margin receivables
            For the margin receivables, there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as the risk of default
            is low because significant amounts are secured by pledged listed securities and counterparties have no historical
            default record. The directors expect that the general economic conditions will not be significantly changed for the 12
            months after the reporting period. No loss allowance was made against the gross amount of the margin receivables.
            As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amounts of margin receivables amounted to approximately HK$82,241,000 (2023:
            HK$102,938,000) and no ECL (2023: nil) is recognised. All balances are categorised in Stage 1 12-month ECL with no
            movement from/to other stages during the year (2023: same). As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, margin receivables
            were secured by the customers’ securities and cash collateral with undiscounted market value of approximately
            HK$505,788,000 (2023: HK$599,236,000).

            Loan and interest receivables
            The Group measures loss allowance under HKFRS 9 ECL model. The measure of ECL is a function of the probability
            of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) (i.e., the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at
            default (“EAD”). The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted
            by forward-looking information.

            Generally, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
            accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
            interest rate determined at initial recognition.

            Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial assets unless the financial assets is
            credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial assets.

            The key inputs used for measuring ECL are PD, LGD, and EAD.

            These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
            adjusted to reflect probability-weighted forward-looking information.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.4 Credit risk (Continued)
            Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
            Elements of the ECL model that are considered accounting judgements and estimates include:

            •      The Group’s estimation of PD to individual group;

            •      The Group’s criteria for assessing if there has been a significant increase in credit risk and so allowances for
                   financial assets should be measured on a lifetime ECL basis and the qualitative assessment;

            •      Development of ECL model, including the various formulas and the choice of inputs over determination of the
                   period over which the entity is exposed to credit risk based on the behavioural life of the credit exposures, LGD
                   and collateral recovery of the credit exposures;

            •      Determination of associations between macroeconomic scenarios and, economic inputs, such as delinquency
                   ratios and collateral values, and the effect on PD, EAD and LGD; and

            •      Selection of forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios and their probability weightings, to derive the economic
                   inputs into the ECL model.

            It has been the Group’s policy to regularly review its models in the context of actual loss experience and adjust when
            necessary.

            The Group categorises the credit quality of its loan and interest receivables according to 3 different stages under the
            ECL model:

            •      Stage 1:   financial assets without significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition where ECL allowance
                              is calculated based on 12-month ECL

            •      Stage 2:   financial assets with significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition where ECL allowance
                              is calculated based on lifetime ECL

            •      Stage 3:   credit impaired assets where ECL allowance is calculated based on lifetime ECL

            Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
            of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
            the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
            quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
            forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.




142    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.4 Credit risk (Continued)
            Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
            Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
            The Group monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment requirements to assess whether there has been
            a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If there has been a significant increase in credit risk, the
            Group will measure the ECL allowance based on lifetime rather than 12-month ECL.

            The Group collects performance and default information about its credit risk exposures and analyses all data collected
            using statistical model and estimates the remaining lifetime PD of exposures and how these are expected to change
            over time. The factors taken into account in this process include macro-economic data.

            The Group uses different criteria to determine whether credit risk has increased significantly and the Group presumes
            that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments
            are more than 30 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
            otherwise.

            The Group has monitoring procedures in place to make sure that the criteria used to identify significant increases in
            credit are effective, meaning that significant increase in credit risk is identified before the exposure is defaulted or
            when the asset becomes 30 days past due. The Group performs periodic back-testing of its ratings to consider whether
            the drivers of credit risk that led to default were accurately reflected in the rating in a timely manner.

            The Group has controls and procedures in place to identify when the credit risk of an asset improves and the definition
            of significant increase in credit risk is no longer met. When this is the case the asset may move back to Stage 1 from
            Stage 2, subject to payments being up to date and the ability of the borrower to make future payments on time.

            Default and credit-impaired
            The Group considers that default has occurred when the instrument is more than 90 days past due unless the Group
            has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.
            In particular, the following qualitative indicators are taken into account in determining the risk of default occurring:

            •      probable bankruptcy entered by the borrowers; and

            •      death of the debtor.




                                                                         DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.4 Credit risk (Continued)
            Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
            Incorporation of forward-looking information
            The Group uses forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort in its assessment of significant
            increase of credit risk as well as in its measurement of ECL.

            The external information used includes economic data and forecasts published by governmental bodies.

            The Group applies probabilities to the forecast scenarios identified.

            The movements in the gross amount of loan receivables are as follows:

                                                                  Stage 1            Stage 2             Stage 3               Total
                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000

            As at 1 April 2022                                    161,409                    –                   –           161,409
            Net changes on the gross amount                        12,645                    –                   –            12,645
            As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                  174,054                    –                   –           174,054
            Net changes on the gross amount                       (44,495)                   –                   –           (44,495)
            Transfer between stages                                80,549              80,549                    –                 –
            As at 31 March 2024                                    49,010             80,549                     –           129,559


            The movement in the ECL allowance of loan receivables, are as follows:

                                                                  Stage 1            Stage 2             Stage 3               Total
                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000

            As at 1 April 2022                                      1,619                    –                   –              1,619
            ECL allowance recognised                                  517                    –                   –                517
            As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                    2,136                    –                   –              2,136
            ECL allowance recognised/(reversed)
              for the year                                          (2,000)             7,494                    –              5,494
            As at 31 March 2024                                       136               7,494                    –             7,630


            The movements in the gross amount of interest receivables are as follows:

                                                                  Stage 1            Stage 2             Stage 3               Total
                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000

            As at 1 April 2022                                      6,912                    –                   –              6,912
            Net changes on the gross amount                         4,562                    –                   –              4,562
            As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                   11,474                    –                   –             11,474
            Net changes on the gross amount                          (601)                   –                   –               (601)
            Transfer between stages                                (7,849)              7,849                    –                  –
            As at 31 March 2024                                     3,024               7,849                    –            10,873




144    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.4 Credit risk (Continued)
            Loan and interest receivables (Continued)
            Incorporation of forward-looking information (Continued)
            The movement in the ECL allowance of interest receivables, are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1            Stage 2             Stage 3              Total
                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000

            As at 1 April 2022                                         69                  –                   –                 69
            ECL allowance recognised                                   75                  –                   –                 75
            As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                     144                   –                   –                144
            ECL allowance recognised/(reversed)
              for the year                                           (138)               728                   –                590
            As at 31 March 2024                                         6                728                   –                734


            Sensitivity analysis
            The ECL allowance is sensitive to the inputs used in internally developed models, macroeconomic variables in the
            forward-looking forecasts, economic scenario weighting and other factors considered when applying expert judgement.
            Changes in these inputs, assumptions and judgements impact the assessment of significant increase in credit risk and
            the measurement of ECL allowance.

            The following table shows the impact on ECL allowance on loan and interest receivables as at 31 March 2023 and 2024
            by changing individual input.

                                                                                                  Impact on ECL allowance on
            Change in input on ECL model                                                          loan and interest receivables
            – Assuming a further 10% weighting added to the probability of the optimistic         – Decrease by HK$836,000
                scenario and a corresponding 10% weighting reduction in the base scenario             (2023: HK$228,000)
            – Assuming a further 10% weighting added to the probability of the pessimistic        – Increase by HK$836,000
                 scenario and a corresponding 10% weighting reduction in the base scenario            (2023: HK$228,000)

            Concentration on credit risk
            As at 31 March 2024, the Group had a concentration risk as 12.0% (2023: 11.8%) and 41.6% (2023: 43.7%) of total loans
            to customers (net of allowance) were made up by the Company’s largest loan customer’s and the five largest loans
            customers’ outstanding balances respectively.

            Other financial assets at amortised cost
            Other financial assets at amortised cost include other receivables and deposits and amount due from an associate,
            an investee company and related parties. In order to minimise the credit risk, the management makes periodic
            collective and individual assessment on their recoverability based on historical settlement records, past experience
            and available forward-looking information. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action
            is taken to recover overdue debts. In these regards, the credit risk of other receivables and deposits, amounts due
            from an associate, an investee company and related parties are considered to be low.

            Besides, the management is of opinion that there is no significant increase in credit risk on these other receivables
            and deposits, amount due from an associate, an investee company and related parties since initial recognition as the
            risk of default is low after considering the factors as set out in note 2.9 and, thus, no ECL recognised for these other
            receivables and deposits, amount due from an associate, an investee company and related parties as at 31 March
            2023 and 2024.


                                                                       DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.5 Price risk
            The Group is exposed to equity price risk mainly arising from investments held by the Group that are classified in the
            consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets at FVTPL (note 20).

            To manage its price risk arising from investment in equity securities, the Group closely monitors the financial
            performance of each investee company.

            The Group’s Level 1 equity investments are publicly traded in the Stock Exchange.

            As at 31 March 2024, if the equity securities prices increase/decrease by 5% with all other variables held constant, the
            Group’s profit before taxation will be HK$1,580,000 lower/higher (2023: loss before tax will be HK$1,206,000 higher/
            lower) as a result of gains/losses on equity securities classified as financial assets at FVTPL.


      40.6 Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with its financial
            liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and other payables, promissory notes,
            bank borrowing, bonds payable and lease liabilities and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s
            objective is to maintain an appropriate level of liquid assets and committed funding to meet its liquidity requirements
            in its short and longer-term. The directors of the Company is satisfied that the Group will be able to meet in full its
            financial obligations as and when they fall due in the foreseeable future.

            The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of recognised financial liabilities as summarised in note
            40.1, and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s policy is to maintain an appropriate level of liquid
            assets to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

            The maturity analysis of the Group’s financial liabilities is as follows:

                                                  Less than
                                                  1 year or                                                       Total
                                                 repayable                                  More than     undiscounted        Carrying
                                                on demand       1–2 years      3–5 years      5 years         cash flow        amount
                                                   HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000

            As at 31 March 2024
            Trade and other payables                224,129              –              –            –          224,129       224,129
            Promissory notes                         36,806       150,000               –            –          186,806       171,551
            Bank borrowing                           54,596             –               –            –           54,596        51,000
            Bonds payable                            25,162        23,000         45,250         5,250           98,662        84,000
            Lease liabilities                           470             –              –             –              470           468
                                                    341,163       173,000         45,250         5,250          564,663       531,148

            As at 31 March 2023
            Trade and other payables                261,089              –              –            –           261,089       261,089
            Promissory notes                         15,116              –              –            –            15,116        14,856
            Bank borrowing                           52,115              –              –            –            52,115        50,000
            Bonds payable                            69,833          2,950        42,450         5,500           120,733       105,000
            Lease liabilities                         4,190            390             –             –             4,580         4,530
                                                    402,343          3,340        42,450         5,500           453,633       435,475



146    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.7 Fair value hierarchy
            The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value for the years ended 31 March 2023
            and 2024 by level of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three
            levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

            •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1).

            •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
                   (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices), and not using significant unobservable inputs (Level 2).

            •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) (Level 3).

                                                                                        Level 1             Level 2              Level 3
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000

                   As at 31 March 2024
                   Financial assets at FVTPL
                      – Listed equity securities                                         31,596                     –                   –
                      – Unlisted equity investment                                            –                     –           115,243
                      – Unlisted investment fund                                              –                5,814                  –

                   As at 31 March 2023
                   Financial assets at FVTPL
                      – Listed equity securities                                          24,125                    –                   –
                      – Unlisted equity investment                                             –                    –            107,125
                      – Unlisted investment fund                                               –               2,436                   –


            There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024.

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets and liabilities including bank balances – trust, cash and
            cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and deposits, loan and interest receivables, trade and other payables,
            bonds payable, lease liabilities and bank borrowing approximate their fair values due to their short maturities or the
            impact of discounting is not significant.

            Valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and inputs used in fair value measurements
            Level 1 fair value measurements
            Fair value of financial instruments under level 1 fair value measurement is based on quoted prices (unadjusted)
            reflected in active markets.

            The fair value of the listed equity securities is based on quoted market prices at the end of reporting period.

            Level 2 fair value measurements
            As at 31 March 2023 and 2024, the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL under level 2 fair value measurements is unlisted
            investment funds of HK$5,814,000 (2023: HK$2,436,000). Fair value is determined based on the net asset values of
            the investment funds reported to the limited partners by the general partners at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                          DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024         147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)
      40.7 Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
            Valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and inputs used in fair value measurements
            (Continued)
            Level 3 fair value measurements
            In determining fair value, specific valuation techniques (asset-based approach) are used with reference to significant
            inputs such as property under development’s market value, loan from other parties and long term loan included in the
            unlisted equity investment. Loan from other parties and long-term loan are measured at amortised cost. The main input
            used by the Group in measuring the fair value of the unlisted equity investment is derived and evaluated as follows:

            –      Market value of property under development: this is valued as at 31 March 2023 and 2024 by independent and
                   professional qualified valuer based on residual method as follow:

                   Valuation technique of property
                   under development included in         Significant unobservable            Relationship of significant
                   the unlisted equity investment        inputs                              unobservable inputs to fair value

                   Residual method (2023: Residual       Market price of finished lot,       The higher/lower the market price,
                     method)                               ranging from US$2,063,000           the higher/lower the fair value
                                                           (2023: US$2,100,000) per
                                                           lot to US$2,810,000 (2023:
                                                           US$2,395,000) per lot, and
                                                           adjusted taking into account
                                                           of time and locations to the
                                                           underlying assets of the
                                                           invested company

            The reconciliation of the carrying amount of the Group’s financial instruments classified within Level 3 fair value
            measurement is as follows:

            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                    Level 3
                                                                                                                         HK$’000

            As at 1 April 2022                                                                                            110,705
            Fair value loss                                                                                                (3,580)
            As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                         107,125
            Fair value gain                                                                                                8,118
            As at 31 March 2024                                                                                          115,243


            There has been no transfer into or out of Level 3 during the years ended 31 March 2024 and 2023.




148    DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2024

41. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
      The Group’s capital management objectives are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to
      provide adequate returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, to maintain an optimal capital structure to
      reduce the cost of capital and to support the Group’s stability and growth.

      The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between a higher
      shareholder’s return that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages of a higher capital position,
      and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions. No changes in the objectives,
      policies or processes for managing capital were made during the reporting period.

      For capital management purpose, the directors of the Company regard the total equity presented on the consolidated
      statement of financial position as capital.

      The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements except for (i) subsidiaries engaged in securities
      broking services, placing and underwriting services, investment advisory services and asset management services which are
      regulated entities under the SFC and subject to the respective minimum capital requirements; and (ii) a subsidiary engaged
      in insurance brokerage services is subject to the Insurance (Financial and Other Requirements for Licensed Insurance Broker
      Companies) Rules (“Insurance Rules”) and is required to maintain minimum net asset. The subsidiaries monitor the liquid
      capital on a daily basis to ensure fulfilment of the minimum and notification level of the liquid capital requirements under
      the SFO and the minimum net assets under the Insurance Rules.

      During the years ended 31 March 2023 and 2024, the subsidiaries, which is subject to minimum capital requirements imposed
      by the respective regulatory authorities, complied with all minimum capital requirements.


42. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      (a)   On 21 March 2024, the Company entered into a placing agreement with several placing agents in respect of the
            placement of an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares at HK$3.50 per share. The placement was completed on 9 April 2024
            and a total of 64,370,000 place shares had been successfully placed. This transaction resulted in an increase of the
            issued share capital and share premium account of HK$644,000 and HK$224,651,000, respectively.

      (b)   On 12 April 2024, the Company, as the guarantor, entered into guarantee agreements with five borrowers, which are
            limited companies incorporated in the BVI and being the investment vehicles wholly-owned by a limited partnership
            fund managed by a subsidiary of the Group, and Banco Delta Asia S.A., as the lender, in providing guarantees of
            aggregate maximum amount of HK$180,000,000 for the borrowers’ obligation.

      (c)   On 9 May 2024, the Company and Carmel Reserve LLC, an investee of the Group, entered into a loan agreement that
            the Company agreed to provide an unsecured loan of US$2,000,000 to Carmel Reserve LLC at an interest rate of 12%
            p.a. and due in a year.


43. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
      Certain comparative figures in these consolidated financial statements were reclassified to conform to current year’s
      presentation.




                                                                      DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      149
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


A summary of the results and of the assets, equity and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is as follows.

                                                                                     Year ended 31 March
RESULTS                                                           2024             2023         2022       2021                  2020
                                                                HK$000           HK$000      HK$000      HK$000                HK$000

Revenue                                                        202,353          191,116          309,065       426,551        226,391
Profit/(Loss) before income tax expense                        104,837           (43,759)        120,536       217,792         (51,861)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                     (4,934)           (5,418)        (10,761)      (16,994)            452
Profit/(Loss) for the year                                       99,903          (49,177)        109,775       200,798         (51,409)


                                                                                            As at 31 March
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                            2024             2023              2022        2021            2020
                                                                HK$000           HK$000           HK$000       HK$000          HK$000

Current assets                                                 597,990          657,928          679,742       403,375        181,375
Non-current assets                                             478,442          236,758          235,038       224,566         29,739
Total assets                                                 1,076,432          894,686          914,780       627,941        211,114
Current liabilities                                            342,354          417,548          304,809       116,313             45,562
Non-current liabilities                                        213,113           41,390           83,810        11,071                538
Total liabilities                                              555,467          458,938          388,619       127,384             46,100
Net assets                                                     520,965          435,748          526,161       500,557        165,014
EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the Group                     520,965          435,748          526,161       500,557        165,014


Note: The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.




150     DL HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
