（於百慕達註冊成立的有限公司）                                     (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
 股份代號：1811.HK                                       Stock Code : 1811.HK




                                                                                                       Annual
                  年度報告                                                                                 Report
                   2020                                                                                 2020




                          Annual Report 2020 年度報告
Contents
   2   Corporate Information                  78   Corporate Governance Report
   6   Major Events in 2020                   95   Independent Auditor’s Report
  10   Chairman’s Statement                   99   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                                   Other Comprehensive Income
  12   President’s Statement
                                             101   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
  14   Distribution of Projects
                                             103   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
  16   Financial and Operating Highlights
                                             105   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
  17   Management Discussion and
       Analysis                              107   Notes to the Consolidated Financial
                                                   Statements
  50   Biographies of Directors and Senior
       Management                            191   Financial Summary
  60   Report of the Directors
2




    Corporate Information

    REGISTERED OFFICE
    Victoria Place
    31 Victoria Street
    Hamilton HM10
    Bermuda


    HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    15th Floor
    Harbour Centre
    25 Harbour Road
    Wanchai, Hong Kong


    STOCK CODE ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED
    1811


    COMPANY’S WEBSITE
    www.cgnne.com


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    Chairman and Non-executive Director
    Mr. Chen Sui


    Executive Directors
    Mr. Li Yilun (President)
    Mr. Zhang Zhiwu (appointed on 22 January 2020)




    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.     /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                             3




Corporate Information

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Yao Wei (resigned on 22 January 2020)
Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March 2021)
Mr. Xia Linquan (appointed on 24 March 2021)


Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Wang Minhao
Mr. Yang Xiaosheng
Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick


Members of the Audit Committee
Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick (Chairman)
Mr. Yao Wei (resigned on 22 January 2020)
Mr. Xing Ping (appointed on 22 January 2020, and resigned on 24 March 2021)
Mr. Xia Linquan (appointed on 24 March 2021)
Mr. Yang Xiaosheng


Members of the Remuneration Committee
Mr. Wang Minhao (Chairman)
Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March 2021)
Mr. Xia Linquan (appointed on 24 March 2021)
Mr. Yang Xiaosheng




                                                                Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
4




    Corporate Information

    Members of the Nomination Committee
    Mr. Chen Sui (Chairman)
    Mr. Wang Minhao
    Mr. Yang Xiaosheng


    Members of the Investment and Risk Management Committee
    Mr. Yao Wei (Chairman) (resigned on 22 January 2020)
    Mr. Xing Ping (Chairman) (appointed on 22 January 2020, and resigned on 24 March 2021)
    Mr. Xia Linquan (Chairman) (appointed on 24 March 2021)
    Mr. Yang Xiaosheng
    Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick (appointed on 22 January 2020)


    Company Secretary
    Mr. Lee Kin


    Authorized Representatives
    Mr. Li Yilun (with Mr. Wong Chun Cheong as his alternate)
    Mr. Lee Kin


    Hong Kong Legal Adviser
    Eversheds Sutherland
    37/F, One Taikoo Place
    Taikoo Place
    979 King’s Road
    Quarry Bay
    Hong Kong


    AUDITOR
    KPMG
    Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
    8th Floor, Prince’s Building
    10 Chater Road
    Central
    Hong Kong




    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                      5




Corporate Information

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
4th Floor
North Cedar House
41 Cedar Avenue
Hamiton HM12
Bermuda


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
Level 54, Hopewell Center
183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
34/F, ICBC Tower
3 Garden Road
Hong Kong

Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
9/F, Bank of China Tower
1 Garden Road
Hong Kong

China Development Bank Corporation, Hong Kong Branch
Suites 3307-3315
33/F, One International Finance Centre
1 Harbour View Street
Central
Hong Kong

Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
13/F, Standard Chartered Bank Building
4-4A Des Voeux Road Central
Hong Kong




                                                         Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
6




    Major Events in 2020




         Mar
         Announced the annual
                                                                Jun
                                                                Convened the 2020 annual
         results for 2019                                       general meeting




         Jul
         Received the Certificate of Scientific
         and Technological Achievements


                                                                                           Aug
         Evaluation in respect of the scientific
         research results of the “Research
         on the Application and Practice
         of Ubiquitous Internet of Things
         Technology in Wide-area Distributed                                               Announced the interim
         Project Management”                                                               results for 2020




    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.          /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                          7




Major Events in 2020




                                             Sep
                                             Received 3 Outstanding Quality
                                             Management Achievement
                                             Awards for China’s power
                                             industry from China Association
                                             for Water and Electricity Quality
                                             Management




                                                                                     Oct
                                                                                     Awarded with the “InnoESG Prize”
                                                                                     2020 in Hong Kong




   Nov
    The third Annual Forum for Leaders of
    Renewable Energy Enterprise, organized
    by the Chinese Wind Energy Association
    of the China Renewable Energy Society
    and undertaken by the Company, was
    held in Beijing




                                                      Annual Report 2020         /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
8




    Major Events in 2020


                                                                    Nov
                                                                    Participated in the 2020 National Annual Conference for
                                                                    Large Wind Energy Equipment Industry cum Wind Power
                                                                    Industry Development Forum and delivered a keynote speech
                                                                    titled “Collaboration and Win-win — Joining Hands to Create
                                                                    a New Pattern of Synergic Development for the Wind Power
                                                                    Industry under the Vision of Carbon Neutrality”




                                                                                                   Nov
                                                                                                    Two scientific and
                                                                                                    technological achievements,
                                                                                                    namely “Research and
                                                                                                    Application of Technology


         Dec
         Participated in the 2020 China Offshore Wind Engineering
                                                                                                    for Analysis of Harmonic
                                                                                                    Source Positioning in
                                                                                                    New Energy Stations” and
                                                                                                    “Research and Application
         and Technology Conference and took part in a forum                                         in Enhancement of Design
         session with peers in industry chain under the theme                                       of Grounding Network
         of “Sharing Innovated Engineering Technologies and                                         of Fishing-Photovoltaic
         Discussing the Ways to Achieve Grid-Parity”                                                Power Complementary
                                                                                                    Photovoltaic Station”,
                                                                                                    won “Third Prize in 2020
                                                                                                    Scientific and Technological
                                                                                                    Advancement Award for
                                                                                                    Power Development”
                                                                                                    awarded by China Electric
                                                                                                    Power Construction
                                                                                                    Association




                                                                                   Dec
                                                                                   Participated in the 5th China Offshore Wind
                                                                                   Power Conference organized by China
                                                                                   Electrical Equipment Industrial Association,
                                                                                   in which we delivered an opening speech
                                                                                   and participated in dialogue with peers in
                                                                                   the industrial chain




    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.     /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                9




Major Events in 2020




                                                                                Dec
   Dec
                                                                                Convened the 2020 special
                                                                                general meeting


   Participated in the 2020 China Photovoltaic Industry Annual
   Conference and took part in the guest dialogue




   Dec
   Launched a smart offshore wind power
   operation platform




                                                                                Dec
                                                                                Established the first suite of electric power
                                                                                marketing information platform for new energy
                                                                                in the PRC




   Dec
   Received 2 awards in relation to “Second
   Prize for Achievements in Activities
   of the Electricity Development Quality
   Management Group in 2020” from the
   China Electric Power Construction
   Association




                                                           Annual Report 2020      /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                10




                                     Chairman’s Statement
     Chairman’s Statement


                                                                                                    Chen Sui
                                                                                                    Chairman


     President’s Statement




     Distribution of Projects




  Financial and



Operating Highlights




     Management




Discussion and Analysis




Biographies of Directors




and Senior Management




                                                      C       ontinuing our adherence to the basic principles
                                                              o f “ S a f e t y F i r s t , Q u a l i t y Fo r e m o s t a n d P u r s u i n g


     Report of the Directors
                                                      Excellence”, we are committed to the strategic
                                                      approach of vigorous development of new energy
                                                      w i t h u n w av e r i n g d e t e r m i n a t i o n t o c o n t i n u o u s l y
                                                      maintain high-quality development.
Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.    /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        11




Chairman’s Statement

Dear Honourable Shareholders,                                        We leveraged scientific and technological innovation to drive
                                                                     high-quality development. The Company has established the
In the year of 2020, while the world was experiencing the            first suite of electric power marketing information system for
complexities brought by the COVID-19 outbreak and economic           new energy in the PRC, which preliminarily enabled connection
downturn, the renewable energy industry in China proactively         of data from the entire business process covering power
followed through the decisions and deployment made by the            output prediction, generation and sale, and realized diversified
Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party. Centering          transaction strategies, ensuring the Company’s leading spot
on “stability on the six fronts” and “security in the six areas”,    trading ability in the region. The Company has launched a smart
the renewable energy industry achieved excellent results in          offshore wind power operation platform to enable full-scenario
epidemic prevention and control as well as resumption of work        safety protection, construction and operation management,
and production, and the new energy sectors of wind power and         and analysis of operation and maintenance strategies for
photovoltaic power registered steady growth, demonstrating the       offshore projects. The successful launch of the system marked
remarkable tenacity of the domestic renewable energy industry in     a milestone step forward of the Company in the development of
striving for development. All staff of the Company kept pace with    safety emergency management and operation and maintenance
high-quality development and contributed their efforts towards       capability in respect of offshore wind power projects.
the development goals of the country.

Given the notion of “doing a good job in working towards carbon
                                                                     FUTURE PROSPECTS
peak and carbon neutrality” as suggested at the 2020 Central
Economic Work Conference and the target of achieving a total         The goals of “carbon peak” and “carbon neutrality” guided China
installed capacity of 1,200 GW for wind and solar power by           into a new era of wind power and photovoltaic power under
2030, fossil fuel energy such as coal would be adjusted to allow     the “14th Five-Year Plan”. The Company will continue to step
for profound flexibility while the new energy of wind power and      up its investment in new energy, accelerate the expansion of its
photovoltaic power would become the main sources of energy.          business presence and maintain rapid development momentum,
Against the backdrop of extensive carbon reduction, there would      in order to accurately capture the development opportunities
be enormous potential in the new energy of wind power and            during the government’s pursuit of the “carbon neutrality” goal
photovoltaic power, and the “quantity” thereof (installed capacity   and make positive contributions to the Company’s high-quality
and electricity generation) would increase further.                  development.


BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AND
OPERATING RESULTS
Continuing its adherence to the basic principles of “Safety First,
Quality Foremost and Pursuing Excellence”, the Company was
                                                                                                                        Chen Sui
committed to the strategic approach of vigorous development
                                                                                                                        Chairman
of new energy with unwavering determination. In 2020, profit
attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately
                                                                     24 March 2021
US$162.1 million, representing an increase of 45.8% compared
with last year; basic earnings per share of the Company reached
approximately US$3.78 cents (equivalent to HK$29.46 cents
per share). As at 31 December 2020, the attributable installed
capacity of the Company’s power plants reached 7,550.6 MW,
representing a year-on-year increase of 1,264.6 MW or 20.1%.

We fought for each unit of electricity with our real efforts. With
control of equipment quality as the goal and technological
advancement as the proven results, the Company continued to
carry out works such as improvement in standardization of safe
production and equipment management, in order to maintain
high-end and stable equipment and enhance lean operation of
the Company’s existing assets. In 2020, the Company generated
13,825.2 GWh of electricity, representing an increase of 2.1%
compared with 13,541.0 GWh last year.




                                                                     Annual Report 2020   /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                 12




                                      President’s Statement
      Chairman’s Statement


                                                                                                       Li Yilun


    President’s Statement
                                                                                                       President




      Distribution of Projects




  Financial and



Operating Highlights




     Management




Discussion and Analysis




Biographies of Directors




and Senior Management




                                                       T      horoughly following the relevant national
                                                              policies, we will promote the development of


      Report of the Directors
                                                       new energy business, foster and enhance the core
                                                       c o m p e t i t i v e n e s s o f t h e C o m p a n y, a n d s t r i v e t o m a k e
                                                       greater contributions to the realization of China’s
                                                       carbon commitment.
Corporate Governance




       Report




                                      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.   /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                        13




President’s Statement

Dear Honourable Shareholders,                                                         With the mission of “developing clean energy and building
                                                                                      a beautiful China”, the Company has taken green practices
In the year of 2020, under the leadership of the Board of                             and environmental protection as its essential development
the Company and with the concerted efforts of all staff, the                          approaches. In 2020, the Company received the 2020
Company came up with solutions to proactively mitigate the                            Hong Kong “InnoESG Prize”, which demonstrated that the
impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak. We followed in lockstep                             positive contributions made by the Company in the areas of
with the government’s new energy policies on wind power and                           “environmental, social and corporate governance” (ESG) were
photovoltaic power, actively adapted to the economic conditions,                      acknowledged and recognized by the market. The Company
strengthened self-initiated scientific and technological innovation,                  was the only power enterprise winning such award in two
and accelerated project construction with guaranteed quality and                      consecutive years. The Company will continue to promote high-
quantity in order to promote the high-quality development of the                      quality development, penetrate into the clean energy market,
Company by always adhering to the basic principles of “Safety                         and provide the society with safe, environmentally friendly and
First, Quality Foremost and Pursuing Excellence”.                                     economical clean energy.


INDUSTRY LANDSCAPE                                                                    FUTURE PROSPECTS
2020 marked the closing of the 13th Five-Year Plan and was                            As the government strongly supports the development of
a key year for laying a solid foundation for the 14th Five-Year                       new energy business, there is a promising prospect for new
Plan. The government proposed to work hard on “stability on                           energy development in the future. Thoroughly following the
the six fronts” and “security in the six areas” and made the                          relevant national policies and adhering to the development
goals of carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060,                           principle of “clear waters and green mountains are as good as
which set higher requirements on cost reduction and efficiency                        mountains of gold and silver”, the Company will promote the
enhancement of various energy projects. The adjustment in                             development of new energy business, foster and enhance the
subsidy policies for wind power and photovoltaic power projects                       core competitiveness of the Company, and strive to make greater
also facilitated the marketization of electric power transactions.                    contributions to the realization of China’s carbon commitment.


BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AND
OPERATION MANAGEMENT
In 2020, despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19
o u t b re a k , t h e C o m p a n y m a i n t a i n e d s t e a d y g ro w t h b y
                                                                                                                                         Li Yilun
continuously reinforcing its core competitiveness and proactively
                                                                                                                                        President
capitalizing on its advantages in project construction. Risks were
controllable and well under control in all aspects. We recorded
                                                                                      24 March 2021
1,077.3 MW new attributable installed capacity of wind power
and 214.3 MW new attributable installed capacity of photovoltaic
power during the year. It is expected that the growth of new
operating capacity in 2021 will remain stable.

In the new development stage and development landscape, the
Company made additional efforts to keep track of the changes
in policies of relevant national and provincial departments and
energy regulators and agencies, promptly interpreted key policies
and studied the industrial landscape. During the 14th Five-Year
Plan period, the Company will seize and leverage the opportunity
to accelerate reservation of wind power and photovoltaic power
project resources and proactively tap into and develop new
energy business.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                14




                                     Distribution of Projects
      Chairman’s Statement



                                             Wind           Solar                   Gas-fired             Cogen       Coal-fired     Oil-fired                       Hydro




   President’s Statement
                                        Henan, China                Total Installed Capacity                      Guizhou, China          Total Installed Capacity

                                                                      546.6 MW                                                                   140 MW
                                                                            5.7 MW
                                                                           250 MW                                 Guangxi, China
      Distribution of
                                                                                                                                          Total Installed Capacity

                                                                                                                                            135.9 MW
         Projects
                                        Gansu, China                Total Installed Capacity                                                    144 MW
                                                                           843 MW
                                                                              87 MW                               Jiangxi, China
  Financial and
                                                                                                                                          Total Installed Capacity

                                                                                                                                                 125MW

Operating Highlights
                                        Qinghai, China              Total Installed Capacity

                                                                             50 MW                                Inner Mongolia, China   Total Installed Capacity


                                                                          160 MW                                                                 193 MW

     Management




Discussion and Analysis
                                        Sichuan, China              Total Installed Capacity                      Shaanxi, China          Total Installed Capacity


                                                                              51 MW                                                               0.7 MW



Biographies of Directors
                                        Hunan, China                Total Installed Capacity

                                                                          140 MW

and Senior Management                                                    14.5 MW




      Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.          /         Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                 15




Distribution of Projects

     Wind          Solar                   Gas-fired   Cogen           Coal-fired         Oil-fired                      Hydro




 Guangdong, China          Total Installed Capacity              Shanghai, China              Total Installed Capacity

                                16.4 MW                                                               4.5 MW


 Hainan, China             Total Installed Capacity              Anhui, China                 Total Installed Capacity

                                24.3 MW                                                                 31 MW
                                                                                                294.6 MW
 Shanxi, China             Total Installed Capacity

                                 199 MW                          Zhejiang, China              Total Installed Capacity

                                                                                                     173 MW
 Hebei, China              Total Installed Capacity                                                10.6 MW
                                89.6 MW

                                                                 Hubei, China                 Total Installed Capacity

 Shandong, China           Total Installed Capacity                                                     24 MW
                             437.6 MW                                                                100 MW
                                     35 MW                                                      176.5 MW
                                                                                                2,020 MW
 Jiangsu, China            Total Installed Capacity

                             246.5 MW
                                                                 Fujian, China                Total Installed Capacity

                                     31 MW                                                            8.9 MW
                                     63 MW

                                                                 Korea                        Total Installed Capacity

                                                                                                     507 MW
                                                                                             1,549.1 MW




                                                          Annual Report 2020   /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                   16




                                        Financial and Operating Highlights
         Chairman’s Statement
                                                              EBITDA(1)                                                              REVENUE
                                                              (US$ million)                                                          (US$ million)




                                                                                             494                                                          1,150
     President’s Statement                                                                   Increased by 24%                                              Decreased by 10%
                                                                                             as compared with 2019                                         as compared with 2019




     Distribution of Projects
                                                              NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE                                                EPS
                                                              TO OWNER OF THE COMPANY                                                US cents per share
                                                              (US$ million)



  Financial and                                                                              162                                                          3.78
Operating Highlights
                                                                                             Increased by 46%                                             Increased by 46%
                                                                                             as compared with 2019                                        as compared with 2019



       Management




  Discussion and Analysis




  Biographies of Directors


                                          7,551                                                                                13,825
  and Senior Management                        2020                                                                                   2020




         Report of the Directors
                                                               ATTRIBUTABLE                                                                       POWER
                                                                 INSTALLED                                                                      GENERATION
                                                                  CAPACITY                                                                                GWh
                                                                           MW



  Corporate Governance

                                                                                                    6,286                                                                13,541
         Report                                                                                     2019                                                                 2019
                                          Note:
                                          1. EBITDA is calculated by adding depreciation and amortization to the operating profit.


                                        CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                       17




Management Discussion and Analysis

I.   INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
     In 2020, an overall balance between electricity supply and demand was achieved in China. According to the data published by
     the NEA, the installed capacity of the PRC amounted to 2,200.6 GW throughout the year, representing a year-on-year increase
     of 9.5%, while electricity consumption amounted to 7,511.0 TWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.1%.

     The accumulated grid-connected wind power capacity for 2020 reached 281.5 GW, with a year-on-year increase of 34.6%,
     while the annual accumulated on-grid wind power generation amounted to 466.5 TWh, representing a year-on-year growth of
     15.1%. In 2020, the accumulated grid-connected solar power capacity recorded 253.4 GW, with a year-on-year increase of
     24.1%. The annual accumulated on-grid solar power generation amounted to 261.1 TWh, representing a year-on-year growth
     of 16.6%.

     The period for the 14th Five-Year Plan is seen as a critical period for the promotion of transformation of energy use and green
     development. In addition, China continues to develop renewable energy into the main source of additional power generation
     during the period for the 14th Five-Year Plan, such that a solid foundation for achieving the strategic goal that non-fossil
     fuel energy will account for 25% of power consumption in 2030 can be laid. The industries of both wind power industry and
     photovoltaic power industry in China have shifted from quantity-oriented development to a high quality-oriented one. The main
     goals set for both wind power industry and photovoltaic power industry for the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan is to achieve
     full grid-parity for both power sources.

     Policies related to green certificate and quota systems:

     The NDRC and NEA jointly published “Notice Regarding the Issuance of Weight of Responsible Consumption of Renewable
     Energy in Each Provincial Administrative Region in 2020” (《關於印發各省級行政區域2020年可再生能源電力消納責任權重的
     通知 》) in May 2020, or the “Quota System”（配額制）. Provinces that are expected to have more room for growth in power
     consumption will see more installed capacity of wind power and photovoltaic power, expanded existing power generation
     capacity, or the more transacted amount of green certificates.

     In November 2020, the PRC Ministry of Ecology and Environment issued the “Implementation Plan for Setting and Allocation
     of Total Amount of Quota Available for Trading of National Carbon Emission Permit in 2019-2020 (Power Generation Industry)”
     (Consultation Paper) (《 2019-2020年全國碳排放權交易配額總量設定與分配實施方案（發電行業）》                                       （徵求意見稿）), principally
     relating to the incorporation of a list of key emission units, the category of generating sets, the total amount of quotas, and
     the method for allocating quota, etc. into the quota management. Enterprises with emissions of 26,000 tons of carbon dioxide
     equivalent and more in any year from 2013 to 2018 would be included, after screening, in the list of quota management for
     period 2019-2020. Generating units which are subject to quota management include pure condensing units and cogeneration
     units. The above measures are also applicable to corporate self-owned power plants.

     Policies in respect of subsidies on non-hydro renewable energy and reasonable number of hours:

     The Ministry of Finance, the NDRC, and the NEA jointly published “Supplemental Notice to Matters in Respect of Several
     Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of the Power Generation of Non-hydro Renewable Energy” (關於《關於促進
     非水可再生能源發電健康發展的若干意見》有關事項的補充通知) in September 2020, which further clarified the term “number
     of reasonable hours”. For any power generated within the limit of number of reasonable hours, subsidies can be received in
     full. Any power generated in excess of the eligible total lifetime subsidy is no longer entitled to central government subsidy,
     and in which case green certificates would be issued and trading of green certificates is allowed. Subsequent to the expiry of
     20 years from the date on which any wind power project or photovoltaic power project is connected to the grid, or the expiry
     of 15 years from the date on which any biomass power generation project is connected to the grid, regardless of whether
     the project has achieved its total lifetime power generation eligible for subsidies, the project would no longer be financed by
     central government and instead, green certificates would be issued and trading of green certificates is allowed.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                18




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement
                                            Two Integrations-related policies:

                                            In August 2020, the NDRC and NEA issued the “Guidance on the Integration of Wind Power, Photovoltaic Power, Hydro
                                            Power, Thermal Power with Power Storage and Integration of Power Sources, Grid, Load and Storage” (Consultation Paper)
                                           (《關於開展「風光水火儲一體化」                     、
                                                                                「源網荷儲一體化」的指導意見（徵求意見稿）》), or the two “Integrations”, which suggests to



     President’s Statement
                                            explore the ways for implementing the two “Intergrations” for access to better clean energy. By now, more than 10 provinces,
                                            mainly in Northwest and Central China, have introduced policies to encourage “wind power + storage”（風+儲）, “photovoltaic
                                            power + storage”（光+儲）. With the increase in the proportion of new energy in power generation, the pressure on consuming
                                            new energy and enhancing operation of its power dispatch has increased dramatically as wind power and photovoltaic power
                                            are difficult to predict, control and dispatch due to their characteristics. In order to cope with the challenges brought by access
                                            to new energy, China has introduced various policies and standards which set higher requirements for the grid-friendliness of
                                            new energy. “New energy + Power storage” will become an important form of power use and important infrastructure.




     Distribution of Projects
                                            Policies related to transmission price of regional and provincial power grids:

                                            In September 2020, the NDRC issued the “Notice on the Approval of Transmission Prices for Regional Power Grids
                                            in 2020-2022” (《關 於 核 定2020-2022年 區 域 電 網 輸 電 價 格 的 通 知 》), by which the structure of transmission price were
                                            further enhanced and the transmission prices were further reduced, which are conducive to promotion of the consumption of
                                            clean energy and optimization of the allocation of power resources on a larger scale. The regional grid power tariff is charged
                                            commensurate with the power actually settled in regional grid transactions, and the capacity tariff is charged commensurate


  Financial and
                                            with the power (including power traded in market) sales in each provincial grid terminal, whereas no extra capacity tariff of
                                            regional grid would be charged to the users in the market. In September 2020, the NDRC issued the “Notice on the Approval
                                            of Transmission and Distribution Prices for Provincial Power Grids in 2020-2022” (《關於核定2020-2022年省級電網輸配電價
                                            的通知 》) which mentioned, for the first time, that the transmission and distribution prices were approved to be charged in
Operating Highlights                        accordance with voltage level, and the price charged for “grid-to-grid” outbound transmission would be included in provincial
                                            grid tariff calculation. Except for a few places such as Beijing, Southern Hebei, Northern Hebei, and Eastern Inner Mongolia,
                                            where the provincial transmission and distribution prices were raised, other places would see different degrees of reduction in
                                            provincial transmission and distribution prices.


     Management
                                            The 14th Five-Year Plan issued by Central Committee of the Communist Party of China:




Discussion and Analysis
                                            In October 2020, the fifth plenary session of the 19th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China considered and
                                            approved the “Recommendations of Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on the 14th Five-Year Plan for
                                            National Economic and Social Development and the Long-Range Objectives Through the Year 2035” (《中共中央關於制定國
                                            民經濟和社會發展第十四個五年規劃和2035年遠景目標的建議 》), the full text of which consists of 15 parts and 60 articles.
                                            Highlighted areas in respect of the planning of new energy include the followings: consideration of new energy as a strategic


Biographies of Directors
                                            emerging industry, promotion of energy revolution, establishment of smart energy systems, enhancement of power generation
                                            and layout of transmission channels, optimization of consumption and storage capacity of new energy as well as strengthening
                                            of the capacity of power transmission and distribution to remote areas. The plan also proposes to expedite the effort in green
                                            and low-carbon development, facilitate the use of energy that are clean, low-carbon and safe and efficient for the purpose of

and Senior Management
                                            reducing carbon emissions intensity, while enabling places that are feasible to achieve suggested goals to peak their carbon
                                            emissions first and to develop action plans for peaking carbon emissions by 2030.




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.           /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                       19




Management Discussion and Analysis

  Policies in respect of admission to the list of subsidized projects:

  For the purpose of facilitating the review on list of subsidized projects, the Ministry of Finance issued the “Notice on
  Accelerating the Review on the List of Subsidized Renewable Energy Power Generation Projects” (《關於加快推進可再生能源
  發電補貼項目清單審核有關工作的通知 》) in November 2020, all compliant projects with specified construction targets can
  be offered confirmed rights（確權）by applying to admit into list of subsidized projects. The notice also clearly states that “all
  projects that were approved (filed) in compliance with relevant provisions and were connected to the grid in full capacity in and
  subsequent to 2006 are qualified in applying for admission into the list of subsidized projects” and “the tariff of any project
  is based on the full capacity grid connection time and in accordance with requirements of the national tariff policies”. Since
  then, all the existing compliant projects would be entitled to confirmed rights to receive subsidies, and in turn the shortfall in
  aggregate amount of subsidies required in renewable energy projects can be filled, providing a basis for further resolving the
  problems of defaulted subsidies.

  Policies related to offshore wind power:

  In January 2020, the Ministry of Finance, the NDRC and the NEA jointly issued “Several Opinions on Promoting the Healthy
  Development of the Power Generation of Non-hydro Renewable Energy” (《關於促進非水可再生能源發電健康發展的若
  干意見 》), which specifies that additional offshore wind power projects are no longer entitled to any subsidies financed by
  central government, effective from 2020; existing offshore wind power projects that are approved (filed) in compliance with
  relevant provisions and are connected to the grid in full capacity before 31 December 2021 can enjoy subsidies based on
  corresponding tariff policies. In March 2020, the NEA issued the “Measures for the Construction of Wind Power Projects in
  2020” (《 2020年風電項目建設方案 》), which clearly states that strategic deployment and approval of offshore wind power
  projects for 2020 in provinces where the grid-connected capacity and the scale of construction had exceeded the planning
  goals were suspended in 2020. In September 2020, the Ministry of Finance, the NDRC and the NEA jointly published the
  “Supplemental Notice to Matters in Respect of Several Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of the Power
  Generation of Non-hydro Renewable Energy”（關於《關於促進非水可再生能源發電健康發展的若干意見 》有關事項的補
  充通知）in which the reasonable number of utilization hours for the lifetime of various projects were set, among which, the
  number for offshore wind power projects is set at 52,000 hours. In September 2020, six departments, namely the Guangdong
  Development and Reform Commission, the Energy Bureau of Guangdong Province, the Guangdong Science and Technology
  Department, the Department of Industry and Information Technology of Guangdong Province, the Department of Natural
  Resources of Guangdong Province, and the Department of Ecology and Environment of Guangdong Province jointly issued
  the “Guangdong’s Action Plan for Cultivation of Clusters of Strategic Emerging New Energy Industry (2021-2025)”（《廣東省培
  育新能源戰略性新興產業集群行動計劃（ 2021-2025年）》）, which proposes to step up effort in promoting the development of
  offshore wind power.

  In December 2020, the Energy Bureau of Guangdong Province issued a document named “Circular on seeking for
  ‘Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Orderly Development of Offshore Wind Power and the Sustainable Development
  of Related Industries in Guangdong Province (Consultation Paper)’” (關 於 徵 求《關 於 促 進 我 省 海 上 風 電 有 序 開 發 和 相 關
  產 業 可 持 續 發 展 的 指 導 意 見（徵 求 意 見 稿）》的 函), which, for the first time, the scope, scale, standards, principles and
  funding sources of provincial subsidies for offshore wind projects applicable to the industry are clarified. This circular
  was marked the first subsidies for offshore wind power ever granted by local authority in PRC, which is conducive to
  the sustainable development of offshore wind power in Guangdong Province.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020    /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                20




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement
                                            Policies related to carbon neutrality:

                                            In response to climate change, the structure of global energy is undergoing a profound shift from high-carbon and
                                            less efficient power sources to a low-carbon and more efficient one. The Report of the 19th National Congress of the




     President’s Statement
                                            Communist Party of China proposed China should step up efforts to speed up its establishment of a sound economic
                                            structure that facilitates green, low-carbon, and circular development, spur the development of clean energy industries
                                            and promote a revolution in energy production and consumption for the purpose of building up an energy sector
                                            that is clean, low-carbon, safe, and efficient. The promotion of revolution in energy production and consumption is
                                            expected to be China’s long-term strategies in the future while the development of green energy is also necessary in the
                                            establishment of an energy sector that is clean, low-carbon, safe, and efficient.

                                            President Xi Jinping made announcement at the General Debate of the 75th Session of The United Nations General




     Distribution of Projects
                                            Assembly in September 2020 that China aims to have carbon dioxide emissions peaked before 2030 and achieve carbon
                                            neutrality before 2060. These two carbon-related commitments suggest that it is inevitable for an electricity system to
                                            have a high proportion of electricity generated from renewable energy. The position of new energy, i.e. wind power and
                                            photovoltaic power, as the main source of electricity generation is further consolidated. Against the backdrops that the
                                            energy structure on global scale is experiencing critical changes, the commitment China has made for “carbon neutrality”
                                            also reveals its long-term policy direction of transforming into a low-carbon country.

                                            President Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the Climate Ambition Summit titled “Building on Past Achievements and


  Financial and
                                            Launching a New Journey for Global Climate Actions” in December 2020 in which he announced that, all by 2030, China will
                                            cut its carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by over 65% from the 2005 level, increase the share of non-fossil fuels in
                                            primary energy consumption to around 25%, increase the forest stock volume by 6 billion cubic meters from the 2005 level,

Operating Highlights
                                            and bring its total installed capacity of wind power and solar power to over 1,200 GW. As substantial reduction of carbon
                                            emission becomes especially highlighted, new power sources such as wind power and photovoltaic power are considered to
                                            have great potential, and their installed capacity are expected to be further increased. Looking ahead to the period for 14th
                                            Five-Year Plan, apart from more market demand and diversified use scenarios for new energy, there will be more innovation
                                            in business models, and new energy industry will see a full-swing market expansion. We believe a wave of new energy


     Management
                                            development has already started and it is far from the end.

                                            In addition, as the Korean power market is undergoing a transformation of energy structure, it is expected that there would be


Discussion and Analysis
                                            an increase in the use of renewable energy and more natural gas power plants in the future. As the operation of new power
                                            plants would intensify the competition in the power market, the profitability of Korean gas-fired power generation companies
                                            was hindered.




Biographies of Directors




and Senior Management




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.         /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                       21




Management Discussion and Analysis

II.   BUSINESS REVIEW
      The Group’s portfolio of assets comprises wind, solar, gas-fired, coal-fired, oil-fired, hydro, cogen and fuel cell projects, which
      are operating in the PRC and Korea power markets. Our business in the PRC covers 18 provinces, two autonomous regions
      and a municipality with wide geographical coverage and diversified business scope. As of 31 December 2020, the operations
      in the PRC and Korea accounted for approximately 72.8% and 27.2% of our attributable installed capacity of 7,550.6 MW,
      respectively. Clean and renewable energy projects (namely, wind, solar, gas-fired, hydro and fuel cell projects) accounted for
      77.4% of our attributable installed capacity; and conventional energy projects (namely, coal-fired, oil-fired and cogen projects)
      accounted for 22.6% of our attributable installed capacity.

      The following table sets out items selected by us from the results of the Group (by fuel type):

                                                          Korea            PRC
                                                       Gas-fired     Coal-fired,
                                                             and     Cogen and          PRC           PRC             PRC
                                                        Oil-fired     Gas-fired       Hydro          Wind            Solar
      US$ million                                       projects       projects     projects      projects        projects    Corporate       Total


      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      Revenue                                               596.3         121.4         30.9         257.6          113.1          30.6    1,149.9
      Operating expenses                                   (534.3)       (106.0)       (17.5)       (114.9)         (47.0)        (42.7)    (862.4)
      Operating profit                                       62.0          15.4         13.4         142.7           66.1         (12.1)     287.5
      Profit for the year                                    33.0          68.0         11.7          90.0           34.2         (69.3)     167.6
      Profit attributable to the equity shareholders
        of the Company                                       33.0          66.2         11.0          87.0            34.2        (69.3)     162.1

                                                           Korea           PRC
                                                        Gas-fired    Coal-fired,
                                                              and    Cogen and          PRC          PRC             PRC
                                                         Oil-fired    Gas-fired        Hydro         Wind            Solar
      US$ million                                        projects      projects      projects     projects        projects    Corporate       Total


      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      Revenue                                               752.2          208.7        33.5        171.3             81.1         29.5     1,276.3
      Operating expenses                                   (674.7)        (179.9)      (22.5)       (78.0)           (40.9)       (48.7)   (1,044.7)
      Operating profits                                      77.5           28.8        11.0         93.3             40.2        (19.2)      231.6
      Profit for the year                                    37.8           30.1         9.6         61.2             24.1        (63.4)       99.4
      Profit attributable to the equity shareholders
        of the Company                                       37.8          43.4          9.0          60.3            24.1        (63.4)     111.2

      Korea Gas-fired and Oil-fired Projects
      The utilization hours of our Korea gas-fired plants decreased from 4,524 hours to 4,320 hours in 2020, mainly due to the
      increased reserve margin and decreased electricity demand in Korea.

      Net profit decreased from US$37.8 million to US$33.0 million, which was mainly attributable to the lower electricity generation
      and decreased margins from power production in 2020.




                                                                             Annual Report 2020      /        CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                22




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement

                                            PRC Coal-fired, Cogen and Gas-fired Projects
                                            The decrease in operating profit from US$28.8 million to US$15.4 million was mainly due to suspension of production of




     President’s Statement
                                            Nanyang General Light coal-fired project in Henan Province starting from 31 December 2019 as a result of the continued
                                            drought and restricted access to local water supply. The substantial increase in profit for the year from US$30.1 million to
                                            US$68.0 million was mainly attributable to the one-off gain on the disposal of Shanghai Meiya Jinqiao Energy Co., Ltd.（上海美
                                            亞金橋能源有限公司）(the “Jinqiao JV”), which amounted to US$18.1 million.


                                            PRC Wind Projects




     Distribution of Projects
                                            In 2020, the Group’s newly commissioned attributable installed capacity of wind projects amounted to 1,077.3 MW. The
                                            increase in revenue was mainly attributable to (1) contribution from newly commissioned wind projects; (2) better wind
                                            resources and lower grid curtailment which led to the increase in average utilization hours from 1,977 hours to 2,009 hours as
                                            well as the increase in generation of gross electricity. Overall, the operating profit soared to US$142.7 million.


                                            PRC Solar Projects
                                            The Group’s newly commissioned attributable installed capacity of solar projects amounted to 214.3 MW in 2020. The


  Financial and
                                            increase in revenue was mainly attributable to contribution from newly commissioned solar projects. The substantial impact of
                                            the newly commissioned solar project has also driven the operating profit to soar to US$66.1 million in 2020, representing an
                                            increase of US$25.9 million as compared with US$40.2 million in 2019.

Operating Highlights                        Installed Capacity
                                            The attributable installed capacity of the Group’s power assets as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 by fuel type are set out as


     Management
                                            follows:




Discussion and Analysis
                                               2,961.1                                                                 1,883.8
                                               (39.2%)                                                                 (30.0%)




                                               1,088.6                                                                       874.3                                                   90.0


Biographies of Directors
                                               (14.4%)                                                    63.0             (13.9%)                                                   (1.4%)

                                                                             2020                         (0.8%)
                                                                                                                                                       2019                          507.0
                                                                                                                                                                                     (8.1%)


and Senior Management
                                                                                                          507.0
                                               1,655.0                                                    (6.7%)       1,655.0                                                       1,138.6
                                               (21.9%)                                                    1,138.6      (26.3%)                                                       (18.1%)
                                                                                                          (15.1%)
                                                                                                          137.3                                                                      137.3




     Report of the Directors
                                                                                                          (1.9%)                                                                     (2.2%)
                                                                    Total：7,550.6                                                              Total：6,286.0

                                                 Clean and renewable energy portfolio                                                                      Conventional energy portfolio


                                                          Solar             Wind                                                                       Coal-fired        Oil-fired
                                                                                         5,842.0 MW (77.4%)         2020         1,708.6 MW (22.6%)




Corporate Governance
                                                                                         4,550.4 MW ( 72.4%)        2019         1,735.6 MW ( 27.6%)
                                                          Hydro             Gas-fired                                                                                     Cogen




       Report
                                                                                                mw




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.              /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                       23




Management Discussion and Analysis

  As at 31 December 2020, the attributable installed capacity of the Group reached 7,550.6 MW, representing an increase
  of 1,264.6 MW or 20.1% from last year, among which, attributable installed capacity of wind power was 2,961.1 MW,
  representing a year-on-year increase of 1,077.3 MW or 57.2% (the new projects were mainly located in Henan Province,
  Hunan Province, Jiangxi Province, Jiangsu Province, Guangxi Autonomous Region, etc.), while that of solar power amounted
  to 1,088.6 MW with a year-on-year increase of 214.3 MW or 24.5% (the new projects were mainly located in Guizhou
  Province, Hubei Province, etc.). As at 31 December 2020, the consolidated installed capacity of the Group’s power plants
  reached 6,908.0 MW.

  In 2020, the attributable installed capacity of the cogen projects of the Group decreased by 27.0 MW, which was due to
  the disposal of the Haian cogen power plants in Jiangsu Province. Furthermore, as Jinqiao Development Zone, Shanghai
  Municipality is accelerating the implementation of the new strategy of “secondary development and leaping development”,
  there will be fewer production enterprises in the area. The Group timely disposed of the Jinqiao Steam Project in Shanghai
  Municipality with a total capacity of 240 tons/hour in 2020.

  The Company has been adhering to the principle of high-quality development and expedited project development. It is
  expected that the growth of new operating capacity in 2021 will remain steady.


  Safety Management
  Safety is our top priority. Adhering to the basic principles of “Safety First, Quality Foremost and Pursuing Excellence” during
  the development process, the Company continued to enhance safety management and profoundly cultivate a safety culture.
  In 2020, the safe production trend was generally under control and each unit dedicated extra efforts in the fostering of safety-
  oriented culture to facilitate the continuous enhancement of a culture of transparency.

  The Company strengthened the operation of a prevention guidance mechanism dedicated for the COVID-19 outbreak. An
  epidemic prevention system featuring diversified, recurring and long-term multi-disease prevention and civil-military integration
  was effectively launched to realize a stably controlled situation of “zero internal infection and zero internal spread”. During
  the epidemic, the Company fully took advantage of informatization measures to enhance distant safety supervision and
  educational trainings, ensuring constant safety management and frequent online educational trainings.

  A safe production accountability policy was thoroughly implemented by the Company, under which a safety, quality and
  environment performance file was individually created for each staff member of each business division and branch and an
  innovative daily points system was developed. Staff member of each unit would be comprehensively evaluated in respect of
  their performance in safety, quality and environment based on the daily points, performance-based interviews and performance
  results. This aimed to facilitate the effective implementation of the safe production accountability of the Company policy
  and completion of the supervision over high, middle and low level leaders regarding their safety, quality and environment
  performance.

  The full-fledged safety supervision team of the Company pushed forward the implementation of a safety director policy and in
  turn enhanced the development of top-level organizational management personnel. The Company was proactive in the rolling-
  out of the safety director policy, and the safety director of each unit who shall be specifically responsible for works related to
  safety, quality and environmental protection in the respective area all reported for duty. Therefore, professional matters shall
  be taken care of by the professionals. A safe production supervision and guidance team with outstanding comprehensive
  qualities, authority, relative independence, strong performance, clearly defined roles and responsibilities and effective
  management was gradually formed.

  An innovative safety, quality and environment inspection approach was adopted by the Company. By taking into account the
  evolving status of the epidemic and leveraging on existing resources, the Company adopted a safety, quality and environment
  inspection approach through the combination of online and offline means, which was subject to the consolidation of the
  Company and cross-region implementation, to realize a full-coverage inspection.




                                                                Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                24




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement

                                            Project Construction
                                            As influenced by both of the “installation spree” and the epidemic, with regards to its project construction, the Company




     President’s Statement
                                            exerted every effort to overcome the difficulties including short supply along the industry chain and rising construction
                                            costs, and always remained tough and strong. The Company continued to improve the construction process and strengthen
                                            synergetic cooperation with upstream and downstream companies. While ensuring that safety was well under control, the
                                            Company achieved a new record high in the new installed capacity.

                                            In addition, the Company undertook standardized and progressive informatization development with innovation achievements
                                            obtained. The informatization management level in project construction was improved through project operation analysis and
                                            establishment of early warning system. The Company received the Certificate of Scientific and Technological Achievements




     Distribution of Projects
                                            Evaluation in respect of the results of the scientific research independently completed by it, i.e. the “Research on the
                                            Application and Practice of Ubiquitous Internet of Things Technology in Wide-area Distributed Project Management”. The
                                            research provided a big data management platform for access to upstream and downstream, internal and external information
                                            as well as decision-making during construction management, which in turn ensured timely supply of equipment, improved
                                            the management of quality, safety and environmental and water protection at construction sites, real-time analysis and early
                                            warning of deviations in construction management indicators, reduced labour input, and expedited the construction cycle
                                            through effective, timely and accurate communication methods. All these reliably guaranteed the early commissioning of
                                            projects, effectively prevented operational risks arising from the projects and provided information assurance for the new
                                            capacity put into operation.

  Financial and                             The Company convened weekly construction coordination meetings throughout the year to fully realize early identification
                                            of problems, early determination of plans and early on-site implementation during the project construction process, which

Operating Highlights
                                            effectively improved the synergy and working efficiency of each department in project construction of the Company and
                                            achieved favourable results in facilitating project construction.


                                            Onshore Development of Preliminary Projects

     Management                             New energy steadily entered into the era of full grid parity in 2020. In the face of influences from the epidemic and complexities
                                            in the volatile external environment, the Company meticulously drew up plans, conducted in-depth investigations, facilitated


Discussion and Analysis
                                            synergies with internal and external parties, and propelled development through innovation. Through investigations and
                                            scientific demonstration, development strategies such as “prioritizing grid parity and fighting for competitive bidding”,
                                            “optimization and iteration of quoted prices”, and “prioritizing self-planning and participating in government tenders” were
                                            formulated, showcasing the Company’s bravery in enduring stress and its all-out effort.



Biographies of Directors
                                            The Company made additional efforts to keep track of the changes in policies of relevant national and provincial departments
                                            and energy regulators and agencies, conducted in-depth studies regarding various new energy policies and innovated work
                                            ideas based on local conditions, in order to lay a solid foundation for the high-quality development of the Company during


and Senior Management
                                            the 14th Five-Year Plan period. In 2021, the Company will continue to exert greater efforts in reserving project resources and
                                            grasp opportunities to develop wind power and photovoltaic power projects during the 14th Five-Year Plan period, in order to
                                            make greater contributions to new energy development.


                                            Offshore Wind Power


     Report of the Directors
                                            In 2020, influenced by the cessation of granting subsidies for new projects of offshore wind power industry and the capacity
                                            constraints of the 13th Five-Year Plan for offshore wind power planning, construction of offshore wind power were dominated
                                            by project reserves, and the capacity of new projects that have obtained approval was very limited.




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                    25




Management Discussion and Analysis

  In December 2020, the “2020 China Offshore Wind Engineering and Technology Conference” was held in Beijing, co-hosted
  by organizations such as Offshore Wind Association of China Association of Oceanic Engineering, China Southern Power
  Grid Co. Ltd. During the conference, prediction and speculation for the development trend of offshore wind power at home
  and abroad was made. It was expected that planned installed capacity of offshore wind power on global scale in the next
  two decades would grow at an annual rate of 13%, and by 2030, the additional planned installed capacity in respect thereof
  around the globe would achieve about 200 GW, while grid parity would be the main direction of the future development
  and focus of domestic offshore wind power industry. The conference suggested the promotion of investment and operation
  model highlighting “sea booster stations/converter station”, active expansion into industries peripheral to offshore wind power
  industry development, coordination among various kinds of energy, and exploration on the viability of development integrating
  aquafarm and offshore wind power.

  The Company has maintained steady development of offshore wind power business, and has planned in advance and made
  reasonable deployment with reference to national policies and the Company’s overall strategies such that the Company
  can make every effort to complete its goals. The construction for the Company’s H8# project (300 MW) in Rudong, Jiangsu
  Province and the 5# and 6# projects (282 MW) in Shengsi, Zhejiang Province commenced and are progressing according to
  the construction plan.


  Electricity Generation
  The electricity generated (GWh) of the projects of the Group are set out as follows:


                                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                 2020                    2019

  PRC wind projects                                                                            4,452.4                3,040.9

  PRC solar projects                                                                           1,362.4                  828.7

  PRC coal-fired, cogen and gas-fired projects                                                   430.8                1,732.7

  PRC hydro projects                                                                             875.7                  926.6

  Korea gas-fired projects                                                                     6,703.9                7,012.1


  Total                                                                                       13,825.2               13,541.0



  The Company insisted on modification, maintenance and upgrade of equipment as its focus during production and operation.
  Leveraging informatization, the Company spared all effort to overcome difficulties under the adverse circumstances caused
  by the widespread epidemic and the economic downturn in the first half of the year. The Company continued to carry out
  specific equipment modification activities to improve the utilization rate of the equipment, which largely guaranteed the
  completion of the annual electricity generation target plan. As of 31 December 2020, the electricity generated by the Group’s
  consolidated power generation projects amounted to 13,825.2 GWh, representing an increase of 2.1% from 13,541.0 GWh as
  compared with that of last year. The increase in electricity generated was mainly due to increased power generation from newly
  commissioned installed capacity of wind and solar power. The electricity generated by wind power projects and solar power
  projects reached 4,452.4 GWh and 1,362.4 GWh, representing growth rates of 46.4% and 64.4%, respectively.


  The power generated from PRC Coal-fired, Cogen and Gas-fired projects reached 430.8 GWh, representing a decrease of
  75.1% as compared to 2019, mainly due to suspension of production of Nanyang General Light coal-fired project in Henan
  Province starting from 31 December 2019 as a result of the continued drought and restricted access to local water supply.


  The total steam sold by the Group amounted to 3,353,000 tonnes, representing a slight increase of 5.9% as compared with
  2019.




                                                               Annual Report 2020        /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                26




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement
                                            The following table sets out the average utilization hour applicable to our projects for the Group:

                                            Average utilization hour by fuel type(1)




     President’s Statement
                                                                                                                                                                For the year ended
                                                                                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                                                                                    2020                               2019

                                            PRC Wind Projects(2)                                                                                                   2,009                               1,977

                                            PRC Solar Projects(3)                                                                                                  1,348                               1,519




     Distribution of Projects
                                            PRC Coal-fired Projects(4)                                                                                             4,252                               5,054

                                            PRC Cogen Projects(5)                                                                                                  5,685                               4,742

                                            PRC Hydro Projects(6)                                                                                                  4,500                               4,768

                                            Korea Gas-fired Projects(7)                                                                                            4,320                               4,524



  Financial and
                                            Notes:

                                            (1)      Average utilization hour is the gross electricity generated in a specified period divided by the average installed capacity in the same period.


Operating Highlights
                                            (2)      Average utilization hours for the year ended 31 December 2020 for the PRC wind projects in major regions such as Shandong Province, Zhejiang
                                                     Province and Gansu Province were 1,961 hours, 1,826 hours and 1,986 hours, respectively. Average utilization hours for the PRC wind power
                                                     projects increased mainly due to better overall wind resources which led to increase in the total volume of electricity generation.

                                            (3)      The average utilization hours for the year ended 31 December 2020 for the PRC solar projects in major regions such as Inner Mongolia Autonomous



     Management
                                                     Region, Anhui Province, Guizhou Province and Qinghai Province were 1,749 hours, 1,131 hours, 1,018 hours and 1,548 hours, respectively. Average
                                                     utilization hours for the PRC solar power projects decreased mainly because of the unstable solar resources available in 2020.

                                            (4)      Average utilization hour for the PRC coal-fired projects decreased in 2020 as the associates located in Hubei Province were temporarily suspended



Discussion and Analysis
                                                     from production as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic during the year, which caused a decrease in power generation.

                                            (5)      After taking out the factor of closing down of a PRC cogen project with declining productivity since April 2019, the overall utilization hour of the PRC
                                                     cogen projects improved in 2020.

                                            (6)      Average utilization hour for the PRC hydro projects decreased in 2020 mainly due to reduction of incoming water flow which caused a decrease in
                                                     power generation.


Biographies of Directors
                                            (7)      Our Korea gas-fired power projects had lower utilization hour in 2020 mainly due to a decrease in the electricity generation of Yulchon I Power Project
                                                     and Yulchon II Power Project as a result of the increased reserve margin and decreased electricity demand in Korea.



and Senior Management




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.               /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                    27




Management Discussion and Analysis

  The table below sets out the weighted average tariffs (inclusive of value-added tax (“VAT”)) applicable to our projects in the
  PRC and Korea for the Group for the periods indicated below:

  Weighted average tariff (inclusive of VAT)(1)

                                                                                                                    For the year ended
                                                                                                                      31 December
                                                             Unit                                                       2020                           2019

  PRC Wind Projects                                          RMB per kWh                                                 0.51                           0.47

  PRC Solar Projects(2)                                      RMB per kWh                                                 0.71                           0.83

  PRC Coal-fired Projects(3)                                 RMB per kWh                                                 0.43                           0.38

  PRC Cogen Projects(3)(4)                                   RMB per kWh                                                 0.47                           0.47

  PRC Hydro Projects(5)                                      RMB per kWh                                                 0.28                           0.29

  Korea Gas-fired Projects(6)                                KRW per kWh                                                93.17                       116.50

  Weighted average tariff-steam (inclusive of VAT)

  PRC Cogen Projects(7)                                      RMB per ton                                               196.85                       221.03

  Notes:

  (1)      The weighted average tariffs are affected not only by the change in the tariff for each project but also the change in net power generation for each
           project.

  (2)      The weighted average tariff of our PRC solar projects decreased in 2020 due to keen competition in electricity bid trading. In addition, the tariff of
           newly commissioned solar projects is generally lower, which therefore led to the drop in weighted average tariff.

  (3)      The weighted average tariffs for our PRC coal-fired and PRC cogen projects remained stable in 2020.

  (4)      The weighted average tariff for our PRC cogen projects excludes steam tariff.

  (5)      The weighted average tariff of our PRC hydro projects remained stable in 2020.

  (6)      The weighted average tariff for Korea gas-fired projects includes the tariff for the 25.4 MW fuel cell projects owned by Yulchon I Power Project. The
           decrease in weighted average tariff for our Korea gas-fired projects was in line with the decrease in Korean gas price.

  (7)      The decrease in weighted average tariff of steam in 2020 was in line with the decrease in PRC coal price.




                                                                             Annual Report 2020           /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                28




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement
                                            The following table sets out the weighted average gas and standard coal (inclusive of VAT) applicable to our projects in the
                                            PRC and Korea for the Group for the periods indicated below:

                                                                                                                                                             For the year ended




     President’s Statement
                                                                                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                                      Unit                                                       2020                           2019

                                            PRC weighted average standard coal price(1)(2)            RMB per ton                                               756.1                          793.1

                                            Korea weighted average gas price(1)(3)                    KRW per Nm3                                               438.5                          560.7




     Distribution of Projects
                                            Notes:

                                            (1)      The weighted average standard coal and the weighted average gas prices are weighted based on the consumption of gas or coal in each applicable
                                                     period.

                                            (2)      The PRC weighted average standard coal price in 2020 decreased compared to 2019 due to decrease in market coal price.

                                            (3)      Our Korea weighted average gas price in 2020 decreased compared to 2019 due to the decrease in the prices known as the Japanese Crude
                                                     Cocktail, which are calculated with reference to the average prices of crude oil imported into Japan and are an important determinant of natural gas
                                                     prices in Korean markets. Yulchon I Power Project’s power purchase agreement (“PPA”) allows us to pass on the fuel cost fluctuations of the tariff to
                                                     our customers in accordance with the laws.


  Financial and
                                            Revenue and segment information

Operating Highlights                        The Group has three reportable segments as follows:

                                            (1)      Power plants in the PRC – Generation and supply of electricity;



     Management
                                            (2)      Power plants in Korea – Generation and supply of electricity; and

                                            (3)      Management companies – Provision of management services to power plants operated by CGN and its subsidiaries.


Discussion and Analysis
                                            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:

                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020



Biographies of Directors
                                                                                                      Power plants              Power plants              Management
                                                                                                        in the PRC                 in Korea                companies                          Total
                                                                                                           US$’000                 US$’000                   US$’000                       US$’000


and Senior Management
                                            Segment revenue – external                                        526,685                   596,327                    26,880                1,149,892


                                            Segment results                                                   161,285                    45,467                      1,280                  208,032




     Report of the Directors
                                            Unallocated other income                                                                                                                              48
                                            Unallocated operating expenses                                                                                                                    (3,976)
                                            Unallocated finance costs                                                                                                                        (28,278)
                                            Share of results of associates                                                                                                                    29,342


                                            Profit before taxation                                                                                                                          205,168



Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.              /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                               29




Management Discussion and Analysis

  For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                 Power plants        Power plants        Management
                                                   in the PRC           in Korea          companies                Total
                                                     US$’000            US$’000             US$’000             US$’000


  Segment revenue – external                         495,024             752,201              29,056           1,276,281


  Segment results                                      86,665             57,000                1,349            145,014


  Unallocated other income                                                                                              44
  Unallocated operating expenses                                                                                    (3,189)
  Unallocated finance costs                                                                                       (33,759)
  Share of results of associates                                                                                   32,807


  Profit before taxation                                                                                         140,917


  Segment revenue for power plants in the PRC increased by 6.4%, which was mainly attributable to increase in revenue from
  newly commissioned wind and solar projects.

  Segment revenue for power plants in Korea decreased by 20.7%, it was mainly due to the increased reserve margin and the
  decreased electricity demand in Korea.

  The Group provides management services to certain subsidiaries of CGN starting from May 2014. The decrease in segment
  revenue from the management companies by 7.5% was mainly because of reduction of other operating expense incurred in
  provision of management services in 2020.

  Segment results for power plants in the PRC increased significantly by 86.1%, which was mainly contributed by the newly
  commissioned wind and solar power projects, as well as an one-off gain on the disposal of the Jinqiao JV during the year.

  Segment results for power plants in Korea decreased by 20.2%, which was mainly due to the lower electricity generation and
  decreased margins from power production in 2020.




                                                            Annual Report 2020      /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                30




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement
                                            The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by reportable segments:

                                                                                                                                            2020                 2019
                                                                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000




     President’s Statement
                                            Segment assets
                                            Power plants in the PRC                                                                      5,209,023           3,705,294
                                            Power plants in Korea                                                                        1,532,511           1,434,335
                                            Management companies                                                                             4,156               3,221


                                            Total segment assets                                                                         6,745,690           5,142,850
                                            Interests in associates                                                                        206,083             190,608




     Distribution of Projects
                                            Unallocated
                                               – Right-of-use assets                                                                        1,441                2,890
                                               – Others                                                                                    23,318               42,819


                                            Consolidated assets                                                                          6,976,532           5,379,167


                                            Segment liabilities

  Financial and
                                            Power plants in the PRC                                                                      3,944,793           2,665,605
                                            Power plants in Korea                                                                          926,266             887,336
                                            Management companies                                                                               645                 848

Operating Highlights                        Total segment liabilities                                                                    4,871,704           3,553,789
                                            Unallocated
                                              – Bank borrowings                                                                           100,000              100,000



     Management
                                              – Loans from fellow subsidiaries                                                            700,000              700,000
                                              – Lease liabilities                                                                           1,552                3,072
                                              – Others                                                                                      5,895               12,859



Discussion and Analysis
                                            Consolidated liabilities                                                                     5,679,151           4,369,720


                                            The increase in both segment assets and liabilities for power plants in the PRC in 2020 was mainly due to heavy investment in
                                            purchases of property, plant and equipment for a number of subsidiaries.

Biographies of Directors                    The increase in both segment assets and liabilities for power plants in Korea in 2020 was mainly due to the development of the
                                            new biomass project.


and Senior Management                       Scientific and Technological Innovation
                                            The Company has attached great importance to scientific and technological innovation. It focused on the introduction,
                                            promotion and application of advanced technologies and supported the progressive development of new energy business




     Report of the Directors
                                            by leveraging scientific and technological innovation, contributing its efforts towards the goals of peaking carbon dioxide
                                            emissions by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060.

                                            Digital transformation to build a smart operation and maintenance platform:

                                            The Company has built a smart operation and maintenance platform and established four centers for the management
                                            and control of existing assets, namely the centralized control center, early warning center, safety center and data center.
                                            These four centers worked together to enable the Company to achieve high-quality development empowered by production

Corporate Governance
                                            informatization.




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                      31




Management Discussion and Analysis

  Centralized control center: Aiming to address the multiplicity as well as the substantial range of and difficulties in management
  works of new energy, the Company comprehensively facilitated region-based centralized control by exploring the path of
  standardization, informatization, centralization and specialization. The Company has established a centralized control center
  to realize a centralized monitoring model and optimize the on-site operation and maintenance model in stations, which saved
  labor costs.

  Early warning center: To realize the transformation from passive to active equipment management, anticipation of substandard
  equipment condition for preventative maintenance, the Company has established an early warning center with the best core
  competency focusing on equipment condition. Development and core operation and maintenance of a self-control model
  were basically achieved under the system to enable online monitoring and fault early warning of equipment. A preventative
  maintenance system has been preliminarily formed.

  Safety center: The Company has set up an integrated safety monitoring platform to enable remote technical guidance, safety
  inspection, remote stationing and other works at the sites, and established a full-scenario safety protection network system
  and a safety emergency operations center, ensuring that safe production was supervised and reviewed. Currently, a number
  of video surveillance points have been established across the country and mobile operation and maintenance have made fully
  available, which sufficiently allowed centralized control of safety monitoring and dispatching. By means of technology and
  informatization, the Company improved the level of safety monitoring characterized by excellent quality in order to prevent the
  occurrence of major accidents and incidents.

  Data center: Digital economy has become a “new driver, new engine and new advantage” for facilitating the high-quality
  growth of enterprises, where “data” has even become a new production factor. In order to reinforce and improve the quality of
  corporate data, the Company has established a data center primarily for basic data of the production information system, and
  has developed a well justified methodology for data standard and data management which the Company was the first in the
  industry. Through online monitoring and manual review, the Company ensured the accuracy and reliability of final data, and laid
  a foundation for digital transformation in business and subsequently advanced application.

  Smart offshore wind power operation platform:

  In December 2020, the Company launched a smart offshore wind power operation platform to enable full-scenario safety
  protection, construction and operation management, and analysis of operation and maintenance strategies for offshore
  projects. The system also fully embodied the close integration between meteorological service and generation, operation
  and maintenance of offshore wind power. Such system excelled the traditional meteorological service model by significantly
  improving the accuracy of weather forecast for offshore wind power projects, playing a leading and exemplary role in the
  industry.

  Groundbreaking establishment of the first suite of electric power marketing information system in the domestic new energy
  industry:

  In order to cope with the challenges in the market, the Company has established the first suite of electric power marketing
  information platform for new energy in the PRC by centering on scientific and technological innovation in the context of thriving
  digital economy. In December 2020, the first phase of the electric power marketing information management platform of the
  Company was successfully put into operation, which enabled platform-based tracking and monitoring of the entire business
  process covering transactions at self-owned stations, electricity purchase and sale transactions with external parties, power
  curtailment management and so on, signifying that the Company’s electric power marketing business has entered into a new
  stage of digitalization and intelligentization.

  The Company will continuously insist on scientific and technological innovation and strengthen education for and cultivation of
  talents with innovative minds, in order to solidly guarantee the high-quality growth of the Company.




                                                               Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                32




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement

                                            Social Responsibility
                                            The Company has been earnestly fulfilling its corporate social responsibility by preventing the epidemic, fighting against




     President’s Statement
                                            floods, as well as bravely and responsibly guiding the industry to pursue healthy development in response to the national
                                            energy strategies. The Company committedly took part in poverty alleviation works through industry-driven poverty alleviation,
                                            education-driven poverty alleviation and donations.

                                            The Company was steadfast in thoroughly following the important guidance, spirit and work deployment of the Central
                                            Committee of the Communist Party of China in respect of epidemic prevention. The Company considered epidemic prevention
                                            as the most important and urgent political mission and was committed to overcoming such difficult times together with the
                                            country. With its comprehensive epidemic prevention efforts, the Company dealt with the epidemic outbreaks and sporadic




     Distribution of Projects
                                            local cases in places like Wuhan, Beijing and Hong Kong in a sophisticated and reliable manner.

                                            During June and July 2020, floods occurred in several southern provinces. The Company initiated certain contingency plans
                                            for certain projects and deployed leaders at each level of the branches on the frontline to fight against the floods and made
                                            them fully devote themselves to works such as monitoring and early warning, slope and dam inspection, which enabled the
                                            Company to achieve a big win in this flood control war.


                                            Exchange of Ideas with Industry Peers
  Financial and                             In 2020, the Company organized and participated in a number of conferences in relation to the wind power industry and
                                            photovoltaic power industry, in which the Company had discussions and analyses on hot issues about development of the

Operating Highlights
                                            industries together with representatives such as competent authority for the industries and experts.

                                            In November 2020, the third Annual Forum for Leaders of Renewable Energy Enterprise（第三屆可再生能源開發企業領導人
                                            年度座談會）, organized by the Chinese Wind Energy Association of the China Renewable Energy Society and undertaken
                                            by the Company, was held in Beijing in which there was in-depth discussion and exchange of ideas focusing on the current


     Management
                                            opportunities and challenges in the face of the development of renewable energy in China, mainly in relation to the goals
                                            for different stages of development of wind power industry in the context of achieving “carbon neutrality by 2060” and
                                            suggestions for the 14th Five-Year Plan and supporting policies in respect thereof.


Discussion and Analysis
                                            In November 2020, the Company participated in the 2020 National Annual Conference for Large Wind Energy Equipment
                                            Industry cum Wind Power Industry Development Forum（ 2020全國大型風能設備行業年會暨風電產業發展論壇）and delivered
                                            a keynote speech titled “Collaboration and Win-win – Joining Hands to Create a New Pattern of Synergic Development for the
                                            Wind Power Industry under the Vision of Carbon Neutrality”（《合縱連橫，攜手共贏，全力打造碳中和願景下風電產業協同發
                                            展新格局 》）. In the conference, we had in-depth discussion and exchange of ideas with other attendees on some top news
Biographies of Directors
                                            and hot topics in the industry such as transformation of energy structure and renewable energy development-related policies,
                                            status of development of the wind power industry development and trends in the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the ways


and Senior Management
                                            to achieve synergy and win-win industrywide in the era of grid parity, innovation and cutting-edge technologies in the wind
                                            power industry, the integrated use of wind power as well as green and low-carbon development.

                                           In December 2020, the Company participated in the 2020 China Offshore Wind Engineering and Technology Conference
                                           （ 2020中國海上風電工程技術大會）and took part in a forum session with peers in the industry chain under the theme of
                                           “Sharing Innovated Engineering Technologies and Discussing the Ways to Achieve Grid-Parity” (《共享工程技術創新共商平價




     Report of the Directors
                                           發展之路 》). Against the backdrops of goals of achieving “peaking carbon emission” and “carbon neutrality”, the conference
                                           aimed to explore the ways to achieve grid parity of offshore wind power, expedite the innovation and advancement of
                                           engineering technologies, and help solve difficult issues taken place in the industry chain. We had in-depth discussions and
                                           shared ideas with guest attendees in regards to the above topics.




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                      33




Management Discussion and Analysis

  In December 2020, we participated in the 5th China Offshore Wind Power Conference（第五屆中國海上風電大會）organized
  by China Electrical Equipment Industrial Association, in which we delivered an opening speech and participated in dialogue
  with peers in the industrial chain. In the conference, there were in-depth discussions and exchanges of ideas on the focus
  of the conference which was themed “Offshore Wind Power, Smart Energy”（海上風電、智慧能源）, contributing valuable
  ideas and suggestions for facilitating self-dependent innovation and industrial upgrading in respect of offshore wind power
  technologies and equipment and engineering projects and in turn serving to push forward quality-oriented development of
  wind power industry in China.

  In December 2020, the Company participated in the 2020 China Photovoltaic Industry Annual Conference（ 2020中國光伏行
  業年度大會）and took part in the guest dialogue. The conference was organized by China Photovoltaic Industry Association
  with the aim to facilitate the exchange of ideas and communication about the opportunities in and challenges faced by the
  photovoltaic industry under the new development pattern of full grid parity, as well as to discuss the future direction and trend
  of the development of the photovoltaic industry in China with respect to an “intensive reduction in carbon emission”.

  In order to adhere to the spirit of President Xi Jinping in his instructions on reaching “peaking carbon emission by 2030” and
  “carbon neutrality by 2060” and to assume the responsibilities of being a centrally administrated state-owned enterprise, the
  Company is determined to its strategies of propelling its development in the new energy business with a hope to secure any
  opportunities in the wind power industry and photovoltaic power industry.


  Brand Promotion: Recognitions and Awards
  In 2020, adhering to the philosophy of “bearing the initial intention in mind in the path to ingenuity”（以初心、致匠心）, the
  Company has made effort on consolidating its leading position in technological innovation and establishing a system that
  conduces technical innovation. Apart from expanding its scope of business, for the purpose of facilitating a high-quality
  development, the Company insisted on building a professional team, by hierarchy and in goal-oriented approach, which are
  equipped with high technological background, competitive market-wise and can deliver great prospects. The Company won a
  number of awards in terms of engineering and innovation as follows.

  When it comes to innovation in branding, it only took as short as 98 days for Dangtu Photovoltaic Power Station to go through
  from construction to power connection, which is located in Anhui Province and is the largest fishing-photovoltaic power
  project in Eastern China with a capacity of 260 MW. Apart from self-made innovation, the Company was in active cooperation
  with various colleges and scientific research institutions, and has forged Dangtu Photovoltaic Power Station as an industry,
  education and research base for Company and Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, while the Company was
  also committed to developing Dangtu Photovoltaic Power Station into “a garden-like photovoltaic power station” in the hope of
  winning the first “National Quality Engineering Award” in photovoltaic field in China. The Company was also granted the honor
  of “China Innovation Leadership Vanguard Brand”（全國創新領導先鋒品牌）thanks to unremitting effort and contribution.

  In September 2020, the Company was awarded 3 Outstanding Quality Management Achievement Awards for China’s power
  industry by China Association for Water and Electricity Quality Management. The theme of the performance report released
  by our quality management team was “Consolidating Our Base, Implementing Our Standards, Innovating and Empowering
  Ourselves”（紮根基層 • 落實標準 • 創新賦能）, in which our quality management team exchanged its fruitful experience and
  shared new ideas from performance in quality management, in the hope of brainstorming power enterprises in enhancing
  its quality management. At the report release conference, our quality management team deeply explained its idea, yet in a
  simple and understandable language, which was highly received and recognized by the evaluation panel, attaining remarkable
  performance. Being profoundly concerned about quality management, the Company has been perseverant in making
  employees enthusiastic and proactive in being a part in innovation, and encouraging employees to develop new products,
  research and develop new methods, adopt new technologies and solve new problems.




                                                               Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                34




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement
                                            In November 2020, two scientific and technological achievements gained by the Company, namely “Research and Application
                                            of Technology for Analysis of Harmonic Source Positioning in New Energy Stations”（《新能源場站諧波源定位分析技術的研
                                            究與應用 》）and “Research and Application in Enhancement of Design of Grounding Network of Fishing-Photovoltaic Power
                                            Complementary Photovoltaic Station”（《漁光互補光伏電站接地網設計優化研究與應用 》）, won “Third Prize in 2020 Scientific
                                            and Technological Advancement Award for Power Development”（ 2020年度電力建設科學技術進步獎三等獎）awarded by



     President’s Statement
                                            China Electric Power Construction Association. The Scientific and Technological Advancement Award for Power Development
                                            is granted by the Ministry of Science and Technology and is regarded as the most honorable science and technology award
                                            in the power development industry. This award aims to incentivize power enterprises in enhancing their ability in scientific and
                                            technological innovation, to promote the production and application of scientific and technological outcomes, and accordingly
                                            facilitate the channeling of the scientific and technological outcomes to productivity that are conducive to enterprises’ scientific
                                            and technological innovation.




     Distribution of Projects
                                            In December 2020, the Company received 2 awards in relation to “Second Prize for Achievements in Activities of the
                                            Electricity Development Quality Control Group in 2020”（ 2020年度電力建設質量管理小組活動二等成果獎）from the China
                                            Electric Power Construction Association. The achievements of the quality control group of the Company being shortlisted
                                            demonstrated to industry peers our project quality management standard and innovation development level as well as the
                                            enthusiasm and creativity of our employees, further enhancing the influence of the Company in the power industry. The
                                            Company will make greater efforts in innovation by actively promoting the application of “new technology, new craftsmanship,
                                            new procedures, new equipment and new applications”, with an aim to make greater contributions to facilitating the high-
                                            quality sustainable development of the Company.


  Financial and
                                            Considering “Developing Clean Energy and Building a Beautiful China”（發展清潔能源，建設美麗中國）as its mission, the
                                            Company has always upheld its key development principles such as promoting green development. The Company has

Operating Highlights
                                            always prioritized its concern about environmental-friendliness in development and operation of any project and has started
                                            its work in the protection for ecosphere, atmosphere and aquatic environment. In October 2020, the Company was awarded
                                            the “InnoESG Prize” 2020 in Hong Kong, which represents that the Company’s contribution to sustainable development has
                                            drawn attention from and recognition by the market. The Company is the only power producer that had received this award for
                                            two consecutive years. The “InnoESG Prize”, jointly issued by the organizations such as UNESCO HK Global Peace Centre,


     Management
                                            is offered as a credit to listed companies that have made a constructive and positive impact in the area of “environmental,
                                            social and corporate governance” (ESG), which also serves as a support and full recognition for the Company’s initiatives in
                                            sustainable development. The Company will continue to improve the comprehensiveness of information disclosure, benchmark


Discussion and Analysis
                                            against the practices of leading enterprises in order to further enhance the broadness of the ESG report. At the same time, the
                                            Company will continue its efforts in promoting high-quality development, and consolidating in the clean energy market for the
                                            purpose of providing safe, environmentally friendly and economical clean energy to the society.




Biographies of Directors




and Senior Management




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        35




Management Discussion and Analysis

III.   OPERATING RESULTS AND ANALYSIS
       In 2020, the revenue of the Group amounted to approximately US$1,149.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately
       9.9% compared with last year. The profit attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately
       US$162.1 million, representing an increase of approximately US$50.9 million or 45.8% as compared with last year.

       In 2020, the profit of the Group amounted to approximately US$167.6 million, representing an increase of approximately
       US$68.2 million or 68.6% as compared with approximately US$99.4 million of last year.


       Revenue
       In 2020, the revenue of the Group amounted to approximately US$1,149.9 million, representing a decrease of 9.9% compared
       with approximately US$1,276.3 million of last year. Revenue derived from Korea amounted to US$596.3 million, representing
       a decrease of 20.7% as compared with US$752.2 million of last year. The decrease in revenue was mainly attributable to the
       lower weighted average tariff of Yulchon I & II Power Projects as a result of the lower gas price in Korea.

       The revenue derived from the PRC coal-fired, cogen and gas-fired projects amounted to US$121.4 million, representing a
       decrease of 41.8% as compared with US$208.7 million of last year, which was mainly attributable to suspension of production
       of Nanyang General Light coal-fired project in Henan Province starting from 31 December 2019 due to the continued drought
       and restricted access to local water supply.

       The revenue derived from wind and solar projects in the PRC amounted to US$370.7 million, representing an increase of
       46.9% as compared with US$252.4 million of last year, mainly attributable to the newly commissioned installed capacity.


       Operating Expenses
       In 2020, the operating expenses of the Group amounted to approximately US$862.4 million, representing a decrease of
       approximately 17.4% compared with approximately US$1,044.7 million of last year. The decrease in operating expenses was
       mainly due to substantial decrease in gas price and gas costs of our Yulchon I & II Power Projects. In addition, both the coal
       price and coal consumption of the PRC coal-fired, cogen and gas-fired projects have dropped substantially, which led to an
       overall reduction in operating expenses.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                36




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement
                                            The breakdown of operating expenses is analysed below:

                                                                                                                                        2020                    2019
                                                                                                                                     US$’000                 US$’000




     President’s Statement
                                            Operating expenses:
                                              Coal, oil and gas                                                                      492,510                  698,265
                                              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                          193,031                  159,831
                                              Repair and maintenance                                                                  30,447                   40,675
                                              Staff costs                                                                             85,835                   76,524
                                              Others (Note)                                                                           60,602                   69,368




     Distribution of Projects
                                            Total operating expenses                                                                 862,425                1,044,663


                                                                                                                                         2020                     2019
                                                                                                                                      US$’000                  US$’000

                                            Note:
                                            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                         13,533                   7,753
                                            Fuel, chemicals, electricity and water                                                       9,153                   6,120
                                            Consultancy fees                                                                             6,180                   5,052

  Financial and
                                            Tools and consumables                                                                        4,309                   3,411
                                            Outsourcing expenses                                                                         4,039                   6,037
                                            Other maintenance cost                                                                       3,822                   9,682


Operating Highlights
                                            Insurance expenses                                                                           3,516                   3,311
                                            Other taxes, surcharges and duties                                                           3,324                   4,140
                                            Transportation and entertainment expenses                                                    2,721                   4,456
                                            Operation support expenses                                                                   2,638                   3,338
                                            Expense relating to short-term leases                                                        1,635                   2,411
                                            Office expenses                                                                              1,403                   4,913



     Management
                                            Miscellaneous operating expenses                                                             4,329                   8,744

                                                                                                                                        60,602                  69,368




Discussion and Analysis
                                            Operating Profit
                                            In 2020, the operating profit, which is equal to revenue minus operating expenses, of the Group amounted to approximately


Biographies of Directors
                                            US$287.5 million, representing an increase of approximately US$55.9 million or 24.1% compared with approximately
                                            US$231.6 million of last year. The increase in operating profit was mainly caused by the contribution from newly commissioned
                                            wind and solar projects.



and Senior Management




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.             /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                  37




Management Discussion and Analysis

  Other Income
  Other income mainly represented interest income, government grants and the refund of value added tax. In 2020, other
  income of the Group amounted to approximately US$26.3 million, representing an increase of approximately US$3.1 million or
  13.4% compared with approximately US$23.2 million of last year.


  Finance Costs
  In 2020, the finance costs of the Group amounted to approximately US$145.0 million, representing an increase of
  approximately US$22.9 million or 18.8% compared with approximately US$122.1 million of last year. The increase in finance
  costs was mainly attributable to the increase in weighted average balances of bank borrowings and loan from the ultimate
  holding company.


  Share of Results of Associates
  In 2020, the share of results of associates amounted to approximately US$29.3 million, representing a decrease of
  approximately US$3.5 million or 10.7% compared with approximately US$32.8 million of last year. The decrease in profit of
  the associates was mainly due to the temporary suspension of production at power plants located in the Hubei Province as a
  result of the COVID-19 pandemic during the first half of 2020, which has resumed production starting from April 2020.


  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary
  In May 2020, the Group disposed of its entire equity interest in Jinqiao JV, representing 60% of the total equity interest in
  the Jinqiao JV, through a public tender process of Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange（上海聯合產權交易所）at a
  consideration of RMB155.8 million (equivalent to US$22.0 million). The disposal was completed in May 2020, when the Group
  disposed of its entire equity interests in the Jinqiao JV and recognized a gain on disposal of US$18.1 million.

  In October 2019, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with CGN Energy International Holdings Co., Limited
  （中國廣核能源國際控股有限公司）(“CGN Energy International”) Limited to dispose of its entire interest in MPC Investment
  (HK) Company Limited (“MPCI”), which in turn owns the entire equity interest in CGN Meineng Corporate Management
  (Shenzhen) Ltd., to CGN Energy International at a cash consideration of US$1. Furthermore, CGN Energy International agreed
  to procure MPCI to repay the shareholder’s loan of US$1.6 million in full. The disposal was completed in October 2019, when
  the Group ceased to have control over MPCI and recognized a gain on disposal of US$0.5 million.


  Income Tax Expenses
  In 2020, the income tax expenses of the Group amounted to approximately US$37.5 million, representing a decrease of
  approximately US$4.1 million or 9.9% compared with approximately US$41.6 million of last year.




                                                             Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                38




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement

                                            Liquidity and Capital Resources
                                            The Group’s bank balances and cash increased slightly from US$384.1 million as at 31 December 2019 to US$398.9 million




     President’s Statement
                                            as at 31 December 2020, which has been kept at a stable level overall.


                                            Net Debt/Equity Ratio
                                            The Group’s net debt/equity ratio increased from 3.29 as at 31 December 2019 to 3.61 as at 31 December 2020, which was
                                            due to the increase in net debt (which equals to total debt less available cash) as a result of increase in bank borrowings and
                                            loan from the ultimate holding company.




     Distribution of Projects
                                            Dividend
                                            At the Board meeting held on 24 March 2021, the Board recommended the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31
                                            December 2020 of 1.59 US cents per share (equivalent to 12.42 HK cents per share), totalling approximately US$68.3 million
                                            (equivalent to approximately HK$532.9 million), which is calculated based on 4,290,824,000 shares in issue on 24 March
                                            2021. Payout ratio of the proposed dividend is 42% (equivalent to 25% of profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders
                                            of the Company for the two financial years of 2019 and 2020 as dividends, since no dividend was paid out for the year ended


  Financial and
                                            31 December 2019).


                                            Earnings per share
Operating Highlights
                                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020                    2019
                                                                                                                                      US cents                 US cents


     Management
                                            Earnings per share, basic and diluted – calculated based on
                                              the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the year                                  3.78                     2.59


Discussion and Analysis                     Earnings per share, basic and diluted – calculated based on
                                              the number of ordinary shares outstanding at year end                                        3.78                     2.59




Biographies of Directors
                                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                          2020                     2019
                                                                                                                                       US$’000                  US$’000


and Senior Management
                                            Earnings for the purpose of calculating basic and diluted earnings
                                              per share (profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of
                                              the Company)                                                                             162,087                   111,207




     Report of the Directors
                                                                                                                                           ’000                     ’000

                                            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
                                             calculating basic and diluted earnings per share                                         4,290,824                4,290,824


                                            Number of ordinary shares outstanding at year end                                         4,290,824                4,290,824



Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                      39




Management Discussion and Analysis

  Trade Receivables
                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2020                      2019
                                                                                             US$’000                   US$’000

  Trade receivables – contracts with customers                                                430,976                   327,831
  Less: allowance for credit losses                                                              (703)                     (536)


                                                                                              430,273                   327,295


  The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented based on the invoice date at
  the end of the reporting period, which approximated the revenue recognition dates.

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2020                      2019
                                                                                             US$’000                   US$’000

  0 – 60 days                                                                                 151,034                   140,573
  61 – 90 days                                                                                 12,617                     9,874
  91 – 180 days                                                                                39,961                    28,918
  Over 180 days                                                                               226,661                   147,930


                                                                                              430,273                   327,295




  Trade Payables
  The following is an aging analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2020                      2019
                                                                                             US$’000                   US$’000

  0 – 60 days                                                                                   58,490                   82,787
  61 – 90 days                                                                                   1,679                   73,365
  Over 90 days                                                                                  10,535                   86,619


  Total                                                                                         70,704                  242,771


  The average credit period on purchases of goods is 26 days (2019: 39 days) for the year ended 31 December 2020. The
  Group has financial risk management policies in place to ensure all payables are settled within the credit period.




                                                               Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                40




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement

                                            Non-current assets classified as held for sale
                                            On 8 May 2019, the Group entered into an agreement with an independent third party, committee of Haian National Economic




     President’s Statement
                                            and Technical Development Zone (the “Committee”), to dispose of one of the Group’s construction lands and certain electric
                                            and steam generating facilities and equipment in the PRC. The assets that are expected to be sold within twelve months
                                            from the end of the reporting period have been classified as non-current assets classified as held for sale and are separately
                                            presented in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                                            Major classes of assets as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                      As at 31 December




     Distribution of Projects
                                                                                                                                        2020                     2019
                                                                                                                                     US$’000                  US$’000

                                            Total assets classified as held for sale
                                              – Property, plant and equipment                                                                –                  20,318


                                            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the above assets have been transferred to the Committee and non-current assets
                                            classified as held for sale is derecognized.

  Financial and
                                            Financial Position
Operating Highlights                        Non-current assets increased from US$4,384.0 million as at 31 December 2019 to US$5,741.6 million as at 31 December
                                            2020, which was mainly due to the additions of property, plant and equipment and other non-current assets during the year.




     Management
                                            Current assets increased from US$995.2 million as at 31 December 2019 to US$1,235.0 million as at 31 December 2020,
                                            which was mainly attributable to the increase in trade receivables and contract assets.

                                            Current liabilities increased from US$1,559.4 million as at 31 December 2019 to US$2,039.4 million as at 31 December 2020,


Discussion and Analysis
                                            which was mainly due to the increase in loan from the ultimate holding company.

                                            Non-current liabilities increased from US$2,810.3 million as at 31 December 2019 to US$3,639.7 million as at 31 December
                                            2020, which was mainly due to increase in bank borrowings.



Biographies of Directors




and Senior Management




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.         /       Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                  41




Management Discussion and Analysis

  Goodwill
                                                                                                                    2020                           2019
                                                                                                                 US$’000                        US$’000

  COST
  At 1 January                                                                                                    167,236                        169,976
  Exchange differences                                                                                             11,508                         (2,740)

  At 31 December                                                                                                  178,744                        167,236


  ACCUMULATED IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
  At 1 January                                                                                                            –                               –
  Impairment losses recognized in profit or loss                                                                     (8,995)                              –
  Exchange differences                                                                                                 (508)                              –

                                                                                                                     (9,503)                              –

  CARRYING AMOUNTS
  At 31 December                                                                                                  169,241                        167,236



  Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill
  Goodwill is allocated to the following cash-generating units or group of cash-generating units as follow:

                                                                                                                    2020                           2019
                                                                                                                 US$’000                        US$’000

  Wind Energy Subsidiaries (as defined below) (Note)                                                              120,954                        115,013
  Solar Energy Subsidiaries (as defined below) (Note)                                                              46,810                         50,788
  Multiple units without significant goodwill                                                                       1,477                          1,435

                                                                                                                  169,241                        167,236


  Note:

  For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the subsidiaries under CGN Wind Energy Limited acquired in 2015 (“Wind Energy
  Subsidiaries”) and subsidiaries under CGN Solar Energy Development Co., Ltd. acquired in 2015 (“Solar Energy Subsidiaries”) which are considered as
  group of cash-generating units. The recoverable amounts of the Wind Energy Subsidiaries and Solar Energy Subsidiaries have been determined based on
  value in use calculations. Goodwill impairment testing has been assessed for the Wind Energy Subsidiaries and Solar Energy Subsidiaries individually. These
  calculations are based on the present value of the cash flow projections covering the operation period of each individual cash-generating unit. The cash flow
  projections derived from the most recent financial budgets approved by management which cover operation periods ranging from 9 to 43 years. The cash
  flow projections are discounted using discount rate ranged from 8.73% to 10.17% (2019: from 9.20% to 9.22%). Other key assumptions for the value in use
  calculations relate to the budgeted sales and gross margin, which is determined based on past performance of the Wind Energy Subsidiaries and Solar Energy
  Subsidiaries and management’s expectations for the market development. The estimated annual average growth rates in electricity generation volume ranging
  from -3% to 8.1% (2019: 0% to 3.0%).

  During the year ended 31 December 2020, due to the uncertainty of the future tariff rate following the issuance of Caijian No. 4 [2020], Several Opinions on
  Promoting the Healthy Development of the Power Generation of Non-hydro Renewable Energy by the Ministry of Finance, the National Development and
  Reform Commission, and the National Energy Administration, impairment losses of US$1,905,000 and US$7,090,000 were recognized in “Other gains and
  losses” in relation to certain CGUs of the Group’s Wind Energy Subsidiaries and Solar Energy Subsidiaries respectively. Three cash-generating units ,CGN
  Gansu Guazhou Wind Power Co., Ltd（中廣核甘肅瓜州風力發電有限公司）, CGN Solar Wulan Co., Ltd（中廣核太陽能烏蘭有限公司）and CGN Solar
  (Jiaxing) Co., Ltd.（中廣核太陽能（嘉興）有限公司）, have been reduced to their recoverable amounts of US$85,980,000, US$37,317,000 and US$9,018,000
  respectively and adverse change in the assumptions used in the calculations of recoverable amounts would result in further impairment losses.




                                                                             Annual Report 2020          /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                42




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement

                                            Bank Borrowings
                                            The Group’s total bank borrowings increased from US$2,597.9 million as at 31 December 2019 to US$3,610.8 million as at 31




     President’s Statement
                                            December 2020. Details of bank borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                      2020                   2019
                                                                                                                                   US$’000                US$’000

                                            Secured                                                                               2,979,540             2,189,360
                                            Unsecured                                                                               631,304               408,537




     Distribution of Projects
                                                                                                                                  3,610,844             2,597,897


                                            The maturity profile of bank borrowings is as follows:

                                            Within one year                                                                         721,579               576,214
                                            More than one year but not exceeding two years                                          323,538               315,074
                                            More than two years but not exceeding five years                                        951,658               648,395

  Financial and
                                            Over five years                                                                       1,614,069             1,058,214



Operating Highlights
                                                                                                                                  3,610,844             2,597,897
                                            Less: Amounts due for settlement within one year shown
                                                   under current liabilities                                                       (721,579)              (576,214)




     Management
                                            Amounts due for settlement after one year                                             2,889,265             2,021,683


                                            As at 31 December 2020, the Group had committed unutilized banking facilities of US$4,216.8 million.


Discussion and Analysis
                                            All bank borrowings at the end of the reporting period are denominated in the functional currency of the respective group
                                            entities that include RMB, USD and KRW. The bank borrowings of the Group carry interest rates which range from 1.47% to
                                            4.90% (31 December 2019: 1.75% to 6.62%) per annum during the year ended 31 December 2020. The analysis of bank
                                            borrowings with fixed interest rate and variable interest rate is analysed below:


Biographies of Directors
                                                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                      2020                   2019


and Senior Management
                                                                                                                                   US$’000                US$’000

                                            Fixed rate                                                                              990,805               673,859
                                            Variable rate                                                                         2,620,039             1,924,038




     Report of the Directors
                                                                                                                                  3,610,844             2,597,897




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                  43




Management Discussion and Analysis

  Loans from Fellow Subsidiaries and the Ultimate Holding Company
  As at 31 December 2020, the amounts represent:

  (i)     Loan from CGN Finance of RMB1,170.0 million (equivalent to US$179.3 million) (2019: RMB1,600.0 million (equivalent
          to US$229.4 million)) is unsecured, interest bearing at 3.5% per annum and repayable in 2021.

          Loan from CGN Finance of RMB44.1 million (equivalent to US$6.8 million) (2019: nil) is unsecured, interest bearing at
          4.2% per annum and repayable in 2035.

          Loan from CGN Finance of RMB500.7 million (equivalent to US$76.7 million) (2019: nil) is unsecured, interest bearing
          at RMB Loan Prime Rate announced by the PRC National Interbank Funding Center minus 0.4% per annum and
          repayable in 2040.

  (ii)    Loan from CGN Wind Energy of RMB600.0 million (equivalent to US$92.0 million) (2019: RMB1,000.0 million
          (equivalent to US$143.4 million)) is unsecured, interest bearing at 3.5% per annum and repayable in 2021.

  (iii)   Loan from CGNPC Huasheng of US$250.0 million (2019: US$250.0 million) is unsecured, interest bearing at 3 months
          London Interbank Offered Rate plus 1.3% per annum and repayable in 2021.

  (iv)    Loan from CGN of RMB1,930.0 million (equivalent to US$295.8 million) (2019: nil) is unsecured, interest bearing at
          3.0% per annum and repayable in 2021.

          Loan from CGN of RMB800.0 million (equivalent to US$122.6 million) (2019: nil) is unsecured, interest bearing at 3.0%
          per annum and repayable in 2022.

  (v)     Loan from China Clean Energy Development Limited of US$450.0 million (2019: US$450.0 million) is unsecured,
          interest bearing at 4.5% per annum and repayable in 2025.




                                                             Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                44




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement

                                            Capital Expenditures
                                            The Group’s capital expenditure increased by US$248.8 million to US$1,323.1 million in 2020 from US$1,074.3 million in




     President’s Statement
                                            2019.


                                            Contingent Liabilities
                                            As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


                                            Pledged Assets


     Distribution of Projects
                                            The Group pledged certain property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, trade receivables, contract assets and bank
                                            deposits for credit facilities granted to the Group. As at 31 December 2020, the total book value of the pledged assets
                                            amounted to US$1,815.0 million (2019: US$2,690.3 million).


                                            Employees and Remuneration Policy
                                            As at 31 December 2020, the Group had about 1,837 full-time employees, with the majority based in China. The Group

  Financial and
                                            provides its employees with salaries and bonuses, as well as employee benefits, including retirement schemes, medical and life
                                            insurance schemes.


Operating Highlights
                                            Employees located in China are covered by the mandatory social security schemes required by local practice and regulations
                                            of the PRC, which are essentially defined contribution schemes. The Group is required by the PRC law to contribute a
                                            certain percentage of the average salaries of the employees to various schemes in accordance with the respective regulatory
                                            requirements of each city. The PRC government is directly responsible for the payment of the benefits to these employees.


     Management
                                            In Korea, the Group is required by law to contribute 4.5% of the employees’ monthly average salaries for the national pension,
                                            3.335% for national health insurance (10.25% of the national health insurance contribution for long term care insurance),



Discussion and Analysis
                                            1.05% for unemployment insurance, 1.093% (Seoul Office)/0.833% (Yulchon)/0.833%(Daesan) for the industrial accident
                                            compensation insurance and 0.06% for a wage claim guarantee fund.

                                            In Hong Kong, the Group participates in a mandatory provident fund scheme established under the Mandatory Provident Fund
                                            Schemes Ordinance (Cap. 485). Employees contribute 5.0% of their relevant income to the mandatory provident fund scheme
                                            and the Group contributes 10.0% of each employee’s monthly base salary.

Biographies of Directors                    The remuneration of senior management is determined by making reference to the performance of individuals and the Group
                                            and market trends. The emoluments of senior management (excluding directors) for the year ended 31 December 2020 were


and Senior Management
                                            within the following bands:

                                                                                                                                                         No. of senior
                                                                                                                                                         management




     Report of the Directors
                                            Less than HK$500,001 (Equivalent to US$64,001)                                                                            1
                                            HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000 (Equivalent to US$64,001 to US$128,000)                                                        0
                                            HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 (Equivalent to US$128,001 to US$191,000)                                                     7
                                            HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000 (Equivalent to US$191,001 to US$255,000)                                                     5
                                            HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000 (Equivalent to US$319,001 to US$383,000)                                                     1


                                            Total                                                                                                                    14



Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                     45




Management Discussion and Analysis

  Environmental Policies and Performance

  PRC
  Wind and Solar Projects

  In order to protect and continuously improve the living environment and ecological environment and to achieve energy
  conservation and ecological environmental protection, the Group, in accordance with the requirements of environment-
  related laws and regulations such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Water
  and Soil Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China, and in line with the instructions from President Xi Jinping on
  ecology, the Group attached great importance to the prevention and control of pollution of the ecological environment and
  conducts monthly inspections on potential environmental hazards. The Group has also had waste quota in place, controlled
  key pollutants and strictly implemented environmental and water protection measures for wind and solar projects, which are
  designed, constructed and put into use at the same time as the main projects. Through analysis, identification and screening
  on each level of major environmental elements of wind and solar projects, power farms and power stations, the Company had
  made the relevant requirements for environmental protection to mitigate possible adverse environmental impacts. Effective
  environmental protection plans and countermeasures are formulated for each of the Group’s regional wind and solar projects
  according to their nature, scale and location to ensure that all environmental protection work is carried out smoothly and that
  the supply of green energy is in harmony with the natural environment.

  Hydro Projects

  The hydro projects of the Group strictly comply with the environmental protection requirements of the local government.
  Being a renewable and clean energy resource, hydro projects almost discharge no pollutant. The requirements of the local
  government on hydro projects concern waste disposal, noise control, flow control and ecological protection.

  Our requirements on waste disposal are implemented according to GB8978-1996 standard, we have achieved grade
  one standard in waste disposal with all indices up to standard. In respect of our requirements on noise control, they are
  implemented according to GBZ/T189.8-2007 “Work Place Physical Agents Measurement, Part VIII: Noise（《工作場所物理因素
  測量第8部分︰噪音 》）”, GBZ2.2-2007 “Occupational Exposure Limits for Hazardous Agents in the Workplace, Part II：Physical
  Agents（《工作場所有害因素職業病接觸限制第2部分︰物理因素 》）” and Provision 20 of Order No.47 of State Administration
  of Work Safety, as well as the relevant requirements set out in the Laws on the Prevention and Control of Occupational
  Diseases（《職業病防治法 》）, all monitoring results are of the required standard, and there are no external complaints arising
  from noise emission. In respect of the flow control requirements for environmental protection, they are implemented according
  to the water resources distribution plan “One Station One Strategy” of local water authority. Real-time flow of ecological water
  going downstream was 15.6 cubic meters per second. There were no accidents caused by power generation flow change
  during the year ended 31 December 2020.

  Thermal Projects (coal-fired, oil-fired, gas-fired including cogen)

  The environmental protection systems and facilities of the Group’s coal-fired and gas-fired power projects complied with
  applicable national and local environmental protection regulations. Environmental management in all of the Company’s
  operating project companies met the relevant international standards and have been accredited with ISO14001 (environmental
  management system) certification. In addition, the Group’s coal-fired and gas-fired power projects have their own
  environmental protection office and staff responsible for monitoring and operating its environmental protection equipment.
  Other than the “Continuous Emission Monitoring system (CEMS)”, another “Remote Emissions Monitoring Systems (REMS)”
  are also equipped in all coal fired projects to continuously monitor power projects emissions at the relevant project companies.
  The Company has continued to invest substantially in energy saving and environmental upgrading facilities at the projects
  to comply with the regulations and emissions reduction. By the end of 2015, all de-sulfurization, de-nitration and particulate
  matter removal facilities have been installed and put into service as planned. By the end of 2017, the coal-fired power plants
  in operation (Nantong in Jiangsu and Huangshi in Hubei) have all completed the “Ultra low emission” technical improvement
  to further reduce the emission of NOx, SO2 as well as dust, and have been receiving the environmental tariff rebate from
  the Government. The Group is of the view that the Group is not in material breach of any applicable environmental laws or
  regulations for the year ended 31 December 2020.




                                                               Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                46




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement
                                            Air emissions of all existing thermal power plants in the PRC have met the more stringent latest national emissions regulation,
                                            which became effective on 1 January 2012. According to the PRC Air Pollution Prevention Law（《中華人民共和國大氣污
                                            染防治法 》）, a penalty of up to RMB1,000,000 is levied for non-compliance. The environmental laws and regulations also
                                            impose fines on enterprises which violate such laws, regulations or decrees and provide for other sanctions including the




     President’s Statement
                                            possible closure of any power projects which fail to rectify activities that cause environmental damage. For the year ended 31
                                            December 2020, the Company had not received any sanctions to cease operation or rectification to environmental damages.

                                            Korea
                                            The Group is committed to the establishment of good standards of environmental protection and management practices. The
                                            environmental policies and facilities of our power projects in Korea are in compliance with the applicable national and local
                                            environmental protection regulations in Korea. Our power projects in Korea have their own environmental protection offices




     Distribution of Projects
                                            and staffs responsible for monitoring and operating its environmental protection equipment. Environmental monitoring system
                                            required by the applicable national and local environmental protection regulations are equipped in our power projects in Korea.
                                            Environmental management in our operating project companies meet the relevant international standards and have been
                                            accredited with ISO14001 (environmental management system) certification.

                                            In addition, our power projects in Korea have passed the relevant supervisory inspections by the local government for air
                                            emission levels and environmental management. The Group is of the view that the Group is not in material breach of applicable
                                            environmental laws or regulations for the year ended 31 December 2020



  Financial and
                                            Major Customers and Suppliers


Operating Highlights
                                            Our primary customers are the electricity offtakers for our projects. Our primary suppliers are the fuel providers for our
                                            projects. Our largest customer is Korea Power Exchange (“KPX”) and our largest supplier is Korea Gas Corporation
                                            (“KOGAS”).

                                            KPX is a non-profit, neutral and independent organization in South Korea’s power industry. KPX ensures the reliability of



     Management
                                            power supply by coordinating the flow of electricity in all regions of South Korea. To secure future power reliability, KPX runs
                                            a sophisticated national planning process for generation and transmission expansion by active cooperation and coordination
                                            with the Korea government. KPX has become our largest customer since the combined cycle of Yulchon II Power Project
                                            commenced operations and we have maintained a business relationship with KPX since 2009.


Discussion and Analysis
                                            KOGAS is an independent third party supplier of gas for Yulchon I Power Project, Yulchon I Fuel Cell Projects and Yulchon
                                            II Power Project in Korea. KOGAS is a publicly listed company on the Korean Exchange that engages in the production and
                                            distribution of gas in Korea. KOGAS was incorporated by the Korean government in 1983 and is the sole wholesale supplier of
                                            natural gas in Korea.


Biographies of Directors                    Other Update on the Properties in the PRC with Title Defects
                                            Mianyang Sanjiang Meiya Hydropower Company Limited（綿陽三江美亞水電有限公司）has commenced construction work for
and Senior Management
                                            the main structure in April 2020 and is expecting to complete such construction work during the first half of 2021. The tender
                                            process for the second renovation is currently underway and the second renovation will commence upon completion of the
                                            construction work for the main structure.




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                              47




Management Discussion and Analysis

IV.   RISK FACTORS AND MANAGEMENT

      Risks Relating to the Industry
      Our power projects are located in the PRC and Korea, both of which have undergone, and may continue to undergo,
      regulatory changes. Governmental regulations affect all aspects of our power project operations, including the amount
      and timing of electricity generation, the setting of tariffs, compliance with power grid controls, dispatch directives and
      environmental protection. Regulatory changes in the PRC and Korea can affect, among other things, dispatch policies,
      clean and renewable energy and environmental compliance policies and tariffs, and may result in a change of tariff setting
      procedures or mandatory installation of costly equipment and technologies to reduce environmental pollutants.

      Further, the solar power projects are highly dependent on solar illumination conditions, and the wind power projects are
      dependent particularly on wind conditions. Extreme wind or weather conditions could lead to downtime of the wind power
      projects. Solar illumination conditions and wind conditions vary across seasons and locations, and could be unpredictable and
      are out of our control.


      Risk Relating to Fuel Cost
      The non-renewable energy power projects of the Group require supplies of coal, oil and gas as fuel. Fuel costs represent a
      significant portion of our operating expenses and the operating expenses of our associates. The extent to which our profit is
      ultimately affected by the cost of fuel depends on our ability to pass through fuel costs to our customers as set out under the
      relevant regulatory guidelines and the terms of our power purchase agreement for a particular project, as we currently do not
      take any measures to hedge our exposure to fuel price fluctuations. Our fuel costs are also affected by the volume of electricity
      generated because the coal consumption rate of coal-fired and cogen power projects decreases when we generate more
      electricity as a result of economies of scale. In the PRC, government tariff regulations limit our ability to pass through changes
      in fuel costs. In Korea, while our Yulchon I Power Project is able to pass through our exposure to fuel price fluctuations
      through fuel cost pass through provisions in the tariff formula, our Yulchon II Power Project and Daesan I Power Project receive
      payments based on the system marginal price, which is influenced by market demand and supply, and may not fully reflect
      the power plants’ respective fuel price fluctuations. Our diversified generation portfolio enables us to diversify the risks that we
      would face to utilize a single resource for electricity generation. In particular, our exposure to several fuel types mitigates risks
      such as price increases in or the availability of any particular fuel source.


      Interest Rate Risk
      We are exposed to interest rate risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates on our debt with floating interest rates based on
      market prevailing rates. We undertake debt obligations to support asset acquisition and general corporate purposes including
      capital expenditures and working capital needs. Certain amount of our indebtedness is calculated in accordance with floating
      interest rate or interest rate that are subject to adjustment by our lenders. We periodically review the ratio of debt with floating
      interest rates to debt with fixed rates, taking into account the potential impact on our profit, interest coverage and cash flows.


      Foreign Exchange Risk
      The functional currency of the Company is US dollars, and our reportable profit is affected by fluctuations in foreign currency
      exchange rates. We collect most of our revenue from our projects in Renminbi and Korean Won, some of which are converted
      into foreign currencies to (1) purchase foreign-made equipment and parts for repair and maintenance; (2) make investments
      in certain joint ventures or acquire interests from other companies; (3) pay out dividends to the shareholders of our project
      companies; and (4) repay our outstanding debt. By managing and monitoring the risks of foreign currency, we ensure that
      appropriate measures are adopted effectively in a timely manner.




                                                                     Annual Report 2020      /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                48




                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     V.     PROSPECTS
                                            In 2021, the Company will continue to enhance its core competitiveness, and promote the synergy effect in scale, quality,




     President’s Statement
                                            efficiency and effectiveness, such that quality and sustainable development can be achieved. It is expected that the increase in
                                            planned capacity of the Company during the period for the 14th Five-Year Plan would be higher than that during the period for
                                            the 13th Five-Year Plan.

                                            First, we are endeavored to carry out and consolidate sound lean management, while maintaining our core competitive
                                            advantage of lower cost of electricity:

                                            (i)     We will stick to a goal-oriented approach and strive to enhance the development and management of projects, with a




     Distribution of Projects
                                                    view to steadily increasing our market share and project success rate.

                                            (ii)    A stringent approach will be adopted for project procurement management to ensure our timely access to
                                                    adequate resources. For the purpose of ensuring our resources are available at any time, we aim to cut our average
                                                    procurement costs to an extent that are below the industry level and shorten our cycle of procurement.

                                            (iii)   Strict control is implemented over the construction cost and construction time of projects. We will aim to lower the
                                                    average construction cost of our wind power and photovoltaic projects to below the industry’s average and strictly


  Financial and
                                                    control the standard construction time of projects.

                                            (iv)    We will strictly control our finance cost and keep optimizing our asset structure and debt structure to ensure sound


Operating Highlights
                                                    financial position can be maintained.

                                            (v)     Through application of information technology and lean management, we will closely monitor the increase in head
                                                    count and solidify operation management, and in turn enhance operational efficiency of the Company.




     Management
                                            (vi)    By expediting the digitalization of operation, maintenance, inspection and repair as well as promoting smart operation
                                                    and maintenance, the relevant operation and maintenance costs can be monitored effectively.




Discussion and Analysis
                                            Second, we will innovate our technology and improve our layout in the industry with the hope that a new business
                                            development pattern driven by diversified source of growth can be developed:

                                            The Company’s innovation in technology will center around the improvement of the management of operation and
                                            maintenance of the existing power stations, tackling of the key technical problems faced by this new energy industry, and the


Biographies of Directors
                                            preparation for developing emerging cutting-edge technologies that will affect the long-term development of the Company.
                                            For example, the Company may leverage of digitisation and intelligence and start utilizing data assets from new energy power
                                            stations to enhance the intelligent management in areas of engineering and operation and maintenance; the Group may also
                                            introduce intelligent operation and maintenance systems to improve the efficiency of power generation and reduce costs on

and Senior Management
                                            operation and maintenance.

                                            Third, we will deepen our reform in all aspect and further enhance the Company’s corporate governance and management
                                            mechanism in order to revitalize the Company and unleash its potential:




     Report of the Directors
                                            With regard to the improvement on corporate governance, the Company will optimize the governance and control over the
                                            Company and its regional companies, and develop corporate governance and governance capability that are commensurate
                                            with a modern enterprise. With regard to the establishment of market-oriented operation mechanism, the Company will
                                            deepen the reform of the three systems, extend its effort on market-oriented employment and talent deployment, standardise
                                            the tenure for the management and implement contract-based management at managerial level, while further optimising the
                                            market-oriented mechanism for remuneration packages and striving to achieve a breakthrough in the mid- and long-term
                                            incentive mechanism.



Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             49




Management Discussion and Analysis

IMPACT OF THE OUTBREAK OF COVID-19
The policy of the new energy industry in 2020 basically continued the policy guidance of 2019, but the external environmental
uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic (the “Outbreak”) had enormous impacts on the strategic layout, project development,
project construction, production operation and maintenance of investment enterprises. Furthermore, subsidies for renewable energy
had further declined, placing higher requirements on project resource endowments and cost control. As affected by the Outbreak,
the landscape of electricity supply and demand has changed. Investment in new energy projects has shrunk significantly, and the
application of parity bidding projects has lagged. Faced with frequent changes in policies and more fierce competition, the Company
takes the initiative and comprehensive coordination with parity bidding as its core, continuously strengthens external cooperation with
strategic partners to break through the situation, and continuously strengthens its internal coordination. At present, the Outbreak in
the PRC has stabilized, but the Outbreak overseas has not been effectively controlled. The imported cases from abroad continue, and
putting more pressure on the prevention of imported cases. Although the Outbreak in the PRC is under control overall, it is expected
that the possibility of local Outbreak cannot be completely eliminated. It is likely that the novel coronavirus will co-exist with humans
for a long time, and measures to prevention and control the Outbreak will become normalized. If the domestic Outbreak situation
rebounds, it will to a certain extent, subject the Group to the following risks, by making it harder to develop new projects, slowing
down the progress of project construction, causing partial power loss, and disrupting the industrial chain.

The Group expects that new installed capacity will maintain a steady growth in the year 2021. The Group will continue to monitor the
overall impact of the Outbreak and control the relevant operational and financial risks. In order to limit the exposure to the Outbreak,
the Group will establish a public health safety mechanism to deal with a variety of epidemic diseases, maintain a sound “company-
region-site” three-level epidemic prevention and control and operation mechanism in the long run, and organize employees to receive
vaccinations in an orderly manner in order to build a strong line of defense against the Outbreak. In accordance with the normalized
Outbreak control measures, the Group will provide special funds to acquire and implement the use of epidemic prevention materials,
and adjust the office work model according to the actual impact of the Outbreak to ensure payments are made in a timely manner. In
addition, the Group will effectively increase the intensity of power marketing and reduce the power curtailment losses caused by the
Outbreak. At the same time, the Group continues to promote cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. Through the whole process
control of development, construction, production, operation and maintenance, the Group will conduct comprehensive assessment and
provide incentives for integrated responsibility, and track the expenditures on a monthly basis to ensure that the sufficient cost-control
work is in place.


EVENT OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
No important event or transaction affecting the Group has taken place after 31 December 2020.


POSSIBLE PRIVATISATION
On 28 February 2020, the Board was informed by CGN that it was considering a proposal in respect of using its wholly-owned
subsidiary, CGN Energy International, as the potential offeror, to privatise the Company by way of scheme of arrangement which
may result in the delisting of the Company (the “Possible Privatisation”). The Board was subsequently informed by CGN that it
has decided not to proceed further with the Possible Privatisation. For details regarding the Possible Privatisation, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated 2 March 2020 and 30 September 2020.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                  50


                                       Biographies of Directors and
                                       Senior Management
       Chairman’s Statement

                                       CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                       (1)    Mr. CHEN Sui（陳遂）




       President’s Statement
                                                                           Mr. CHEN Sui（陳遂）, aged 56, is the Chairman and a non-executive Director. Mr. Chen has been
                                                                           a Director and the Chairman since 3 January 2014. He was re-designated from a non-executive
                                                                           Director to an executive Director on 26 January 2015 and was further re-designated as a non-
                                                                           executive Director on 12 July 2016. He is principally responsible for overall corporate strategies
                                                                           planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Chen also serves as the chairman of
                                                                           the nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”). Currently, he is
                                                                           the chairman of CGN Wind Energy Limited（中廣核風電有限公司）(“CGN Wind Energy”). Mr.




       Distribution of Projects
                                                                           Chen serves as the non-employee representative supervisor of the supervisory committee and
                                                                           chairman of the supervisory committee of CGN Power Co., Ltd.（中國廣核電力股份有限公
                                                                           司）(a company listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”),
                                                                           Stock Code: 1816) (“CGN Power”) with effect from 24 May 2017, the assistant president of
                                                                           China General Nuclear Power Corporation（中國廣核集團有限公司）(“CGN”) with effect from 23
                                                                           January 2018, and the chairman of CGN Energy Service Co., Ltd.（中廣核節能產業發展公司）
                                              with effect from 30 March 2017. He has been the chairman of the trade union of CGN since 10 October 2018 and a director
                                              representing ordinary employees of CGN since 22 October 2018. Mr. Chen was the chairman of CGN Nuclear Technology
                                              Development Co., Ltd.（中廣核核技術發展股份有限公司）(a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Stock Code:
                                              000881) from 30 July 2018 to 8 October 2018. He resigned as a director of CGN Europe Energy Co., Ltd.（中廣核歐洲能
   Financial and
                                              源公司）on 16 April 2018. Mr. Chen has over 30 years of experience in strategic planning, renewable energy development,
                                              construction, operation management and energy conservation management. He has previously served as an assistant to the


 Operating Highlights
                                              head of infrastructure planning division of the planning department of CGN, deputy general manager and manager of new
                                              energy development department of CGN Energy Development Co., Ltd.（中廣核能源開發有限責任公司）, general manager
                                              of CGN Wind Energy. Prior to joining CGN, Mr. Chen worked as project manager and department manager of the business
                                              enterprise department of China Energy Conservation Investment Corporation（中國節能投資公司）, general manager of Beijing
                                              Guotou Energy Conservation Company（北京國投節能公司）under China Energy Conservation Investment Corporation. Mr.
                                              Chen received the qualification of Senior Engineer from the Senior Specialized Technical Services Qualification Committee for

      Management
                                              China Energy Conservation Investment Corporation（中國節能投資公司高級專業技術職務評審委員會）in December 2000.
                                              Mr. Chen obtained a Bachelor Degree in Engineering with a concentration in liquid rocket engine from National University of
                                              Defense Technology（國防科學技術大學）in July 1987 and a Master Degree in Management Engineering from Shanghai Jiao
                                              Tong University（上海交通大學）in November 1996.
 Discussion and Analysis
                                       PRESIDENT AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                              Mr. LI Yilun（李亦倫）

Biographies of Directors
                                       (2)

                                              Mr. LI Yilun（李亦倫）, aged 48, the President and an executive Director. Mr. Li joined the



and Senior Management
                                              Company in January 2015 and served as the senior vice president. He is also currently serving as
                                              a member of Party Standing Committee of CGN, and an executive director and general manager
                                              of CGN Wind Energy. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Li held several positions in Inner Mongolia
                                              Wind Power Corporation（內蒙古風電公司）from July 1997 to June 2006, including operation
                                              inspector, supervisor and deputy head of infrastructure department, and head of production and
                                              technical department, as well as plant manager of wind power plant in Huitengxile（輝騰錫勒風電
                                              廠）. He was the deputy director of Huanghai Wind Power Preparatory Office of Suzhou Nuclear



       Report of the Directors
                                              Power Research Institute（蘇州熱工研究院有限公司）from June 2006 to April 2007. From April
                                              2007 to March 2012, he served several positions in CGN Wind Power Company Limited（中廣
                                              核風力發電有限公司） (“CGN Wind Power”) including deputy general manager of the Eastern
                                              China Branch, acting general manager of Jilin Branch, general manager of the Northeast China
                                              Branch and the assistant to the general manager of CGN Wind Power. Since March 2012, Mr. Li
                                              has been working in CGN Wind Energy. He was the deputy general manager from March 2012 to January 2015 and he was
                                              the deputy secretary to the Communist Party Committee from January 2015 to January 2018, and he has been the general
                                              manager since January 2015. Mr. Li obtained a Bachelor Degree in Engineering majoring in Power System and Automation

 Corporate Governance
                                              from China Agricultural University（中國農業大學）in July 1997, and a Master Degree in Engineering majoring in Safety
                                              Technology and Engineering from Chinese University of Mining and Technology（中國礦業大學）in August 2005. Mr. Li holds
                                              profession qualification as a senior engineer in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

        Report




                                       CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                          51


Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
(3)   Mr. ZHANG Zhiwu（張志武先生）

                                    Mr. ZHANG Zhiwu（張志武）, aged 51, was appointed as an executive Director on 22 January
                                    2020. Currently, he is the director of CGN Wind Energy. Mr. Zhang joined the Company as a
                                    senior vice president in December 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhang worked in the
                                    Salary and Welfare Department of the Ministry of Personnel from June 1995 to October 1998. He
                                    has successively served as a cadre member of the General Office and the deputy principal staff
                                    member of the Allowance Office. He took a temporary post and received training in the Economic
                                    and Trade Commission of Daxing County, Beijing（北京市大興縣經貿委）from May 1997 to May
                                    1998; Mr. Zhang served as the deputy principal staff member of the General Welfare Office of
                                    the Salary, Welfare and Retirement Department of the Ministry of Personnel（人事部工資福利與
                                    離退休司綜合福利處）from October 1998 to November 1999, and served as the principal staff
                                    member of the fourth division of enterprise department of the Enterprise Leaders Administrative
                                    Bureau (Department of Personnel) of the Ministry of Personnel（人事部企業領導人員管理局（人
      事司）企業四處）from November 1999 to December 1999. He served as a section-level cadre member of the fourth division,
      the institution human resource division, and the third division of the State-owned Enterprises Working Committee Organization
      Department（中央企業工委組織部）from December 1999 to June 2003. From June 2003 to November 2010, Mr. Zhang
      worked in the second bureau of the Enterprise Leaders Administrative Bureau of the State-owned Assets Supervision and
      Administration Commission of the State Council（國務院國有資產監督管理委員會企業領導人員管理二局）, and successively
      served as the principal staff member of the sixth division, and positions such as assistant investigator, associate investigator,
      and investigator of the sixth division. He took a temporary post and received training in FAW Group Corporation（中國第一汽
      車集團公司）from October 2005 to October 2006. From November 2010 to January 2012, Mr. Zhang served as the deputy
      general manager of the human resources department of China Guangdong Nuclear Power Holding Co., Ltd.（中國廣東核電
      集團有限公司）, and was responsible for chairing. From January 2012 to December 2019, Mr. Zhang served as the director
      of the department of party affairs (renamed as the party team working division from January 2017 to June 2018) of China
      Guangdong Nuclear Power Holding Co., Ltd. (renamed as China General Nuclear Power Corporation（中國廣核集團有限公
      司）in April 2013). From March 2012 to December 2019, he served as the direct deputy secretary of the Party Committee of
      CGN. Mr. Zhang graduated with a Bachelor Degree in industrial engineering management from the University of Science and
      Technology Beijing（北京科技大學）in June 1992, a Master Degree in labor economics from the Beijing University of Economics
      （北京經濟學院）in June 1995, and a Doctorate Degree in national economics from the Guanghua School of Management,
      Peking University（北京大學光華管理學院）in July 2000.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
(4)   Mr. XIA Linquan（夏林泉）

      Mr. XIA Linquan（夏林泉）, aged 59, was appointed as a non-executive Director, the chairman
      of the investment and risk management committee of the Company (the “IRM Committee”), a
      member of the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) and a member of the
      remuneration committee of the Company (“Remuneration Committee”) on 24 March 2021. Mr.
      Xia has been a director of CGN Nuclear Power Operations and Management Co., Ltd.（中廣核核
      電運營有限公司）since January 2021. Mr. Xia is a senior political work specialist（高級政工師）and
      has over 36 years of experience in the management of power companies, development of nuclear
      power plants and their construction. From September 1984 to October 1992, Mr. Xia worked for
      Guangdong Nuclear Power Services Corporation（廣東核電服務總公司）and Guangdong Nuclear
      Power Joint Venture Co., Ltd.（廣東核電合營有限公司）, respectively. In October 1992, Mr. Xia
      joined Lingao Nuclear Power Co., Ltd.（嶺澳核電有限公司）and served for 11 years until January
      2003, during which he held various positions and his last role held was the secretary to the
      disciplinary commission of the engineering department. From January 2003 to January 2008, Mr. Xia worked for Guangdong
      Nuclear Power Joint Venture Co., Ltd.（廣東核電合營有限公司）, Daya Bay Nuclear Power Operations and Management
      Co., Ltd.（大亞灣核電運營管理有限責任公司）and China Nuclear Power Design Co., Ltd. (Shenzhen)（深圳中廣核工程設計
      有限公司）. From January 2008 to July 2015, Mr. Xia was the deputy general manager of China Nuclear Power Engineering
      Co., Ltd.（中廣核工程有限公司）. Subsequently, he was the Secretary of the Party Committee and general manager of CGN
      Cangnan Nuclear Power Co., Ltd.（中廣核蒼南核電有限公司）until January 2021. Mr. Xia graduated from Nanjing Institute of
      Technology（南京工學院）with a degree in Power Systems and Automatic Chemistry（電力系統及其自動化學系）in July 1983.
      He then obtained a postgraduate degree in Industrial Engineering（工程研究生學位）from Huazhong University of Science and
      Technology in June 2006.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                  52


                                       Biographies of Directors and
                                       Senior Management
       Chairman’s Statement

                                       INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                       (5)    Mr. WANG Minhao（王民浩）




       President’s Statement
                                                                           Mr. WANG Minhao（王民浩）, aged 62, has been an independent non-executive Director since 26
                                                                           June 2018. Mr. Wang also serves as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member
                                                                           of the Nomination Committee. He participated in the design of the Longyangxia and Daxia
                                                                           Hydropower Stations and served as the vice president of Northwest Engineering Corporation（西
                                                                           北勘測設計院）in 1993. He was the deputy general manager of China Hydropower Engineering
                                                                           Consulting Group Co.（中國水電顧問集團公司）, and the deputy general manager of China Water
                                                                           Conservancy & Hydropower Consulting Co., Ltd.（中國水利水電工程諮詢有限公司）from March
                                                                           2000 to September 2011. Mr. Wang graduated from Xi’an University of Technology（西安理工大



       Distribution of Projects
                                                                           學）(formerly known as Shaanxi Institute of Mechanical Engineering（陝西機械學院）) of Hydraulic
                                                                           Engineering and obtain a Master Degree in Engineering from Xi’an University of Technology（西
                                                                           安理工大學）in April 2003. He was a registered structural engineer. Mr. Wang was retired on 25
                                                                           February 2019 and ceased to act as deputy general manager and a member of Party Standing
                                              Committee of Power Construction Corporation of China（中國電力建設集團（股份）有限公司）in March 2019; ceased to act as
                                              the chairman and the legal representative of the Powerchina Water Environment Governance Co., Ltd（中電建水環境治理技術
                                              有限公司）on 16 May 2019.


   Financial and
                                       (6)    Mr. YANG Xiaosheng（楊校生）

                                              Mr. YANG Xiaosheng（楊校生）, aged 68, has been an independent non-executive Director since

 Operating Highlights
                                              26 June 2018. Mr. Yang also serves as a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
                                              Committee, the Nomination Committee and the IRM Committee. Mr. Yang is currently the
                                              president of Chinese Wind Energy Equipment Association（中國農業機械協會風電設備分會）.
                                              He is currently an independent non-executive director of Shandong Laiwu Jinlei Wind Power
                                              Technology Co., Ltd.（山東萊蕪金雷風電科技股份有限公司）(a company listed on the Shenzhen


      Management
                                              Stock Exchange, Stock Code: 300443). Mr. Yang resigned as an independent non-executive
                                              director of Titan Wind Energy (Suzhou) Co,. Ltd.（天順風能（蘇州）股份有限公司）(a company
                                              listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Stock Code: 002531), Xinjiang Goldwind Science &
                                              Technology Co., Ltd.（新疆金風科技股份有限公司）(a company listed on the Stock Exchange,

 Discussion and Analysis
                                              Stock Code: 2208) in May and June 2019 respectively. He has previously served as a deputy
                                              director of the energy and electricity generation sub-department of the Ministry of Energy（能源部
                                              農電司新能源發電處）, a deputy general manager and chief engineer of China Fulin Windpower
                                              Development Corp.（中國福霖風能開發公司）and a chief engineer of Longyuan Power Group Limited（龍源電力集團公司）
                                              from May 1988 to January 2007. From June 2007 to April 2012, he served several positions in China Longyuan Power Group
                                              Corporation Limited（龍源電力集團股份有限公司）including the chief engineer, manager of the development department,

Biographies of Directors
                                              technical development department and safety production department, a director of preparatory office of wind energy research
                                              centre, technical information department, renewable energy research and development centre and Jiangsu Longyuan Offshore
                                              Wind Power Project. He also served as a committee member of the Beijing Direct Committee of the Chinese Community Party


and Senior Management
                                              Longyuan Power Group Company（中共龍源電力集團公司）from July 2006 to December 2010. Mr. Yang was the general
                                              manager of the Suzhou Longyuan Bailu Wind Power Vocational Technology Training Center Co., Ltd.（蘇州龍源白鷺風電職業
                                              技術培訓中心有限公司）from July 2007 to April 2012. Mr. Yang graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic University（武漢工學院）of
                                              Electronic Engineering in January 1982 and obtained a Postgraduate Degree in Electricity from China Agricultural University（北
                                              京農業工程大學）in October 1986.




       Report of the Directors




 Corporate Governance




        Report




                                       CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.      /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                           53


Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

(7)    Mr. LEUNG Chi Ching Frederick（梁子正）

                                    Mr. LEUNG Chi Ching Frederick（梁子正）, aged 62, has been an independent non-executive
                                    Director since 17 September 2014. Mr. Leung also serves as the chairman of the Audit
                                    Committee and appointed as a member of IRM Committee on 22 January 2020. Mr. Leung has
                                    over 30 years of professional and industrial experience in management, corporate governance,
                                    corporate finance, banking and accounting. Mr. Leung was appointed as an independent non-
                                    executive director and a member of the audit committee and nomination committee of China
                                    Logistics Property Holdings Co., Ltd (a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code:
                                    1589) on 14 June 2016. He was previously an executive director, chief finance officer and
                                    company secretary of Skyworth Digital Holdings Limited (“Skyworth”) (a company listed on
                                    the Stock Exchange, Stock Code: 751). In his almost nine years of services in Skyworth, he
                                    was mainly responsible for the company’s successful resumption of trading of its shares and
                                    strengthening of its internal controls, accounting system, corporate governance and investor
                                    relations management. In 2011 and 2013, Skyworth was awarded by Asia Money as the Best
                                    Managed Medium Cap Company in China of 2011 and by Forbes as Asia’s Fabulous 50 of 2013,
       respectively. Furthermore, Mr. Leung accumulated 14 years’ working experience in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. He left Deloitte
       Touche Tohmatsu in June 1999 as a principal of corporate finance. Mr. Leung obtained a Bachelor Degree of Science in
       Business Administration (major in Accounting) from the University of The East in the Philippines in November 1981. He became
       an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in April 1997 and has been its fellow member
       since October 2013. Also, he has been a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants since December
       1996. He has been a member of the Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute since April 1999 and has been its fellow
       member since November 2015. In addition, he has been a founding member of the Hong Kong Independent Non-Executive
       Director Association since November 2015.

       Mr. Leung was previously a non-executive director of Richly Field China Development Limited (“Richly Field”) (a company
       listed on the Stock Exchange, Stock Code: 313), which was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and continued in Bermuda
       with limited liability. He joined Richly Field as an independent non-executive director on 2 May 2003 and was appointed as
       an executive director on 3 March 2004. He was re-designated as a non-executive director on 1 May 2005 and he resigned
       from the directorship on 4 March 2006. Since his resignation as a non-executive director of Richly Field on 4 March 2006, Mr.
       Leung has no involvement in any matters relating to Richly Field. During Mr. Leung’s tenure of directorship with Richly Field,
       Richly Field and its then subsidiaries were engaged in the building construction and maintenance industry including building
       work, design and construction and building maintenance in Hong Kong. As disclosed in the public announcements made by
       Richly Field, a winding up petition was served on it on 30 June 2006 by a public accounting firm for an unpaid service fee of
       approximately HK$593,000. On 18 December 2006, the winding up petition for Richly Field was heard in the High Court of
       Hong Kong and winding up order was made against Richly Field. On 29 May 2007, the High Court of Hong Kong made an
       order to appoint joint and several liquidators and committee of inspection of Richly Field. The winding up order against Richly
       Field was permanently stayed effective on 23 July 2008 and the joint and several liquidators were discharged with effect from
       23 July 2008.


GENERAL
Save as disclosed above,

(1)    the Directors did not hold any directorship in other listed public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities
       market in Hong Kong or overseas in the last three years prior to the date of this report and do not hold any other positions
       with the Company or other members of the Group; and

(2)    the Directors do not have other relationship with any other Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling
       shareholder of the Company.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                  54


                                       Biographies of Directors and
                                       Senior Management
       Chairman’s Statement

                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                       (1)    Mr. LI Yilun（李亦倫）




       President’s Statement
                                              Mr. LI Yilun（李亦倫）is the President of the Company. See “President and Executive Director” in this report for details of Mr.
                                              Li’s biography.

                                       (2)    Mr. ZHANG Zhiwu（張志武）

                                              Mr. ZHANG Zhiwu（張志武）is a senior vice president of the Company. See “Executive Director” in this report for details of Mr.
                                              Zhang’s biography.




       Distribution of Projects
                                       (3)    Mr. LI Jing（李靖）

                                              Mr. LI Jing（李靖）, aged 55, is currently the Deputy General Manager of the Company. Mr. Li joined the Company in January
                                              2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Li served in the design division of nitrogenous fertiliser factory of Nanning Chemical
                                              Industry Co., Ltd.（南化公司氮肥廠）from July 1987 to February 1992; manager office of the engineering department of Lingao
                                              Nuclear Power Co., Ltd. from February 1992 to June 1994; the production department of Guangdong Nuclear Power Joint
                                              Venture Co., Ltd. from July 1994 to March 2003; and the maintenance department of Daya Bay Nuclear Power Operations


   Financial and
                                              and Management Co., Ltd from March 2003 to August 2004. From September 2004 to May 2010, he held several positions
                                              in the commissioning department of China Nuclear Power Engineering Co., Ltd., including the head of commissioning
                                              division for nuclear islands, manager assistant and head of commissioning division for nuclear islands, manager assistant


 Operating Highlights
                                              and director of the commissioning manager office. From May 2010 to June 2011, he was the deputy general manager of
                                              safety and engineering management department and from June 2011 to May 2014, he was the deputy general manager and
                                              general manager of safety and information management department of CGN. Mr. Li served as deputy general manager of
                                              safety and quality assurance department of CGN from January 2013 to January 2015, and concurrently as deputy general
                                              manager of safety and quality assurance department of CGN Power since May 2014. From January 2015 to January 2016,


      Management
                                              Mr. Li served as chief safety officer of CGN Meiya Power Holdings Co., Limited. From January 2016 to January 2018, he
                                              served as the chief safety officer of the Company. Mr. Li served as the member of the party committee and deputy general
                                              manager of the Company from January 2018, and served as the member of the Party Committee of CGN Wind Energy from
                                              November 2019. Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering majoring in chemical engineering from Nanjing College of

 Discussion and Analysis
                                              Chemical Engineering（南京化工學院）in July 1987, and a Master Degree in Engineering majoring in industrial engineering from
                                              Huazhong University of Science and Technology（華中科技大學）in February 2001. Mr. Li holds professional qualification as a
                                              senior engineer.

                                              Mr. LIU Luping（劉路平）

Biographies of Directors
                                       (4)

                                              Mr. LIU Luping（劉路平）, aged 57, is currently the Deputy General Manager of the Company. Mr. Liu joined the Company



and Senior Management
                                              in January 2014 and served as the senior vice president and the chief engineer of the Company. Currently, he is principally
                                              responsible for the works in the department of conventional energy management, national solar thermal research &
                                              development center, design management and technology and economy department technology committee of the Company.
                                              He is also in charge of certain regional branches of the Company. Mr. Liu has over 36 years of experience in technological
                                              research and design, construction management and investment management in the renewable energy sectors including
                                              hydraulic-and-hydro power, wind power, solar energy. Prior to that, Mr. Liu worked at Hydrochina Corporation Zhongnan




       Report of the Directors
                                              Engineering Corporation（中國水電顧問集團中南勘測設計研究院）over 29 years, where he started as a Technician in July
                                              1984 and his last role held was vice director. Mr. Liu obtained the Senior Engineer（高級工程師）qualification from Zhongnan
                                              Engineering Corporation of the Ministry of Electric Industry of the PRC（中國電力工業部中南勘測設計研究院）in December
                                              1994 and the Senior Economist（高級經濟師）qualification from Zhongnan Engineering Corporation（國家電力公司中南勘測設
                                              計研究院）in December 1998, the State Registered Supervision Engineer（國家註冊監理工程師）qualification from the Ministry
                                              of Personnel and the Ministry of Construction of the PRC（中華人民共和國人事部和建設部）in May 1998, the Professor Level
                                              Senior Engineer（教授級高級工程師）qualification from Hydrochina Corporation（中國水電工程顧問集團公司）in December
                                              2003 and the Senior Project Manager（高級項目管理師）qualification from Occupational Skills Testing Authority of the Ministry
                                              of Labour and Social Security（勞動和社會保障部職業技能鑒定中心）in July 2006. He has also won several Provincial Science
 Corporate Governance
                                              and Technology Progress Awards（省部級科技進步獎）. Mr. Liu obtained a Bachelor Degree in Solid Mechanics from Central
                                              Institute of Technology（華中工學院）(currently known as Huazhong University of Science and Technology（華中科技大學）) in


        Report
                                              July 1984 and an EMBA Degree from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in December 2008.




                                       CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                     55


Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

(5)   Mr. LIU Chao（劉超）

      Mr. LIU Chao（劉超）, aged 44, was appointed as the chief accountant of the Company in January 2018. He joined the
      Company in August 2016 and served as the general manager of finance department. Mr. Liu is currently serving as the chief
      accountant of CGN Wind Energy. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Liu was the cost accountant of finance department of
      Xuzhou Wei Yang Food Co., Ltd.（徐州維揚食品有限公司）from July 1998 to August 2000. From May 2003 to August 2005,
      Mr. Liu served as the project manager of the audit department of Shinewing Certified Public Accountants（信永中和會計師事
      務所）. From September 2005 to March 2010, Mr. Liu was the manager of the finance and audit department of China United
      Tally Co., Ltd.（中聯理貨有限公司）. From March 2010 to April 2012, he was the deputy general manager of the finance
      department of China Wind Power Group Limited（中國風電集團有限公司）. Mr. Liu served as deputy manager and general
      manager of the finance department of CGN Wind Energy from May 2012 to June 2015, and he has been the chief accountant
      since June 2015. Mr. Liu obtained a Bachelor Degree in Economic majoring in Business Administration from Anhui University of
      Science and Technology（安徽理工大學）in June 1998, and a Master Degree in Economic majoring in Economics and Finance
      from Beijing Information Science and Technology University（北京信息科技大學）in May 2003. Mr. Liu holds professional
      qualifications as Certified Public Accountant in the PRC, and he is a member of the Association of Chartered Certified
      Accountants (ACCA).

(6)   Mr. JIANG Xicheng（蔣鍚成）

      Mr. JIANG Xicheng（蔣錫成）, aged 57, joined the Company in January 2016, and is currently the secretary to the discipline
      inspection commission of the Company. Mr. Jiang served at the No. 5 Sub-factory of the China Nuclear Industry 404 Plant
      from September 1982 to April 1984; worked at the Public Security Bureau of Gansu Mining Area（甘肅礦區）from April 1984 to
      November 1991, and later at the Daya Bay Branch of the Shenzhen Public Security Bureau from November 1991 to December
      2007. He successively held various positions including the head of disciplinary inspection office under the party work
      department, the assistant manager of the legal and audit inspection department and the deputy manager of the inspection and
      audit department of China Nuclear Power Engineering Co., Ltd.（中廣核工程有限公司）from December 2007 to July 2015, and
      worked as the deputy secretary to the disciplinary commission of CGN Wind Energy from October 2015 to December 2015.
      Mr. Jiang graduated from Gansu Radio and TV University（甘肅廣播電視大學）and obtained the Diploma in Law in July 1991,
      and graduated from Xi’an Political College with a Bachelor’s Degree in Law in July 2003.

(7)   Mr. ZHANG Chaoqun（張超群）

      Mr. ZHANG Chaoqun（張超群）, aged 53, is currently the Deputy General Manager of the Company, and served as the general
      manager of the merger and acquisition department of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhang has worked for
      Henan Xinyang Pingqiao Power Station（河南信陽平橋電廠）and Henan Xinyang Huayu Power Station（河南信陽華豫電廠）
      from September 1989 to January 1997. He has worked for Datang Xinyang Huayu Power Generation Co., Ltd.（大唐信陽華
      豫發電有限責任公司）from January 1997 to April 2007, and served successively as manager and assistant general manager
      of integrated management department and manager of Engineering Department. From April 2007 to January 2012, he has
      successively worked at the initial business planning division of the planning department and the new projects development
      division of central region at China Nuclear Power Engineering Co., Ltd.（中廣核工程有限公司）and served as project manager
      of central China. From February 2012 to August 2016, he worked for the Southwest Branch of CGN Wind Energy, and served
      successively as deputy general manager and general manager. From March 2014 to August 2016, he was also the general
      manager of the Sichuan Branch (the “Sichuan Branch”) of CGN Wind Energy. Mr. Zhang was appointed as the general
      manager of the Yunnan Branch of the Company from August 2016 to December 2017. From August 2016 to March 2017, he
      also served as the general manager of Sichuan Branch. Mr. Zhang obtained a Bachelor of Engineering of Commercial and Civil
      Building from Zhengzhou University (formerly known as Zhengzhou University of Technology) in 1989.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020    /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                  56


                                       Biographies of Directors and
                                       Senior Management
       Chairman’s Statement
                                       (8)    Mr. ZHANG Jianzhong（章建忠）

                                              Mr. ZHANG Jianzhong（章建忠）, aged 58, joined the Company in August 2016 and is currently the deputy general manager
                                              of the Company as well as the person-in-charge of Engineering Department of CGN Wind Power and CGN New Energy
                                              Investment (Shenzhen) Company Limited（中廣核新能源投資（深圳）有限公司）, mainly in charge of the commercial contracts



       President’s Statement
                                              department and legal department. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhang successively served as assistant engineer of
                                              Lisheng Machinery Factory, assistant engineer of Industrial Design Institute, engineer of the Fifth Design Institute of Weapon
                                              Industry Ministry, and senior engineer of Industrial Design Institute in Ministry of National Defense of Jiangxi Province during
                                              the period of August 1982 to December 1993. He served as assistant president in Shenzhen (HK) Super Advance Group（深
                                              圳（香港）超順集團）from December 1993 to December 1995, and served as manager of Beijing Guotou Energy Conservation
                                              Company（北京國投節能公司）from December 1995 to February 1996. Mr. Zhang served as deputy general manager of Beijing
                                              Xingye Industrial Co. Ltd.（北京興業實業股份公司）from February 1996 to March 1999, and served as department manager




       Distribution of Projects
                                              of Beijing Guotou Energy Conservation Company（北京國投節能公司）from March 1999 to July 1999, and deputy general
                                              manager of Beijing Hualixing Sci-tech Development Co., Ltd.（北京華力興科技發展有限責任公司）from July 1999 to March
                                              2008. Mr. Zhang joined CGN Wind Power on 17 March 2008 and served several positions, including assistant manager and
                                              deputy manager of engineering department from March 2008 to February 2010, general manager of commercial contracts
                                              department from February 2010 to March 2012, manager of commercial contracts department of CGN Wind Energy from
                                              March 2012 to January 2013. He served as general manager of engineering projects department of CGN Wind Energy from
                                              February 2013 to June 2015 and served as deputy general manager of CGN Wind Energy from June 2015 to January 2018 as
                                              well as general manager of the construction center of CGN Wind Energy from June 2015 to August 2016. He was in charge of


   Financial and
                                              the engineering projects department of the Company from August 2016 to April 2019. Mr. Zhang obtained a Bachelor Degree
                                              of internal combustion engines from Jiangxi University of Science（江西工學院）and Technology in July 1982 and a Master
                                              Degree of Business Administration from the University of International Business and Economics（對外經濟貿易大學）in June

 Operating Highlights
                                              2005.

                                       (9)    Mr. LI Guangming（李光明）

                                              Mr. LI Guangming（李光明）, aged 44, is the deputy general manager of the Company. Mr. Li joined the Company in August
                                              2016. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Li was the project manager of the substation branch（變電分公司）of Jilin Power

      Management
                                              Transmission and Transformation Engineering Company（吉林省送變電工程公司）from July 2000 to January 2010, he served
                                              as the assistant to the general manager in general manager office of the northeast branch of CGN Wind Power from January


 Discussion and Analysis
                                              2010 to May 2012. From May 2012 to February 2013, Mr. Li was an assistant to the general manager in general manager
                                              office of the Jilin branch（吉林分公司）of CGN Wind Power, and acted as the deputy regional engineering director (Greater
                                              Northern China Region)（工程區域副總監（大華北區）) of engineering department of CGN Wind Power from February 2013 to
                                              January 2014. From January 2014 to February 2015, he was the regional engineering director (Northern China Region)（工程
                                              區域總監（華北區）) of engineering department of CGN Wind Power, the deputy general manager (presiding over the work) of


Biographies of Directors
                                              the Northern China Branch of CGN Wind Power and the regional director for Northern China of the engineering department
                                              of CGN Wind Power from March 2015 to August 2016, the general manager of the Shanxi Branch（山西分公司）and Hebei
                                              Branch（河北分公司）of CGN New Energy Investment (Shenzhen) Company Limited（中廣核新能源投資（深圳）有限公司）from
                                              August 2016 to October 2016, the general manager of Shanxi Branch（山西分公司）and Hebei Branch（河北分公司）of CGN

and Senior Management
                                              New Energy Investment (Shenzhen) Company Limited and its regional director for Northern China from August 2016 to June
                                              2018. Mr. Li was the deputy general manager of Engineering Department of the Company from June 2018 to May 2019. He
                                              was the Party Branch Secretary（黨支部書記）and General Manager of the Engineering Department of the Company. Mr. Li
                                              obtained his bachelor’s degree from Sichuan University in 2000.




       Report of the Directors




 Corporate Governance




        Report




                                       CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        57


Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

(10)   Mr. ZHENG Haiming（鄭海明）

       Mr. ZHENG Haiming（鄭海明）, aged 45, is the deputy general manager of the Company. Mr. Zheng joined the Company
       in February 2011. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zheng was a technician, shift leader, engineer and deputy officer of
       Yuanbaoshan Power Plant（元寶山電廠）from July 1996 to June 2005. From May 2005 to April 2009, he was the director and
       director of marketing and development department of the Inner Mongolia Branch（內蒙古分公司）of State Grid XinYuan Co. Ltd.
       （國網新源有限公司）, he served as the chief engineer of the State Wind and Light Storage Demonstration Project（國家風光
       儲示範工程）of State Grid Xinyuan Holdings Co. Ltd.（國網新源控股有限公司）from April 2009 to February 2011, the deputy
       general manager and general manager of Liaoning Branch（遼寧分公司）of CGN Wind Energy from February 2011 to August
       2013, the general manager of Inner Mongolia Branch of the Company from August 2013; and was appointed as the deputy
       general manager of the Company since December 2020. Mr. Zheng obtained a bachelor’s degree of electrical engineering and
       automation from Northeast Electric Power University in July 1996, and received the qualification of senior engineer. Mr. Zheng
       has experience in production and operating of new energy and company management.

(11)   Mr. LU Hao（鹿浩）

       Mr. LU Hao（鹿浩）, aged 57, is the chief engineer of the Company. Mr. Lu joined the Company in September 2020. Prior to
       joining the Company, Mr. Lu was an engineer of Inner Mongolia Electric Power Survey and Design Institute（內蒙古電力勘測
       設計院）from July 1987 to November 1995, the deputy director and director of the engineering department of Inner Mongolia
       Wind Power Generation Company（內蒙古風力發電公司）from December 1995 to November 2000, the project manager
       of Inner Mongolia Ultra High Voltage Power Supply Bureau（內蒙古超高壓供電局）from December 2000 to June 2001, the
       deputy manager of the international branch（國際分公司）of Beijing Guodian North China Power Engineering Co. Ltd.（北
       京國電華北電力工程有限公司）from July 2001 to September 2004, the general manager of Inner Mongolia Jingneng Wind
       Power Company Limited（內蒙古京能風電有限公司）, a subsidiary of Beijing Energy Investment Limited（北京能源投資集團
       公司）from September 2004 to August 2006, the director of CGN Energy Development Co., Ltd.（中廣核能源開發有限責任
       公司）from August 2006 to April 2007, the assistant to the general manager in general manager office of CGN Wind Power
       from April 2007 to May 2013, the assistant (rank 12th) to the general manager in general manager office of CGN Wind Power
       from May 2013 to June 2015, the member of the party committee and secretary (rank 12th) of the disciplinary committee of
       the general manager office of CGN Solar Energy Development Co., Ltd. from June 2015 to December 2016, the provisional
       member of the party committee and secretary of the disciplinary committee of the general manager office of CGN Nuclear
       Technology Application Co., Ltd from December 2016 to February 2017, the member of the party committee and secretary
       of the disciplinary committee of the general manager office of CGN Nuclear Technology Development Co., Ltd. from February
       2017 to September 2020. Mr. Lu obtained his bachelor’s degree from Wuhan University of Hydraulic and Electrical Engineering
       in 1987.

(12)   Mr. CHEN Shengli（陳勝利）

       Mr. CHEN Shengli（陳勝利）, aged 48, is currently the assistant general manager, the general manager of human resources
       department, and the secretary of the party branch of the Company, mainly in charge of the human resources department
       of the Company. Mr. Chen joined the Company in September 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Chen worked in
       Guangdong Nuclear Power Joint Venture Co., Ltd.（廣東核電合營有限公司）from July 1992 to March 2004, and worked
       in Daya Bay Nuclear Power Operations and Management Co., Ltd.（大亞灣核電運營管理有限公司）from March 2004 to
       November 2006. From November 2006 to December 2014, he served serval positions in China Nuclear Power Engineering
       Co., Ltd.（中廣核工程有限公司）, including director and deputy director (in charge of overall operation) of human resources
       department/policy and planning department, director of department of party affairs/organization division, director of human
       resources and logistic support department/organisation and staff development, assistant manager of human resources
       department and director of organization and staff development department, and deputy manager of human resources
       department. Mr. Chen served as deputy general manager and deputy general engineer of CGN Huizhou Nuclear Power Co., Ltd
       （中廣核惠州核電有限公司）from December 2014 to November 2016, and served as general manager and director of CGN
       Yangxi Nuclear Power Co., Ltd（中廣核陽西核電有限公司）from December 2016 to September 2017. Mr. Chen obtained a
       Bachelor Degree of Administration from Sun Yat-Sen University in December 2003.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                  58


                                       Biographies of Directors and
                                       Senior Management
       Chairman’s Statement
                                       (13)   Mr. LONG Yingbin（龍應斌）

                                              Mr. LONG Yingbin（龍應斌）, aged 50, is currently the assistant general manager of the Company. Mr. Long joined the
                                              Company in November 2018. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Long was a student and monitor of satellite communication
                                              major of Communication Engineering Department of the PLA Information Engineering University（解放軍信息工程大學）from



       President’s Statement
                                              September 1989 to July 1993. He was a post-graduate student and deputy monitor of master of military informatics major
                                              of Information Science Department of the PLA Information Engineering University（解放軍信息工程大學）from July 1993
                                              to January 1996. He served as assistant engineer of science and technology equipment department, staff officer of the
                                              headquarter training, and engineer in Unit 61785 of the General Staff Department（總參61785部隊）from January 1996 to
                                              September 2003. From September 2003 to December 2008, he served as deputy director of general office, principal staff
                                              member, member of party branch organization committee and youth committee, secretary of league branch, and member
                                              of the first official league committee in the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State




       Distribution of Projects
                                              Council（國務院國有資產監督管理委員會）, and from January 2009 to October 2016, he served as director of general office
                                              of Foreign Affairs Bureau and member of party publicity branch in the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                                              Commission of the State Council（國務院國有資產監督管理委員會）. Mr. Long served as member of the party committee and
                                              deputy general manager of China Eastern Airlines Beijing Branch（東方航空北京分公司）from November 2013 to May 2015,
                                              and was in charge of operating profits, finance planning, result reviewing, strategy developing and management training and
                                              so on. From May 2014 to May 2016, he was elected by Civil Aviation Administration of China to join the Aviation Management
                                              EMBA Case Study, which was co-organized by Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management（清華經管學院）,
                                              École des Ponts ParisTech（法國國立路橋大學）and École Nationale de l’Aviation Civil（法國國立民用航空大學）, and obtained


   Financial and
                                              the EMBA Degree from Business School of École des Ponts ParisTech. He was the director of general office and a member
                                              of party branch organization committee of the international cooperation bureau in the State-owned Assets Supervision and
                                              Administration Commission of the State Council（國務院國有資產監督管理委員會）from October 2016 to November 2018.

 Operating Highlights
                                              Mr. Long obtained a Master Degree of Military Informatics from Information Science Department of the PLA Information
                                              Engineering University（解放軍信息工程大學）in July 1996, and an EMBA Degree from Business School of École des Ponts
                                              ParisTech in May 2016.

                                       (14)   Mr. LEE Kin（李健）


      Management
                                              Mr. LEE Kin（李健）, aged 48, joined the Company on 1 June 2007 as the controller. He has been the company secretary
                                              of the Company since 26 January 2015. He has experience in public accounting and several industries including energy,


 Discussion and Analysis
                                              media and ports. He has over 20 years of experience in areas of accounting, internal control, financing, investor relations
                                              and corporate strategy. Mr. Lee obtained a Bachelor Degree in Engineering from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in
                                              1994, Master of Business Administration from the University of Warwick, United Kingdom in 2004 and Master of Corporate
                                              Governance (with distinction) from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2013. Mr. Lee is a fellow member of the Hong
                                              Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA), the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), the Hong


Biographies of Directors
                                              Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS) and the Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as the Institute of
                                              Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA)) in the United Kingdom, a member of the Chartered Institute of Management
                                              Accountants (CIMA) and a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) respectively. He is currently a council member and the chairman



and Senior Management
                                              of Audit Committee of Hong Kong Baptist University, and a council member of ACCA. He is the former chairman of the ACCA
                                              – Hong Kong branch (2015-16).




       Report of the Directors




 Corporate Governance




        Report




                                       CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.      /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        59


Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

(15)   Mr. ZHOU Zhigang（周志剛）

       Mr. ZHOU Zhigang（周志剛）, aged 50, is currently the chief safety officer of the Company. Mr. Zhou joined the Company in
       August 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhou worked in Lingao Nuclear Power Co., Ltd.（嶺澳核電有限公司）from
       August 1995 to March 2004. He served several positions in China Nuclear Power Engineering Co., Ltd.（中廣核工程有限
       公司）from March 2004 to July 2007, including engineer of the safety management office of Safety and Quality Assurance
       Department, deputy director of the safety and quality assurance office of Yangjiang Project Department, and director of
       Safety and Quality Assurance Department in Yangjiang Branch. From July 2007 to May 2012, he served as director of safety
       management office and senior manager of safety management of Production Safety and Technology Management Department,
       director of safety and quality control office of Safety and Information Management Department in CGN. He was the deputy
       general engineer of the general manager office of CGN Wind Power from June 2012 to August 2016. He served as deputy
       general manager (in charge of overall operation) of Operation and Maintenance Department of the Company from August 2016
       to June 2018; served as general manager of safety and quality department of the Company from June 2018 to August 2018;
       served as chief safety officer from August 2018. Mr. Zhou obtained a Master Degree of geological engineering from China
       University of Ecosciences (Wuhan)（中國地質大學（武漢））in May 2002, and a Bachelor Degree of Safety Engineering from
       Wuhan Geological Institute in July 1995.

(16)   Mr. XU Jiapeng（許嘉鵬）

       Mr. XU Jiapeng（許嘉鵬）, aged 46, is currently the general counsel of the Company. Mr. Xu jointed the Company in January
       2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Xu served as secretary/judge’s assistant of China Association of Judges in Supreme
       People’s Court from July 1997 to June 2002, served as lawyer of Capital Markets Department of Jia Yuan Law Offices（北
       京市嘉源律師事務所）from July 2002 to June 2003, and also served as lawyer of General Affairs Department of Beijing S&P
       Law Firm（北京市尚公律師事務所）from July 2003 to September 2005. From September 2005 to January 2010, he worked as
       deputy general manager of Legal Department in Hanergy Holding Group Limited（漢能控股集團有限公司）. From January 2010
       to January 2014, he successively served as senior legal officer, legal management manager and director of legal affairs office
       in CGN Wind Power, and later from January 2014 to January 2015, he served as deputy general manger of Legal Department.
       Mr. Xu served as temporary person-in-charge of Legal (in charge of overall operation) Department of the Company from
       January 2015 to July 2017; he served as the general manager of Legal Department of the Company from July 2017 to
       October 2019; served as the general counsel and the general manager of Legal Department of the Company from October
       2019 to January 2021. Mr. Xu currently is the general counsel of the Company from January 2021. Mr. Xu obtained a Bachelor
       Degree of International Economic Law from China University of Political Science and Law in 1997, and a Master Degree of Civil
       Law and Commercial Law from Peking University in 2004. Mr. Xu is a qualified lawyer.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                60




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement
                                     The directors (the “Directors”) of the CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) are pleased to present the annual report
                                     and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020.


                                     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

     President’s Statement
                                     The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are engaged in the generation and supply of electricity, construction and operation of
                                     power stations and other associated facilities in the PRC and Korea.

                                     Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance can be found in
                                     the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report, which forms part of this report of the Directors.




     Distribution of Projects
                                     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
                                     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                                     comprehensive income in this annual report.

                                     The board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) recommends that 1.59 US cents (equivalent to 12.42 HK cents) per share of
                                     the Company be distributed as final dividends for the year ended 31 December 2020. The proposed final dividend, if approved at the
                                     forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Tuesday, 25 May 2021 (the “2021 AGM”), is expected to be paid

  Financial and
                                     on Monday, 21 June 2021 to shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) whose names appear on the register of members of
                                     the Company on Thursday, 10 June 2021.


Operating Highlights                 CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
                                     For the purpose of determining the entitlement to attend the 2021 AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed from


     Management
                                     Thursday, 20 May 2021 to Tuesday, 25 May 2021 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In
                                     order to be qualified for attending and voting at the 2021 AGM, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates
                                     must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at Level 54, Hopewell
                                     Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration by not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 18 May 2021.

Discussion and Analysis              For the purpose of determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the register of members of the Company will be
                                     closed from Tuesday, 8 June 2021 to Thursday, 10 June 2021 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will
                                     be registered. In order to be qualified for the proposed final dividend, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share
                                     certificates must be lodged with Tricor Investor Services Limited at the above address for registration by not later than 4:30 p.m. on

Biographies of Directors
                                     Monday, 7 June 2021.


                                     SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
and Senior Management
                                     A summary of the published results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited
                                     consolidated financial statements, is set out on pages 191 to 192. The summary does not form part of the audited consolidated
                                     financial statements.




     Report of the Directors
                                     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                     Movements in property, plant and equipment are set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.


                                     SHARE CAPITAL

Corporate Governance
                                     Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in note 36 to the
                                     consolidated financial statements.


       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                         61




Report of the Directors

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
The shares of the Company (the “Shares”) are subject to the rights, privileges and restrictions set forth in the memorandum of
association and bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”) and are not subject to any pre-emptive or similar rights under the
Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda or pursuant to the Bye-laws.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES
Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during the
year ended 31 December 2020.


RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in
note 36(a) to the consolidated financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 103 to 104,
respectively.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
The aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders of the Company as of 31 December 2020 was
approximately US$95.1 million.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has adopted a dividend policy. Below is a summary of the policy:

1.      The profit distribution policy of the Company aims to safeguard the interests of Shareholders as well as the sustainable
        development of the Company, ensure the continuity and stability of profit distribution policy in compliance with relevant
        requirements of laws, regulations and bye-laws of the Company.

2.      The payment and amount of dividends will depend on the specific operation results of the Company, general financial position,
        cash flow position, future operating and capital needs, amount of distributable profit, restrictions under loan covenants, tax
        considerations, general economic conditions, applicable laws and regulations as well as other factors that the Board considers
        relevant.

3.      The declaration of final dividend shall be recommended to Shareholders by the Board based on the above situations, and will
        be implemented after being voted and approved in general meeting of the Company.

4.      The declaration, payment and amount of interim dividend shall be determined by the Board and implemented based on the
        above situations from time to time.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                62




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     LARGEST CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
                                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately 65% of the Group’s




     President’s Statement
                                     total revenue and the Group’s largest customer for the year accounted for approximately 34% of the Group’s total revenue. The
                                     Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 98% of the Group’s total purchases, while the largest supplier for the year
                                     accounted for approximately 87% of the Group’s total purchases.

                                     To the knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Rules Governing the
                                     Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)) or any of the
                                     Shareholders who owns more than 5% of the Company’s number of issued Shares has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest
                                     customers or suppliers.




     Distribution of Projects
                                     DIRECTORS
                                     The Directors since 1 January 2020 and up to the date of this annual report were:


                                     Chairman and Non-executive Director:

  Financial and
                                     Mr. Chen Sui


                                     Executive Directors:
Operating Highlights
                                     Mr. Li Yilun (President)
                                     Mr. Zhang Zhiwu (appointed on 22 January 2020)



     Management
                                     Non-executive Directors:
                                     Mr. Yao Wei (resigned on 22 January 2020)

Discussion and Analysis
                                     Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March 2021)
                                     Mr. Xia Linquan (appointed on 24 March 2021)


                                     Independent Non-executive Directors:

Biographies of Directors             Mr. Wang Minhao
                                     Mr. Yang Xiaosheng


and Senior Management
                                     Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick

                                     Under the Bye-laws, the existing Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general meetings of the
                                     Company.




     Report of the Directors
                                     In accordance with bye-law 83(2) of the Bye-laws, Mr. Xia Linquan will retire at the 2021 AGM and being eligible, offers himself for re-
                                     election.

                                     In accordance with bye-law 84 of the Bye-laws, Mr. Wang Minhao and Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick will retire by rotation at the 2021
                                     AGM and, being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election.

                                     The retiring Directors, if re-elected, will hold office from the date of re-election to the conclusion of the annual general meeting of
                                     the Company to be held in 2024, subject to earlier determination in accordance with the Bye-laws and/or any applicable laws and


Corporate Governance
                                     regulations.

                                     The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, a confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule
                                     3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.

       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                              63




Report of the Directors

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors being proposed for re-election or election at the 2021 AGM has or will have a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than
statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR
CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Related Party Transactions” in this section and note 41 to the consolidated financial
statements, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a party and in which
a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year
ended 31 December 2020 or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2020.


CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER’S INTERESTS IN CONTRACT OF
SIGNIFICANCE
Other than the connected transactions and the continuing connected transactions as stated in the sections headed “Connected
transactions” and “Continuing connected transactions”, respectively of this report of the Directors, no contract of significance between
the Company or its subsidiaries and the controlling shareholder of the Company or its subsidiaries subsisted at the end of the year
ended 31 December 2020 or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2020.


TAXATION
Under present Bermuda law, there is no Bermuda income or profits tax, withholding tax, capital gains tax, capital transfer tax, estate
duty or inheritance tax payable by the Company or its members, other than members ordinarily resident in Bermuda. Further, no such
tax is imposed by withholding or otherwise on any payment to be made to or made by the Company.


STAMP DUTY
Under present Bermuda law, the Company is exempt from all stamp duties in Bermuda except on transactions involving “Bermuda
property”. This term relates, essentially, to real and personal property physically situated in Bermuda, including the shares of local
companies (as opposed to exempted companies). Transfers of shares and warrants in all exempted companies are exempt from stamp
duty in Bermuda.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SECURITIES
As of 31 December 2020, none of the Directors and/or chief executive of the Company has any interests and short positions in
the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which will be required to be (i) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which the Directors and chief executive were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (ii) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of
the SFO; or (iii) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                64




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
                                     As at 31 December 2020, so far as is known to the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, the following persons (other




     President’s Statement
                                     than the Directors and the chief executive of the Company) had or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the
                                     Shares or the underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the
                                     provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section
                                     336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                     Capacity/Nature                                                                Approximate %
                                     Name                                                            of Interest                                 Number of Shares                   of Shareholding




     Distribution of Projects
                                     China General Nuclear Power Corporation                         Interests in controlled                            3,101,800,000                           72.29%
                                       (“CGN”) (1)(2)(3)                                                corporation (long position)

                                     CGNPC International Limited                                     Interests in controlled                            3,101,800,000                           72.29%
                                       (“CGNPC International”) (1)(2)(3)                                corporation (long position)

                                     CGN Energy International Holdings Co., Limited                  Beneficial owner                                   3,101,800,000                           72.29%
                                       (“CGN Energy International”) (1)(2)(3)                          (long position)

  Financial and
                                     Notes:

                                     (1)      CGN indirectly holds 100% of the issued share capital of CGN Energy International, which directly holds approximately 72.29% of the issued share capital of

Operating Highlights
                                              the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary CGNPC International. Accordingly, CGN is deemed to have an interest in all shares held by CGN Energy
                                              International.

                                     (2)      CGNPC International directly holds 70.59% of the total issued share capital of CGN Energy International, which directly holds approximately 72.29% of the
                                              issued share capital of the Company, and indirectly holds 29.41% of the total issued share capital of CGN Energy International, through its wholly-owned
                                              subsidiary Gold Sky Capital Limited. Accordingly, CGNPC International is deemed to have an interest in all shares held by CGN Energy International.


     Management
                                     (3)      Save as disclosed in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report, as of the date of this report of the Directors,
                                              none of the Directors is a director or employee of a company which had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be
                                              disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.


Discussion and Analysis              SHARE OPTION SCHEME
                                     A share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) was adopted by the Company on 24 November 2015 for the purpose of


Biographies of Directors
                                     enabling the Company to (i) establish incentive and mechanism that is in line with market practice and satisfies the Company’s
                                     development strategy needs so as to facilitate long-term development of the Company and maximise Shareholders’ value, and (ii)
                                     optimise the remuneration structure of core employees of the Company such that the competitiveness of the Company’s remuneration


and Senior Management
                                     system may be enhanced, which will in turn attract and retain core management and technical staff to serve the Company for a long
                                     period of time. All Options (as defined below) ever granted under the Share Option Scheme have lapsed. No Options were granted,
                                     exercised nor cancelled during the year ended 31 December 2020.


                                     (1)      Eligible Participants to the Share Option Scheme


     Report of the Directors
                                              The Board may, at its absolute discretion and on such terms as it may think fit, grant options (the “Options”) to any eligible
                                              participants (the “Eligible Participants”) to subscribe at a price calculated in accordance with paragraph (8) below for such
                                              number of Shares as it may determine in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme.

                                              The basis of eligibility of any of the Eligible Participants to any Options shall be determined by the Directors from time to time
                                              on the basis of his/her contribution to the development and growth of the Group in the opinion of the Directors.



Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                 /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                         65




Report of the Directors

(2)   Maximum Number of Shares Available for Exercise
      The total number of new Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all Options to be granted under the Share Option
      Scheme and any other effective share option schemes (if any) of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total
      number of issued Shares of the same class as at the date of approval of the Share Option Scheme which is 429,082,400
      Shares (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”), representing 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this
      annual report.

      The Company may at any time as the Board thinks fit seek approval from the Shareholders to refresh the Scheme Mandate
      Limit save that the total number of new Shares in respect of which Options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme
      and any other share option schemes shall not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the date on which the
      Shareholders approve the refreshment of the Scheme Mandate Limit and the maximum number of new Shares which may be
      issued upon the exercise of all outstanding Options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any
      other share option schemes shall not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time.

      As at the date of this report of the Directors, the total number of securities available for issue under the Share Option Scheme
      was nil.


(3)   Maximum Entitlement of Each Eligible Participant
      Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the Options
      granted and to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other effective share option scheme(s) (if any) of the
      Company to each Eligible Participant (including both exercised and outstanding Options) in any 12-month period shall not
      exceed 1% of the total number of issued Shares of the same class.

      Grant of Options to Connected Persons
      Pursuant to Rule 17.04 of the Listing Rules:

      (a)     Any grant of Options to an Eligible Participant who is a Director, chief executive or substantial Shareholder (as
              defined under the Listing Rules) of the Company or their respective associates (including a discretionary trust whose
              discretionary objects include a Director, chief executive or a substantial Shareholder of a company beneficially owned
              by any Director, chief executive or substantial Shareholder) must be approved by the independent non-executive
              Directors.

      (b)     Where the Board proposes to grant any Option to an Eligible Participant who is a substantial Shareholder or its
              associates (including a discretionary trust whose discretionary objects include a substantial Shareholder or a company
              beneficially owned by any substantial Shareholder) would result in the Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of
              all Options already granted and to be granted (including Options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such person
              in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant:

              i.      representing in aggregate more than 0.1% of the total number of Shares in issue; and

              ii.     having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the Shares at the date of each grant, over
                      HK$5,000,000.00,

              such proposed grant of Options must be approved by the Shareholders in general meeting. In such a case, the
              Company shall send a circular to its Shareholders containing all those terms as required under the Listing Rules. All
              connected persons of the Company must abstain from voting at such general meeting (except that any connected
              person may vote against the relevant resolution provided that his intention to do so has been stated in this circular).
              Any vote taken at the meeting to approve the grant of such Options must be taken on a poll.

              No Options were granted during the year ended 31 December 2020.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                66




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     (4)    Time of Exercise of Option
                                            An Option may be exercised at any time during a period of 3 years from the date after the completion of the minimum period




     President’s Statement
                                            for which the Option must be held as described in paragraph (5) below.


                                     (5)    Exercisable Period
                                            Subject to the fulfilment of the exercise conditions as described in paragraph (6) below, the Options are exercisable (subject as
                                            provided below) during each Exercisable Period specified below for up to the number of Shares specified below:

                                            Maximum number of Shares                                               Exercisable Period




     Distribution of Projects
                                            approximately one-third of the Shares fall to be                       the first business day after 24 months from the offer date to
                                              issued on exercise of the Options*                                     the last business day in the 60th month after the offer date

                                            approximately an additional one-third of the Shares                    the first business day after 36 months from the offer date to
                                              fall to be issued on exercise of the Options*                          the last business day in the 72th month after the offer date

                                            approximately the remaining one-third of the Shares                    the first business day after 48 months from the offer date to

  Financial and
                                              fall to be issued on exercise of the Options*                          the last business day in the 84th month after the offer date

                                            *Note:   The Board may at its absolute discretion determine the exact number of the Shares fall to be issued on exercise of the Options.

Operating Highlights
                                     (6)    Exercise Conditions
                                            The Board or its delegate(s) may at their sole discretion specify, as part of the terms and conditions of any Option, any


     Management
                                            performance targets or conditions that must be satisfied before the Option can be exercised as part of the terms and
                                            conditions of any Option.




Discussion and Analysis
                                     (7)    Offer of Options
                                            The Company and Eligible Participants shall enter into a share option agreement upon the offer to set out the rights and
                                            obligations of both parties. Share option agreement shall contain information among others, names, number of identification
                                            card, address, correspondence, and any other matters. Eligible Participants shall pay HK$1.00 to the Company as the nominal

Biographies of Directors
                                            consideration upon acceptance of the offer.


                                     (8)    Exercise Price for Shares
and Senior Management
                                            The exercise price for Shares issuable under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price determined by the Board, but shall not
                                            be less than the highest of:




     Report of the Directors
                                            (i)      the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date, which must
                                                     be a business day;

                                            (ii)     the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business
                                                     days immediately preceding the offer date; and

                                            (iii)    the nominal value of a Share on the offer date.


                                     (9)    Period of the Share Option Scheme
Corporate Governance
                                            The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing from the date on which the Share Option

       Report
                                            Scheme is adopted by the Shareholders, unless otherwise terminated under the terms of the Share Option Scheme. The Share
                                            Option Scheme was adopted by the Shareholders on 24 November 2015 and, as at the date of this report of the Directors,
                                            has a remaining life of approximately 4 years and 7 months.



                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.              /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             67




Report of the Directors

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in this annual report regarding the Share Option Scheme, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2020 was
the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the directors of the Company or their respective spouses
or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any
other body corporate of the Group.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
Save as disclosed in this annual report regarding the Share Option Scheme, the Company has not entered into any equity-linked
agreement during the year and no equity-linked agreement subsisted as at the end of the year ended 31 December 2020.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Bye-laws provide that each Director is entitled to be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the
Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which he/she may incur or sustain in or about
the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto. During the year ended 31 December 2020 and up to the
date of this report of the Directors, the Company has arranged directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage for the Directors and
officers of the Company and its subsidiaries.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2020.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group entered into certain transactions with connected persons. Details of the
continuing connected transactions are as follows:


(A)     With CGN and its subsidiaries, excluding the Group (the “CGN Group”)
        Non-exempt continuing connected transactions subject to reporting, announcement and independent
        shareholders’ approval requirements

        1(a)    Financial Services (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework Agreement
                On 12 September 2014, CGNPC Huasheng Investment Limited (“CGNPC Huasheng”) and the Company entered
                into the financial services (CGNPC Huasheng) framework agreement (the “Financial Services (CGNPC Huasheng)
                Framework Agreement”) in relation to the deposit arrangement in Hong Kong provided by CGNPC Huasheng to
                the Group, which was effective from 12 September 2014 to 29 May 2015, being the date of the first annual general
                meeting of the Company after its listing. The first renewal of the Financial Services (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework
                Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the first annual general meeting of
                the Company and the terms of the Financial Services (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework Agreement became effective
                from 30 May 2015 and would continue up to and including 31 December 2017. The second renewal of the Financial
                Services (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company
                at the special general meeting of the Company held on 18 December 2017 and the terms of the Financial Services
                (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework Agreement became effective from 1 January 2018 and would continue up to and
                including 31 December 2020.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                68




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement
                                                   The third renewal of the Financial Services (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework Agreement, together with certain
                                                   amendments, were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting of
                                                   the Company held on 23 December 2020 and the terms of the Financial Services (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework
                                                   Agreement became effective from 1 January 2021 and shall continue up to and including 31 December 2023.




     President’s Statement
                                                   CGNPC Huasheng is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN which is the controlling shareholder of the Company, and is
                                                   therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.

                                                   Further details of the Financial Services (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework Agreement and its renewals were disclosed
                                                   in the prospectus of the Company dated 19 September 2014 (the “Prospectus”) and the circulars of the Company
                                                   dated 20 April 2015, 30 November 2017 and 25 November 2020.




     Distribution of Projects
                                            1(b) Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework Agreement
                                                   On 12 September 2014, CGN Finance Co., Ltd. (“CGN Finance”) and the Company entered into the financial
                                                   services (CGN Finance) framework agreement (the “Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework Agreement”,
                                                   together with the Financial Services (CGNPC Huasheng) Framework Agreement, the “Financial Services Framework
                                                   Agreements”) in relation to the deposit arrangement in the PRC provided by CGN Finance to the Group, which was
                                                   effective from 12 September 2014 to 29 May 2015, being the date of the first annual general meeting of the Company
                                                   after its listing. The first renewal of the Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework Agreement was approved by the

  Financial and
                                                   independent shareholders of the Company at the first annual general meeting of the Company and the term of the
                                                   Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework Agreement became effective from 30 May 2015 and would continue
                                                   up to and including 31 December 2017. The second renewal of the Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework

Operating Highlights
                                                   Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting of the
                                                   Company held on 18 December 2017 and the terms of the Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework Agreement
                                                   became effective from 1 January 2018 and would continue up to and including 31 December 2020.

                                                   The third renewal of the Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework Agreement, together with certain amendments,


     Management
                                                   were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting of the Company held
                                                   on 23 December 2020 and the terms of the Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework Agreement became effective
                                                   from 1 January 2021 and shall continue up to and including 31 December 2023.


Discussion and Analysis
                                                   CGN Finance is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN, and is therefore a connected person of the Company under
                                                   the Listing Rules.

                                                   Further details of the Financial Services (CGN Finance) Framework Agreement and its renewals were disclosed in the


Biographies of Directors
                                                   Prospectus and the circulars of the Company dated 20 April 2015, 30 November 2017 and 25 November 2020.

                                                   General


and Senior Management
                                                   As the nature of the services to be provided to the Group under the Financial Services Framework Agreements are
                                                   similar, the estimated annual cap for the maximum outstanding balance of deposits to be placed by the Group with
                                                   CGNPC Huasheng and CGN Finance under the Financial Services Framework Agreements, together with the relevant
                                                   interest received, for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been aggregated and amounted to US$560.0 million.
                                                   The actual maximum outstanding balance of deposits placed by the Group with CGNPC Huasheng and CGN Finance




     Report of the Directors
                                                   under the Financial Services Framework Agreements, together with the relevant interest received for the year ended
                                                   31 December 2020 were approximately US$512.9 million.




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.     /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                           69




Report of the Directors

  2(a)   Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement
         On 20 August 2014, CGN Energy Development Co., Ltd. (“CGN Energy”) and the Company entered into the
         operation and management services (CGN Energy) framework agreement (the “Operation and Management
         Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide, or procure
         a subsidiary of the Group to provide operation and management services to power projects (whether in operation
         or under construction) in which CGN Energy had interest. The initial term of this agreement was from 1 May
         2014 to 31 December 2016. The Company served a notice to CGN Energy in accordance with the terms of the
         Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement to renew such agreement for a term of
         three years from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2019 where the principal terms (other than renewal of the term)
         of the renewed Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement remained the same as
         the original Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement (including the calculation of
         the management fees) (the “2016 Renewed Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework
         Agreement”). The Company further served a notice to CGN Energy in accordance with the terms of the 2016
         Renewed Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement to renew such agreement for
         a term of one year from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 where the principal terms (other than renewal of the
         term) of the further renewed Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement remained
         the same as the original Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement (including the
         calculation of the management fees) (the “2019 Renewed Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy)
         Framework Agreement”).

         The Company further served a notice to CGN Energy in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Renewed Operation
         and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement to renew such agreement for a term of three
         years from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2023. The principal terms (other than renewal of the term and certain
         amendments) of the further renewed Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement
         remained the same as the original Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement
         (including the calculation of the management fees). Such renewal of the Operation and Management Services (CGN
         Energy) Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special general
         meeting of the Company held on 23 December 2020.

         CGN Energy is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN, and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the
         Listing Rules.

         Further details of the Operation and Management Services (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement and its renewals were
         disclosed in the Prospectus, the announcements of the Company dated 29 December 2016 and 4 December 2019,
         and the circular of the Company dated 25 November 2020.




                                                          Annual Report 2020   /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                70




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement

                                            2(b) Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement
                                                   On 15 September 2014, Huamei Holding Company Limited (“Huamei Holding”) and the Company entered into the
                                                   operation and management services (Huamei Holding) framework agreement (the “Operation and Management




     President’s Statement
                                                   Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement”, together with the Operation and Management Services
                                                   (CGN Energy) Framework Agreement, the “Operation and Management Services Framework Agreements”),
                                                   pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide, or procure a subsidiary of the Group to provide, operation and
                                                   management services to power projects (whether in operation or under construction) in which a subsidiary of the
                                                   group of companies which were transferred to CGN Energy International as part of the reorganization of the Group
                                                   as described in the Prospectus under which Huamei Holding had interest. The initial term of this agreement was from
                                                   15 September 2014 to 31 December 2016. The Company served a notice to Huamei Holding in accordance with the
                                                   terms of the Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement to renew such agreement




     Distribution of Projects
                                                   for a term of three years from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2019 where the principal terms (other than renewal
                                                   of the term) of the renewed Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement remained
                                                   the same as the original Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement (including
                                                   the calculation of the management fees) (the “2016 Renewed Operation and Management Services (Huamei
                                                   Holding) Framework Agreement”). The Company further served a notice to Huamei Holding in accordance with the
                                                   terms of the 2016 Renewed Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement to renew
                                                   such agreement for a term of one year from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 where the principal terms (other
                                                   than renewal of the term) of the further renewed Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework

  Financial and
                                                   Agreement remained the same as the original Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework
                                                   Agreement (including the calculation of the management fees) (the “2019 Renewed Operation and Management
                                                   Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement”).

Operating Highlights                               The Company further served a notice to Huamei Holding in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Renewed
                                                   Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement to renew such agreement for a term
                                                   of three years from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2023 where the principal terms (other than renewal of the term
                                                   and certain amendments) of the further renewed Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework


     Management
                                                   Agreement remained the same as the original Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework
                                                   Agreement (including the calculation of the management fees). Such renewal of the Operation and Management
                                                   Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at


Discussion and Analysis
                                                   the special general meeting of the Company held on 23 December 2020.

                                                   Huamei Holding is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN, and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the
                                                   Listing Rules.



Biographies of Directors
                                                   Further details of the Operation and Management Services (Huamei Holding) Framework Agreement and its renewals
                                                   were disclosed in the Prospectus, the announcements of the Company dated 29 December 2016 and 4 December
                                                   2019, and the circular of the Company dated 25 November 2020.


and Senior Management
                                            2(c)   Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework Agreement
                                                   On 17 June 2015, the Company entered into the Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework
                                                   Agreement (the “Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework Agreement”) with CGN




     Report of the Directors
                                                   Solar Energy Development Co., Ltd. (“CGN Solar Energy”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide, or
                                                   procure a subsidiary of the Company to provide, operation and management services to power projects (whether in
                                                   operation or under construction) in which CGN Solar Energy had interest. The relevant subsidiaries of the Company
                                                   would provide comprehensive operation and management services according to the requirements of the service
                                                   recipient, and may appoint personnel to be responsible for or to be involved in the operations management, financial
                                                   management, human resources management, technical management, information management, and/or safety
                                                   management of the relevant power project or company which held interest in the relevant power project. The term of
                                                   this agreement was from 17 June 2015 to 31 December 2017. The Company served a notice to CGN Solar Energy in
                                                   accordance with the terms of the Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework Agreement to renew

Corporate Governance
                                                   such agreement for a term of three years from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2020. Save for the renewal of the term
                                                   of the agreement, the principal terms of the renewed Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework
                                                   Agreement remained the same as the original Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework

       Report
                                                   Agreement (including the calculation of the management fees) (the “2017 Renewed Operation and Management
                                                   Services (Solar Energy) Framework Agreement”).




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.     /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                             71




Report of the Directors

       The Company further served a notice to CGN Solar Energy in accordance with the terms of the 2017 Renewed
       Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework Agreement to renew such agreement for a term of
       three years from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2023. Save for the renewal of the term of the agreement and certain
       amendments, the principal terms of the renewed Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework
       Agreement remained the same as the original Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework
       Agreement (including the calculation of the management fees). Such renewal of the Operation and Management
       Services (Solar Energy) Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the
       special general meeting of the Company held on 23 December 2020.

       CGN Solar Energy is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN, and is therefore a connected person of the Company
       under the Listing Rules.

       Further details of the Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework Agreement and its renewals
       were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 17 June 2015, and the circulars of the Company dated
       30 November 2017 and 25 November 2020.

  2(d) Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement
       On 17 June 2015, the Company entered into the Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework
       Agreement (the “Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement”, together with
       the Operation and Management Services (Solar Energy) Framework Agreement, the “O&M Agreements”) with CGN
       Wind Energy Co., Ltd. (“CGN Wind Energy”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide, or procure a
       subsidiary of the Company to provide operation and management services to power projects (whether in operation or
       under construction) in which CGN Wind Energy had interest. The relevant subsidiaries of the Company would provide
       comprehensive operation and management services according to the requirements of the service recipient, and may
       appoint personnel to be responsible for or to be involved in the operations management, financial management,
       human resources management, technical management, information management, and/or safety management of the
       relevant power project or company which held interest in the relevant power project. The term of this agreement was
       from 17 June 2015 to 31 December 2017. The Company served a notice to CGN Wind Energy in accordance with the
       terms of the Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement to renew such agreement for
       a term of three years from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2020. Save for the renewal of the term of the agreement,
       the principal terms of the renewed Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement
       remained the same as the original Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement
       (including the calculation of the management fees) (the “2017 Renewed Operation and Management Services
       (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement”).

       The Company further served a notice to CGN Wind Energy in accordance with the terms of the 2017 Renewed
       Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement to renew such agreement for a term of
       three years from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2023. Save for the renewal of the term of the agreement and certain
       amendments, the principal terms of the renewed Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework
       Agreement remained the same as the original Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework
       Agreement and the 2017 Renewed Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement
       (including the calculation of the management fees). Such renewal of the Operation and Management Services (Wind
       Energy) Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special general
       meeting of the Company held on 23 December 2020.

       CGN Wind Energy is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN, and is therefore a connected person of the Company
       under the Listing Rules.

       Further details of the Operation and Management Services (Wind Energy) Framework Agreement and its renewals
       were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 17 June 2015, and the circulars of the Company dated
       30 November 2017 and 25 November 2020.




                                                         Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                72




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement
                                                   General

                                                   As the nature of the services to be provided under the two Operation and Management Services Framework
                                                   Agreements and the O&M Agreements are similar, the annual cap for the management fees payable under the




     President’s Statement
                                                   Operation and Management Services Framework Agreements and the O&M Agreements for the year ended 31
                                                   December 2020 were determined on an aggregate basis and amounted to US$29.74 million. The actual management
                                                   fees paid under the Operation and Management Services Framework Agreements and the O&M Agreements for the
                                                   year ended 31 December 2020 were approximately US$25.21 million.

                                            Non-exempt continuing connected transactions subject to reporting and announcement requirements

                                            3.     Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants Framework



     Distribution of Projects
                                                   Agreement
                                                   On 10 July 2020, CGN (Beijing) New Energy Technology Co., Limited (“CGN (Beijing) New Energy Technology”)
                                                   and the Company entered into the maintenance services of wind farms and photovoltaic power plants framework
                                                   agreement (the “Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants Framework
                                                   Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to engage CGN (Beijing) New Energy Technology to provide
                                                   maintenance services (which may include the provision of information services, two measures services, overhaul
                                                   services, repairs, maintenance and upgrading of facilities and equipment, regular inspection services, and pre-testing

  Financial and
                                                   services, installation and replacement of equipment and spare parts services) to certain wind farms and photovoltaic
                                                   power plants of the Group. The term of this agreement shall be one year from 10 July 2020 to 9 July 2021, subject to
                                                   renewal by way of written notice to CGN (Beijing) New Energy Technology upon its expiry.

Operating Highlights                               CGN (Beijing) New Energy Technology is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN Solar Energy, which is a non-wholly-
                                                   owned subsidiary of CGN, and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.

                                                   Further details of the Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants Framework Agreement were

     Management
                                                   disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 10 July 2020.

                                                   The estimated annual cap for the maximum service fee payable from the Company to CGN (Beijing) New Energy


Discussion and Analysis
                                                   Technology for the period commencing from 10 July 2020 and ended on 31 December 2020 amounted to RMB63.39
                                                   million. The actual service fee paid by the Company to CGN (Beijing) New Energy Technology under the Maintenance
                                                   Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants Framework Agreement for the same period was approximately
                                                   RMB31.05 million.



Biographies of Directors
                                            4.     Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Services of
                                                   Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants (as amended by the Supplemental
                                                   Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Services of

and Senior Management
                                                   Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants)
                                                   On 16 December 2020, Gansu CGN Wind Power Co., Ltd. (“Gansu CGN Wind Power”) and the Company entered
                                                   into the supplemental framework agreement for equipment inspection and maintenance services of wind farms
                                                   and photovoltaic power plants (the “Supplemental Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection and




     Report of the Directors
                                                   Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants”) to revise the terms of the framework
                                                   agreement for equipment inspection and maintenance services of wind farms and photovoltaic power plants
                                                   (the “Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and
                                                   Photovoltaic Power Plants”) dated 10 June 2019 as entered into between Gansu CGN Wind Power and the
                                                   Company, pursuant to which Gansu CGN Wind Power agreed to provide equipment inspection and maintenance
                                                   services (which may include the provision of power transmission and transformation equipment maintenance
                                                   and pretest services, regular inspection and maintenance of wind power towers services, photovoltaic power
                                                   plants components cleaning services and replacement of equipment and spare parts services) to wind farms and

Corporate Governance
                                                   photovoltaic power plants of the Group. The term of the Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection and
                                                   Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants (as amended by the Supplemental Framework
                                                   Agreement for Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants) shall

       Report
                                                   be three years from 10 June 2019 to 9 June 2022, subject to renewal by way of written notice to Gansu CGN Wind
                                                   Power upon its expiry.




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.      /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                73




Report of the Directors

       Gansu CGN Wind Power is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN Wind Energy, which is a non-wholly-owned
       subsidiary of CGN, and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.

       Further details of the Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and
       Photovoltaic Power Plants (as amended by the Supplemental Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection and
       Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants) were disclosed in the announcement of the
       Company dated 16 December 2020.

       The estimated annual cap for the maximum service fee payable from the Company to Gansu CGN Wind Power for
       the year ended 31 December 2020 was RMB8.47 million. The actual service fee paid by the Company to Gansu CGN
       Wind Power under the Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Services of Wind Farms
       and Photovoltaic Power Plants (as amended by the Supplemental Framework Agreement for Equipment Inspection
       and Maintenance Services of Wind Farms and Photovoltaic Power Plants) for the same period was approximately
       RMB2.44 million.

  5.   Sharing of Office and Administrative Services Agreement
       On 5 June 2019, the Company and CGN Energy International entered into the sharing of office and administrative
       services agreement (the “Sharing of Office and Administrative Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the
       Company has agreed to (i) share the use and occupation of the Office Space (as defined under the Sharing of
       Office and Administrative Services Agreement) with CGN Energy International; and (ii) share the arrangement of the
       Administrative Services (as set out in the Sharing of Office and Administrative Services Agreement) with CGN Energy
       International, subject to the due execution of the deed of guarantee and indemnity (the “Deed of Guarantee and
       Indemnity”) to be entered between the Company, CGN Energy International and Xipho Development Company
       Limited as soon as practicable after execution of the Sharing of Office and Administrative Services Agreement in order
       to allow the Company to share with CGN Energy International certain areas of the Office Space in connection with the
       lease agreement. The term of the Sharing of Office and Administrative Services Agreement shall be from the date of
       the Deed of Guarantee and Indemnity to 31 December 2021 (both days inclusive).

       CGN Energy International is the controlling shareholder of the Company, directly holding approximately 72.29% of the
       issued share capital of the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.

       Further details of the Sharing of Office and Administrative Services Agreement were disclosed in the announcement of
       the Company dated 5 June 2019.

       The annual cap for the maximum service fee payable from CGN Energy International to the Company under the
       Sharing of Office and Administrative Services Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to HK$14.3
       million. The actual service fee paid by CGN Energy International to the Company under the Sharing of Office and
       Administrative Services Agreement for the same period was approximately HK$10.9 million.




                                                           Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                74




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     (B)    General
                                            The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong




     President’s Statement
                                            Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical
                                            Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
                                            the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued its
                                            unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions of the Group as
                                            mentioned above in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the
                                            Company to the Stock Exchange.

                                            The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the Company for the year




     Distribution of Projects
                                            ended 31 December 2020 and have confirmed that the continuing connected transactions have been entered into:

                                            1.      in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

                                            2.      on normal commercial terms or better (as defined in the Listing Rules); and

                                            3.      in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
                                                    interests of the Shareholders as a whole.


  Financial and
                                            The Company’s auditor has confirmed that the continuing connected transactions:

                                            1.      have been approved by the Board;

Operating Highlights
                                            2.      were, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group if the transactions involve the
                                                    provision of goods or services by the Group;




     Management
                                            3.      were entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the transactions; and

                                            4.      have not exceeded the cap.



Discussion and Analysis




Biographies of Directors




and Senior Management




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        75




Report of the Directors

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

With the CGN Group
Non-exempt connected transactions subject to reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
requirements

1.        Entrusted Construction Management Contracts
          On 25 November 2020, in line with the Group’s strategies to steadily develop its wind power business, CGN New Energy
          Nantong Co., Ltd.*（中廣核新能源南通有限公司） (“CGN Nantong”), a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
          China Nuclear Power Engineering Co., Ltd. (“China Nuclear Power Engineering”) entered into the contract in relation to
          the design, procurement and construction work and management of the Rudong Offshore 300MW Wind Farm Project (the
          “Rudong Entrusted Construction Management Contract”) at a consideration of approximately RMB2.1 billion (inclusive
          of tax). On the same day, CGN (Shengsi) New Energy Co., Ltd. (“CGN Shengsi”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
          the Company, and China Nuclear Power Engineering entered into the contract in relation to the design, procurement and
          construction work and management of the Shengsi Offshore Wind Farm Project (the “Shengsi Entrusted Construction
          Management Contract”, together with the Rudong Entrusted Construction Management Contract, the “Entrusted
          Construction Management Contracts”) at a consideration of approximately RMB2.3 billion (inclusive of tax). The entering
          into and the terms of the Entrusted Construction Management Contracts were approved by the independent shareholders of
          the Company at the special general meeting of the Company held on 23 December 2020.

          China Nuclear Power Engineering is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of CGN, and is therefore a connected person of the
          Company under the Listing Rules.

          Further details of the Entrusted Construction Management Contracts were disclosed in the announcement of the Company
          dated 25 November 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 8 December 2020.

Non-exempt connected transactions subject to reporting and announcement requirements

2.        Equipment Transfer Agreements
         On 10 November 2020, CGN (Anshan) New Energy Co., Ltd.*（中廣核（鞍山）新能源有限公司）(“CGN Anshan”), an indirect
         wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and CGN Solar Energy (Yixian) Co., Ltd.*（中廣核太陽能（義縣）有限公司）(“Yixian
         Company”) entered into the equipment transfer agreement (the “First Equipment Transfer Agreement”), pursuant to which
         CGN Anshan agreed to dispose of, and Yixian Company agreed to acquire, 36 items of idle equipment, machinery and assets
         in respect of the 1.9MW and 3.9MW distributed photovoltaic projects of CGN Anshan (the “Equipment”) at the consideration
         of RMB9,034,271.59 (inclusive of tax). On the same day, CGN Anshan and Zhaoyang Junxiao New Energy (Lingyuan) Co., Ltd.*
         （朝陽君曉新能源（凌源）有限公司） (“Lingyuan Company”) entered into the equipment transfer agreement (the “Second
         Equipment Transfer Agreement”, together with the First Equipment Transfer Agreement, the “Equipment Transfer
         Agreements”), pursuant to which CGN Anshan agreed to dispose of, and Lingyuan Company agreed to acquire, 20 items
         of the Equipment at the consideration of RMB8,772,193.83 (inclusive of tax). The aggregate consideration for the disposal of
         the Equipment was RMB17,806,465.42 (inclusive of tax), and was intended to be used for the purpose of the general working
         capital of the Group.

          Both Yixian Company and Lingyuan Company are indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of CGN, and are therefore
          connected persons of the Company under the Listing Rules.

          Further details of the Equipment Transfer Agreements were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 10
          November 2020.




* For identification purpose only



                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                76




                                     Report of the Directors
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                                     Details of the related party transactions undertaken in the normal course of business are provided under note 41 to the consolidated




     President’s Statement
                                     financial statements. Save for the connected transactions and the continuing connected transactions as disclosed above, none of
                                     these related party transactions constitute discloseable connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined
                                     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. In relation to those related party transactions that also constitute connected transactions
                                     or continuing connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, they have complied with the applicable
                                     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


                                     NON-COMPETITION DEED


     Distribution of Projects
                                     The Company entered into a deed of non-competition (the “Non-Competition Deed”) with CGN on 15 September 2014 under which
                                     CGN agreed not to, and agreed to procure its subsidiaries (other than the Group) not to, compete with the Group in its non-nuclear
                                     power business (save for the retention of the existing Retained Business (as defined in the Prospectus) of the CGN Group or any future
                                     business which the CGN Group has carried on pursuant to the terms of the Non-Competition Deed) and granted the Company with
                                     a right to acquire the Retained Business of the CGN Group and a right to acquire a new business or equity investment opportunity
                                     directed to the Group according to the terms of the Non-Competition Deed.

                                     The Company has received a confirmation from CGN confirming to the Company on its compliance with the relevant non-competing

  Financial and
                                     procedures set out in the Non-Competition Deed and having protected the right granted to the Company under the Non-Competition
                                     Deed to invest in or acquire the relevant projects during the year ended 31 December 2020.


Operating Highlights
                                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the independent non-executive Directors (the “Disinterested Directors”), being the
                                     Directors other than those who are also directors and senior management personnel of the CGN Group, had reviewed several business
                                     or investment opportunities offered by or referred to by the CGN Group pursuant to the Non-Competition Deed. The Disinterested
                                     Directors considered the opportunities taking into account, inter alia, the following:


     Management
                                     (a)     whether the investment would create or would likely create competition with the principal business of the Group;

                                     (b)     the business and financial performance and potential of the subject investment opportunities;

Discussion and Analysis              (c)     the feasibility and viability for the Group to acquire, invest or take on the subject investment opportunities (in terms of the
                                             availability of management, financial and business resources and expertise);

                                     (d)     the terms and conditions of the acquisition of or taking on the subject investment opportunities;

Biographies of Directors             (e)     the financial budget and business plan of the Group for undertaking the investment opportunities in the relevant year;



and Senior Management
                                     (f)     result of a cost-benefit analysis for the Group to acquire, invest or take on the subject investment opportunities, and whether
                                             the subject investment opportunities are consistent with the business development strategy of the Group, and whether it is
                                             likely to create any strategic or synergy value to the Group’s existing business;

                                     (g)     the likely risks associated with the subject investment opportunities should the Group acquire, take on, operate or participate




     Report of the Directors
                                             in such subject investment opportunities; and

                                     (h)     the equity internal rate of return and/or the expected internal rate of return of the investment opportunities.

                                     As a result, we had not exercised any right to acquire or invest in those investment opportunities.

                                     The Disinterested Directors have reviewed compliance by CGN and confirm that based on the confirmations and information provided
                                     by CGN, CGN was in compliance with the Non-Competition Deed during the year ended 31 December 2020.


Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.         /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             77




Report of the Directors

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
As of the date of this report, so far as the Directors were aware, none of the Directors, and their respective close associates had
interest in any business apart from the Group’s businesses which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
business of the Group.


EMOLUMENT POLICY
We determined the emoluments of our directors and employees based on their respective performance, working experience, roles and
responsibilities as well as market factors. We offer our executive Directors and senior management members, who are also employees
of our Company, various compensation in the form of fees, salaries, contributions to pension scheme, discretionary bonuses, housing
and other benefits in kind. We provide our employees with salaries and discretionary bonuses, as well as employee benefits, including
retirement schemes, medical and life insurance schemes, housing and other benefits in kind.

Our independent non-executive Directors receive compensation based on their responsibilities including being members or chairman of
Board committees.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
As at the date of this report and based on publicly available information and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
sufficient public float as required under Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules.


DONATIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group made charitable and other donations amounting to approximately HK$2,121,000
(2019: HK$1,169,000).


AUDITOR
The Company ceased to engage Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (“Deloitte”) on 29 June 2020, and appointed KPMG as auditor of the
Company on the same day. Details of the change of external auditor from Deloitte to KPMG were disclosed in the announcement of the
Company dated 29 June 2020.

A resolution will be submitted to the annual general meeting to re-appoint KPMG as auditor of the Company.

On behalf of the Board




Chen Sui
Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 March 2021




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                78




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement
                                     The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company considers effective corporate governance is a key component in
                                     the sustained development of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) and believes that good corporate governance practices
                                     are increasingly important for maintaining and promoting shareholder value and investor confidence. The Board sets appropriate
                                     policies and implements corporate governance practices to the conduct and growth of the Group’s business.




     President’s Statement
                                     The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the
                                     Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) as its own code of corporate governance.
                                     The Board considers that the Company was in compliance with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code throughout the
                                     year ended 31 December 2020.




     Distribution of Projects
                                                                                                 External
                                                                                                 Auditor




  Financial and
                                                                   Internal                                                 Management
                                                                   Auditor
Operating Highlights
                                                                                                                             and Staff
                                                                                             Board and
                                                                                               Board
                                                                                             Committees
     Management




Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                                    Other
                                                                            Shareholders                         Stakeholders

Biographies of Directors




and Senior Management                                                         Corporate Governance Framework of the Company




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                         79




Corporate Governance Report

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The overall management of the Company’s operation is vested in the Board.

The Board takes responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and approval of all policy
matters, overall strategies, risk management and internal control systems, and monitoring of the performance of the senior
management. The Directors make decisions objectively in the interests of the Company. As at the date of this report, the Board
comprises seven Directors, including two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive
Directors. Members of the Board during the year ended 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this report are as follows:


Chairman and Non-executive Director:
Mr. Chen Sui


Executive Directors:
Mr. Li Yilun (President)
Mr. Zhang Zhiwu (appointed on 22 January 2020)


Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Yao Wei (resigned on 22 January 2020)
Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March 2021)
Mr. Xia Linquan (appointed on 24 March 2021)


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Wang Minhao
Mr. Yang Xiaosheng
Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick

Biographical details and relationships among members of the Board as at the date of this report are set out in the section headed
“Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report.

The Board delegates the authority and responsibility for implementing day-to-day operations, business strategies and management of
the Group’s businesses to the executive Directors, senior management and certain specific responsibilities to the Board committees.

During the year, the non-executive Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) provided the Company with a diverse
range of expertise and a balance of skills, and brought independent judgments in issues pertinent to strategic direction, development,
performance and risk management through their contribution at the Board meetings and committee meetings.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                80




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     Chairman and President
                                     As at the date of this report, Mr. Chen Sui is the chairman of the Company and Mr. Li Yilun is the president of the Company. The




     President’s Statement
                                     roles of the chairman and chief executive are served by different individuals to achieve a balance of authority and power, which is
                                     in compliance with the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code. Mr. Chen Sui is principally responsible for overall corporate strategies
                                     planning and business development of the Group, while Mr. Li Yilun is principally responsible for leading and managing all the activities
                                     of the Group to achieve the goals and objectives set by the Board, identifying and recommending the short, medium and long-term
                                     business strategies, directing and executing the Group’s plans and budgets, directing and organizing the Group’s material, human and
                                     economic resources to deliver the corporate results, identifying and developing business opportunities for the growth of the Group.


                                     Appointments, re-election and removal of Directors


     Distribution of Projects
                                     Each Director has entered into a service contract or an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years, subject to
                                     retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general meetings of the Company in accordance with the bye-laws of the Company
                                     (the “Bye-laws”). In accordance with bye-law 83(2) of the Bye-laws, Mr. Xia Linquan will retire at the forthcoming annual general
                                     meeting of the Company and, being eligible, offer himself for re-election. Mr. Wang Minhao and Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick will retire
                                     by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election, in
                                     accordance with bye-law 84 of the Bye-laws.



  Financial and
                                     Number of meetings and Directors’ attendance

Operating Highlights
                                     Code provision A.1.1 of the CG Code prescribes that at least four regular Board meetings should be held each year at approximately
                                     quarterly intervals with active participation of a majority of the Directors, either in person or through other electronic means of
                                     communication.

                                     Board meetings in each year are scheduled in advance to facilitate maximum attendance of Directors.


     Management
                                     The calendar of regular Board meetings (the “Board Meetings”), Board Committees meetings and general meetings for the year
                                     ended 31 December 2020 is shown below:


Discussion and Analysis
                                                                           Jan      Feb    Mar      Apr     May      Jun      Jul    Aug      Sep     Oct      Nov     Dec


                                     Board                                                   ✓                        ✓                ✓                                ✓
                                     Nomination Committee                   ✓                ✓


Biographies of Directors
                                     Remuneration Committee                 ✓                ✓                        ✓
                                     Audit Committee                                         ✓       ✓                ✓                ✓                ✓
                                     Investment and Risk Management         ✓                ✓                                                 ✓        ✓


and Senior Management
                                        Committee
                                     General Meeting                                                                  ✓                                                 ✓

                                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Board has held four meetings.

                                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company has held an annual general meeting (the “2020 AGM”) and a special general




     Report of the Directors
                                     meeting.




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.          /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                            81




Corporate Governance Report

The table below sets forth the number of meetings of the Board and Board Committees (as defined below) and general meeting
attended by each Director who held office during the year ended 31 December 2020:

                                                                                               Attendance/Number of meetings
                                                                                                                                       Investment
                                                                                                                                         and Risk
                                                                                Nomination      Remuneration               Audit      Management              General
Name of Director                                                    Board       Committee         Committee            Committee       Committee              Meeting


Chairman and Non-executive Director:
Mr. Chen Sui                                                           4/4               2/2                                                                       1/2

Executive Directors:
Mr. Li Yilun (President)                                               4/4                                                                                         1/2
Mr. Zhang Zhiwu (appointed on 22 January 2020)                         2/4                                                                                         0/2
 (Note i)

Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Yao Wei (resigned on 22 January 2020) (Note ii)                   N/A                                                     N/A               0/1                N/A
Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March 2021) (Note iii)                  4/4                                  3/3                5/5               4/4                1/2
Mr. Xia Linquan (appointed on 24 March 2021)                          N/A                                  N/A                N/A               N/A                N/A
 (Note iv)

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Wang Minhao                                                        4/4               2/2                3/3                                                    1/2
Mr. Yang Xiaosheng                                                     4/4               2/2                3/3               5/5                4/4               1/2
Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick (Note v)                                 4/4                                                    5/5                3/3               2/2

Note i:     Mr. Zhang Zhiwu was appointed as an executive Director of the Company on 22 January 2020. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company
            dated 22 January 2020. In the year ended 31 December 2020, no Board meeting and general meeting was held before his appointment took effect.

Note ii:    Mr. Yao Wei resigned as a non-executive Director, the chairman of the Investment and Risk Management Committee and the Audit Committee on 22 January
            2020. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 22 January 2020. In the year ended 31 December 2020, no Board meeting and
            general meeting was held before his resignation took effect.

Note iii:   Mr. Xing Ping was appointed as the chairman of the Investment and Risk Management Committee and a member of the Audit Committee on 22 January 2020.
            For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 22 January 2020. In the year ended 31 December 2020, no Board meeting and general
            meeting was held before his appointment took effect. In addition, Mr. Xing Ping resigned as a non-executive Director, the chairman of the Investment and Risk
            Management Committee, and a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee on 24 March 2021. For details, please refer to the
            announcement of the Company dated 24 March 2021.

Note iv:    Mr. Xia Linquan was appointed as a non-executive Director, the chairman of the Investment and Risk Management Committee, and a member of each of the
            Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee on 24 March 2021. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 24 March 2021.

Note v:     Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick was appointed as a member of the Investment and Risk Management Committee on 22 January 2020. For details, please refer
            to the announcement of the Company dated 22 January 2020. In the year ended 31 December 2020, no Board meeting and general meeting was held before
            his appointment took effect.


Corporate Governance
The Board has carried out its duties and responsibilities as set out in D.3 of the CG Code including the development of policies
and practices on corporate governance, monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
management, reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
the code of conduct applicable to the employees of the Company and the Directors, the compliance with the CG Code of the
Company and the disclosure in this report.

Training and support for Directors
In accordance with code provision A.6.5 of the CG Code with regards to continuous professional development, all Directors are
encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

Upon appointment to the Board, all newly appointed Directors have been provided with necessary induction training and materials to
ensure that they have proper understanding of the operation and business of the Company and their responsibilities under the relevant
laws, regulations and rules.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2020          /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                82




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement
                                     To further ensure that all Directors are adequately informed about the Company’s business and operations as well as their
                                     responsibilities under relevant laws, rules and regulations, the Company Secretary regularly provides all Directors regarding the
                                     Company’s most recent performance as well as updates on latest amendments and developments to the Listing Rules and other
                                     relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company has organised




     President’s Statement
                                     training in respect of the latest updates with the Listing Rules.

                                     The Directors who held office for the year ended 31 December 2020 received the following training during the same period according
                                     to the records provided by the Directors:

                                                                                                                        TYPES OF TRAINING:

                                                                                                                       Reading of materials




     Distribution of Projects
                                                                                                                       in respect of updates
                                                                                              Attendance for           on the Company’s         Visit to power
                                                                                              trainings/seminars/      business, duties         plants and
                                                                                              meetings in respect      and responsibilities     facilities and
                                                                                              of the Company’s         of Directors             their respective
                                                                                              business or duties of    and regulatory           management
                                     Directors                                                Directors                requirements             personnel



  Financial and
                                     Chairman and Non-executive Director:
                                     Mr. Chen Sui                                                        ✓                         ✓                        ✓


Operating Highlights
                                     Executive Directors:
                                     Mr. Li Yilun (President)                                            ✓                         ✓                        ✓
                                     Mr. Zhang Zhiwu (appointed on 22 January 2020)                      ✓                         ✓                        ✓

                                     Non-executive Directors:

     Management
                                     Mr. Yao Wei (resigned on 22 January 2020)                           N/A                      N/A                      N/A
                                     Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March 2021)                            ✓                        ✓                        ✓
                                     Mr. Xia Linquan (appointed on 24 March 2021)                        N/A                      N/A                      N/A


Discussion and Analysis
                                     Independent Non-executive Directors:
                                     Mr. Wang Minhao                                                     ✓                         ✓
                                     Mr. Yang Xiaosheng                                                  ✓                         ✓
                                     Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick                                       ✓                         ✓


Biographies of Directors             Directors’ insurance

and Senior Management
                                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company has arranged for appropriate liability insurance for the Directors to cover their
                                     liabilities arising out of corporate activities.


                                     Compliance with the Model Code for Directors’ securities transactions



     Report of the Directors
                                     The Company has adopted its own Code for Securities Transactions by Directors (the “Company Code”), which are on terms no less
                                     exacting than those set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to
                                     the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”), as a code of conduct for dealing in securities of the Company by the Directors. Having made
                                     specific enquiries, all the Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code and the Company Code during the year
                                     ended 31 December 2020.




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        83




Corporate Governance Report

BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration
Committee”), a nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) and an investment and risk management committee (the
“Investment and Risk Management Committee”) (collectively, the “Board Committees”). The terms of reference of the Board
Committees are posted on the websites of the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”),
respectively. Members of the Board Committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable
request, are able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.




                                                             Board



                                                                                                 Investment and
                      Audit                  Remuneration                Nomination
                                                                                                Risk Management
                    Committee                 Committee                  Committee
                                                                                                   Committee




Audit Committee
As of 31 December 2020, the Audit Committee of the Company was chaired by Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick (independent non-
executive Director), and the members are Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March 2021, former non-executive Director) and Mr. Yang
Xiaosheng (independent non-executive Director). Mr. Xia Linquan was appointed, inter alia , as a member of the Audit Committee on 24
March 2021.

The majority of the members of the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors. The major duties of the Audit
Committee are as follows:

Relationship with the Company’s external auditors
(a)     to be primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the
        external auditors, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any questions of its
        resignation or dismissal;

(b)     to consider the plan for each year’s audit submitted by the external auditors and discuss the same at a meeting if necessary;

(c)     to review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process in
        accordance with applicable standards;

(d)     to discuss with the auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit commences;

(e)     to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit services. For this purpose, “external
        auditor” includes any entity that is under common control, ownership or management with the audit firm or any entity that a
        reasonable and informed third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part of the audit firm
        nationally or internationally. The Audit Committee should report to the Board, identifying and making recommendations on any
        matters where action or improvement is needed;




                                                                    Annual Report 2020    /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                84




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     Review of the financial information of the Company
                                     (f)    to monitor integrity of the Company’s financial statements and annual reports and accounts, half-year reports and, if prepared
                                            for publication, quarterly reports, and to review significant financial reporting judgments contained in them. In reviewing these




     President’s Statement
                                            reports before submission to the Board, the Audit Committee shall focus particularly on:

                                            (i)     any changes in accounting policies and practices;

                                            (ii)    major judgmental areas;

                                            (iii)   significant adjustments resulting from audit;




     Distribution of Projects
                                            (iv)    the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;

                                            (v)     compliance with accounting standards; and

                                            (vi)    compliance with the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;

                                     (g)    in regard to (f) above:



  Financial and
                                            (i)     members of the Audit Committee should liaise with the Board and senior management and the Audit Committee must
                                                    meet, at least twice a year, with the Company’s auditors; and



Operating Highlights
                                            (ii)    the Audit Committee shall consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be, reflected in the
                                                    reports and accounts and should give due consideration to any matters that have been raised by the Company’s staff
                                                    responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function, internal auditors or external auditors;

                                     Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system and internal control systems

     Management                      (h)    to review the Company’s financial controls, internal control systems and risk management;



Discussion and Analysis
                                     (i)    to discuss the internal control systems with management to ensure that management has performed its duty to have effective
                                            systems. This discussion should include the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
                                            and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;

                                     (j)    to consider major investigation findings on internal control matters as delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and


Biographies of Directors
                                            management’s response to these findings;

                                     (k)    to ensure co-ordination between the internal and external auditors, and to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately


and Senior Management
                                            resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its effectiveness;

                                     (l)    to review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices;

                                     (m)    to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor to management about




     Report of the Directors
                                            accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and management’s response;

                                     (n)    to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the external auditor’s management letter;

                                     (o)    to review arrangements which employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise concerns about possible
                                            improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters. The Audit Committee should ensure that proper
                                            arrangements are in place for fair and independent investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action;

                                     (p)    to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relations with the external auditor;

Corporate Governance                 (q)    to review the continuing connected transactions to ensure compliance with the terms approved by shareholders of the
                                            Company (the “Shareholders”);

       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                           85




Corporate Governance Report

(r)     to establish whistleblowing policies and systems to allow employees and others who have dealings with the Company (such
        as customers and suppliers) to raise their concerns in secret to the Audit Committee about any possible improper matters
        regarding the Company;

(s)     to report to the Board on the above matters; and

(t)     to consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee adopted by the Company are in line with the provisions of the CG Code, a copy of
which was posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, respectively.

During the year ended 31 December 2020, five Audit Committee meetings were held, inter alia , to review the 2019 annual results, the
change of auditor of the Company, the 2020 interim results and the internal control of the Group. The attendance records are set out
under the section headed “Number of meetings and Directors’ attendance” in this report. A recent meeting of the Audit Committee was
held on 19 March 2021 to consider the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, the external
auditor’s independence and objectivity, the effectiveness of the audit process and the Group’s internal control system, which covers all
material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management functions.

Mr. Yao Wei has resigned, inter alia , as a member of the Audit Committee on 22 January 2020, and Mr. Xing Ping was appointed, inter
alia , as a member of the Audit Committee on the same day. All the then members of the Audit Committee, i.e. Mr. Xing Ping (former
non-executive Director), Mr. Yang Xiaosheng and Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick attended the said recent meeting.


Remuneration Committee
As of 31 December 2020, the Remuneration Committee was chaired by Mr. Wang Minhao (independent non-executive Director) and
the members were Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March 2021, former non-executive Director) and Mr. Yang Xiaosheng (independent
non-executive Director). Mr. Xia Linquan was appointed, inter alia , as a member of the Remuneration Committee on 24 March 2021.

The majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee are independent non-executive Directors. The major duties of the
Remuneration Committee are as follows:

(a)     to assess, review and make recommendations once a year or as and when required, to the Board in respect of the
        remuneration packages and overall benefits for the Directors;

(b)     to make recommendations to the Board in relation to all consultancy agreements and service contracts or any variations,
        renewals or modifications thereof, entered into between the Company and the Directors or any associate company of any of
        them;

(c)     to consider what details of the remuneration/benefits of the Directors should be reported in the Company’s annual reports and
        accounts in addition to those required by law and how those details should be presented;

(d)     to make recommendations to the Board on the policy and structure for remuneration of all Directors and senior management
        and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy;

(e)     to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
        objectives;

(f)     to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
        management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments (including any compensation payable for
        loss or termination of their office or appointment);

(g)     to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

(h)     to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities as well as employment conditions
        of other positions in the Group;




                                                                     Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                86




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement
                                     (i)     to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or termination
                                             of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and reasonable and not
                                             excessive;




     President’s Statement
                                     (j)     to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that
                                             they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate; and

                                     (k)     to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

                                     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee adopted by the Company are in line with the provisions of the CG Code, a
                                     copy of which was posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, respectively.




     Distribution of Projects
                                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, three Remuneration Committee meetings were held, inter alia , to review the remuneration
                                     structure and packages of the Directors and senior management, and consider the emoluments of executive Director. The attendance
                                     records are set out under the section headed “Number of meetings and Directors’ attendance” in this report. A recent meeting of the
                                     Remuneration Committee was held on 19 March 2021 to consider and review, among others, the Group’s policy and structure for all
                                     Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration, the current remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management of the
                                     Company and consider the emoluments of non-executive Director.

                                     All the then members of the Remuneration Committee, i.e. Mr. Xing Ping (former non-executive Director), Mr. Wang Minhao and Mr.


  Financial and
                                     Yang Xiaosheng attended the said recent meeting.


                                     Nomination Committee
Operating Highlights
                                     As of 31 December 2020, the Nomination Committee was chaired by Mr. Chen Sui (chairman and non-executive Director) and the
                                     members were Mr. Wang Minhao (independent non-executive Director) and Mr. Yang Xiaosheng (independent non-executive Director).




     Management
                                     The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are independent non-executive Directors. The major duties of the
                                     Nomination Committee are as follows:

                                     (a)     to review the structure, size, composition and diversity (including gender, age, cultural and education background, ethnicity,

Discussion and Analysis
                                             skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually and to make recommendations on any proposed changes to
                                             the Board to complement the corporate strategy of the Company;

                                     (b)     to develop the criteria for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for directorship, including
                                             but not limited to assessing the balance of skills, knowledge and experience as well as diversification of Board members, and

Biographies of Directors
                                             based on the assessment results, to prepare a description of the roles and capabilities required for individual appointments;

                                     (c)     to identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and to select or make recommendations to the Board


and Senior Management
                                             on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

                                     (d)     to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;

                                     (e)     to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for




     Report of the Directors
                                             Directors, in particular the chairman and the president of the Company;

                                     (f)     to do any such things to enable the Nomination Committee to discharge its powers and functions conferred on it by the Board;

                                     (g)     to conform to any requirement, direction, and regulation that may from time to time be prescribed by the Board or contained in
                                             the Bye-laws or imposed by the Listing Rules or applicable law; and

                                     (h)     to review the Board’s diversity policy, as appropriate; and review the measurable objectives that the Board has set for


Corporate Governance
                                             implementing the Board’s diversity policy.

                                     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee adopted by the Company are in line with the provisions of the CG Code, a copy


       Report
                                     of which was posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, respectively.




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                          87




Corporate Governance Report

Where vacancy on the Board exists, the Nomination Committee will carry out a selection process by making reference to the skills,
experience, professional knowledge, personal integrity and time commitments of the proposed candidates, the Company’s needs
and other relevant statutory requirements and regulations, and select or make recommendations to the Board on the selection of
candidates for directorship.

The Board has also adopted a Board diversity policy. Below is a summary of the policy:

“The Board recognizes that board diversity is an essential element contributing to the sustainable development of the Company
and enhances Board effectiveness and corporate governance. In determining the optimum composition of the Board, all Board
appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, with due regard for the
benefits of diversity on the Board. The Board aims to maintain a Board which has an appropriate mix of diversity, skills, experience and
expertise, as well as a balanced composition of executive and non-executive directors (including independent non-executive directors)
so that there is also independent element on the Board.”

The Company has an unwavering commitment to talent as a prime resource for development. Selection of candidates will be based
on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
experience, industry experience, skills, knowledge and length of service in related business areas.

During the year ended 31 December 2020, two Nomination Committee meetings were held, inter alia , to review the structure, size
composition and diversity of the Board and to consider, nominate and recommend appointment and reappointment of Directors. The
attendance records are set out under the section headed “Number of meetings and Directors’ attendance” in this report. A recent
meeting of the Nomination Committee was held on 19 March 2021 to consider and review, among others, the composition of the
Board, succession planning for the Directors, the Board’s diversity policy, and consider and recommend the change of director and
member of board committees of the Company.

As at the date of this report, the following table and paragraph illustrates the composition and diversity of the Board in terms of
four objective criteria, namely (i) age group, (ii) cultural and educational background, (iii) professional experience and (iv) industry
experience, skills and knowledge.

                     Age group                           Cultural and educational background                       Professional experience
                                                                                                                         Accounting,
                                                      Bachelor’s        Master’s          Doctoral                        Economics
                                                         degree          degree            degree                                and          Corporate
      40 to 49        50 to 59         60 to 69          holder          holder             holder       Engineering         Finance         Governance


         14%             43%              43%               29%              57%               14%              57%              29%               14%

In addition to the above table, each of the Directors has at least one of the following industry experience, skills or knowledge:

(a)        Experience of new energy-related industry;

(b)        Strategic planning;

(c)        Investment and risk management;

(d)        Corporate management (including internal control, operations, assets and other aspects);

(e)        Legal and compliance;

(f)        Financial (including accounting, finance, corporate finance, tax, etc.);

(g)        Negotiation and execution of commercial contracts;

(h)        Public management and venture management;

(i)        Environmental protection;

(j)        Experience in management of listed companies;



                                                                           Annual Report 2020        /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                88




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement
                                     (k)     Familiarity with the business environment of China; and

                                     (l)     Familiarity with the business environment of Hong Kong and the international business environment.




     President’s Statement
                                     The Nomination Committee considers that the existing composition of the Board is diversified, taking into account the nature and
                                     scope of the Group’s operations, specific needs as well as the different background of our Directors. Furthermore, the Nomination
                                     Committee recommends that the diversity of the Board in terms of (i) cultural and educational background, (ii) professional experience,
                                     and (iii) industry experience, skills and knowledge should be maintained, and that the Board should adopt these criteria as the basis for
                                     the selection and assessment of candidates for Directors by the Nomination Committee in the future.


                                     Investment and Risk Management Committee



     Distribution of Projects
                                     As of 31 December 2020, the Investment and Risk Management Committee was chaired by Mr. Xing Ping (resigned on 24 March
                                     2021, former non-executive Director), and the members were Mr. Yang Xiaosheng (independent non-executive Director) and Mr. Leung
                                     Chi Ching Frederick (independent non-executive Director). Mr. Xia Linquan was appointed, inter alia , as a chairman of the Investment
                                     and Risk Management Committee on 24 March 2021.

                                     All of the members of the Investment and Risk Management Committee are non-executive Directors. The major duties of the
                                     Investment and Risk Management Committee are as follows:


  Financial and
                                     (a)     to review major investment and strategy and objectives of project financing of the Company;

                                     (b)     to review any major investment, financing proposal and operating project matters of the Company that are subject to approval

Operating Highlights
                                             by the Board in accordance with the “Board of Directors Delegation of Authority Manual”;

                                     (c)     to review the development and objectives of the Company’s risk management system;




     Management
                                     (d)     to supervise the soundness, reasonableness and effectiveness of the risk management system, and instruct the
                                             comprehensive risk management of the Company;

                                     (e)     to study the risks of significant matters in major investment and financing activities and operation management of the

Discussion and Analysis
                                             Company and make necessary recommendations to the Board;

                                     (f)     to study the significant investigation results and feedbacks from the management concerning the risk management of the
                                             Company; and



Biographies of Directors
                                     (g)     to handle other matters in relation to investment or risk management as delegated by the Board.

                                     The terms of reference of the Investment and Risk Management Committee adopted by the Company are in line with the provisions of


and Senior Management
                                     the CG Code, a copy of which was posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, respectively.

                                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, four Investment and Risk Management Committee meetings were held to review the
                                     proposed investment project of the Group. The attendance records are set out under the section headed “Number of meetings and
                                     Directors’ attendance” in this report. A recent meeting of the Investment and Risk Management Committee was held on 19 March




     Report of the Directors
                                     2021 to consider and review, among others, the Comprehensive Risk Management Report and the Risk Management Evaluation
                                     Report of the Group.

                                     Mr. Yao Wei has resigned, inter alia , as the chairman of the Investment and Risk Management Committee on 22 January 2020, and
                                     Mr. Xing Ping and Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick were appointed, inter alia , as the chairman and a member of the Investment and Risk
                                     Management Committee, respectively, on the same day. All the then members of the Investment and Risk Management Committee,
                                     i.e. Mr. Xing Ping (former non-executive Director), Mr. Yang Xiaosheng and Mr. Leung Chi Ching Frederick attended the said recent
                                     meeting.


Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.         /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        89




Corporate Governance Report

Company Secretary
Mr. Lee Kin, the company secretary of the Company, is a full time employee of the Group and has day-to-day knowledge of the
Company’s affairs. Mr. Lee Kin was appointed as the Company Secretary on 26 January 2015. Mr. Lee Kin complied with the relevant
professional training requirement under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules during his term of office in the year ended 31 December 2020.
The biographical details of Mr. Lee Kin is set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” in this
report.


FINANCIAL REPORTING AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Financial reporting
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of accounts for each financial period which give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group. In preparing the accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020. The Directors have
selected suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently, adopted appropriate International Financial Reporting Standards,
International Accounting Standards amendments to standards and the related interpretations, made adjustments and estimates that
are prudent and reasonable, and have prepared the accounts on a going concern basis. The Directors are not aware of any material
uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern.

The statement by the external auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities is set out in the section headed
“Independent Auditor’s Report” in this report.


External auditor’s remuneration
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (“Deloitte”) had ceased to be the Company’s external auditor for the year ended 31 December 2020 with
effect from 29 June 2020 as the controlling shareholder of the Company, CGN, is a state-owned enterprise and had continuously
engaged Deloitte as its auditor since 2012. To comply with the relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s
Republic of China and the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People’s
Republic of China regarding engagement of accounting firms by state-owned enterprises, the Company did not further engage
Deloitte as its auditor. With recommendation from the Audit Committee, the Board has resolved to appoint KPMG as the Company’s
external auditor with effect from 29 June 2020 and to hold office until the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting of
the Company. For more details of the change of external auditor from Deloitte to KPMG, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 29 June 2020. The Audit Committee has been notified of the scope, nature and the service charges of the audit and
non-audit services performed by Deloitte and KPMG (for their respective period of engagement in the year ended 31 December 2020)
and considered that these audit and non-audit services have no adverse effect on the independence of Deloitte and KPMG (for their
respective period of engagement in the year ended 31 December 2020). There was no disagreement between the Board and the Audit
Committee on the selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of Deloitte and KPMG.

The remuneration paid to Deloitte in respect of audit and non-audit services for the year ended 31 December 2020 and up to 28 June
2020 is set out below:

Type of services provided by Deloitte                                                                             Amount of fees
                                                                                                                       HK$’000

Audit services                                                                                                                930
Non-audit services                                                                                                             63


Total                                                                                                                         993


The major non-audit services provided by Deloitte mainly included filing of local income tax report.




                                                                     Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                90




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement
                                     The remuneration paid to KPMG in respect of audit and non-audit services for the year ended 31 December 2020 commencing from
                                     29 June 2020 is set out below:

                                     Type of services provided by KPMG                                                                                   Amount of fees




     President’s Statement
                                                                                                                                                              HK$’000

                                     Audit services                                                                                                                 3,049
                                     Non-audit services                                                                                                             1,411


                                     Total                                                                                                                          4,460




     Distribution of Projects
                                     The major non-audit services provided by KPMG mainly include issuing comfort letters on sufficiency of working capital of the
                                     Company for major transactions and very substantial acquisitions occurred in 2020.


                                     Risk management and internal control
                                     The Board has the responsibility of evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving the
                                     Group’s strategic objectives, ensuring that the Group establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and
                                     internal control systems, and overseeing management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and

  Financial and
                                     internal control systems, and management should provide a confirmation to the Board on the effectiveness of these systems on
                                     an ongoing basis. The Board should ensure that a review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control


Operating Highlights
                                     systems has been conducted at least annually. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
                                     achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

                                     The Directors have reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management systems. The internal control
                                     system includes a defined management structure with segregation of duties and the implementation and continuous review of an


     Management
                                     internal control manual. The Board, through the Audit Committee, engaged external professional service providers to conduct annual
                                     reviews on the Group’s internal control system and make recommendations for strengthening such systems. The results of the review
                                     for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been reported to the Audit Committee and the Board. No material deficiencies have been
                                     identified so far and there were no significant areas of concern which may affect the Shareholders.

Discussion and Analysis              A framework has been established for prudent and effective controls to enable risks to be identified, evaluated and managed.
                                     Procedures have been designed for the management of financial, strategic and operational risk management functions. The
                                     procedures provide reasonable assurance against material untrue statement or losses and to monitor the risks existing in the course of
                                     arriving at the Group’s objectives.

Biographies of Directors             The Board is satisfied that, based on information furnished to it and on its own observations, the risk management and internal control
                                     systems are effective and adequate.


and Senior Management                The Company is aware of its disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules and the Inside Information provisions under the Securities
                                     and Futures Ordinance and has put in place the proper procedure to ensure that any perceived inside information would be announced
                                     to the investing public on a timely basis.




     Report of the Directors
                                     The Company has an internal audit function.

                                     The Audit Committee, inter alia , reviews the financial controls, risk management and internal controls systems of the Group and any
                                     significant internal control issues identified by the internal audit department, external auditors and management. The Audit Committee
                                     also considers the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting
                                     functions and internal audit function and their training programmes and budgets.

                                     The Investment and Risk Management Committee reviews the development and objective of the Company’s risk management system.


Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        91




Corporate Governance Report

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company believes that effective communication with the Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’
understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Group also recognizes the importance of transparency and
timely disclosure of corporate information, which enable the Shareholders and investors to make appropriate investment decisions.

Shareholders are provided with contact details of the Company’s public relations firm and share registrar, such as telephone hotline,
fax number, email address and postal address, in order to enable them to make any query that they may have with respect to the
Company.

Shareholders or investors can contact the public relations firm of the Company, Wonderful Sky Financial Group Limited, to make
enquiry or to provide suggestions, of which the contact details are as follows:

Tel:     (852) 3970 2106
Fax:     (852) 3102 0210
Email:   cgnne@wsfg.hk

In addition, Shareholders can contact Tricor Investor Services Limited, the Hong Kong branch share registrar of the Company, at
Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong, if they have any enquiries about their shares of the Company and
dividends.

The members of the Board and the Board Committees and KPMG are expected to be present to answer the Shareholders’ questions
in annual general meetings of the Company (the “AGM”). Meeting circulars are distributed to all Shareholders before AGM and special
general meetings of the Company (the “SGM”) in accordance with the timeline requirement as laid down in the Listing Rules and the
Bye-laws.

As a channel to promote effective communication, the Group maintains a website where information on the Company’s
announcements, financial information and other information are posted.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The Company’s AGM is one of the principal channels of communication with its shareholders. It provides an opportunity for
shareholders to communicate face to face with the Directors about the Company’s performance and operations. The 2020 AGM was
held on 9 June 2020 at Boardroom 6, Mezzanine Floor, Renaissance Harbour View Hotel Hong Kong, 1 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong
Kong.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
Pursuant to rule 13.90 of the Listing Rules, the Company has published on the Company’s website and the website of the Stock
Exchange its Bye-laws. During the year ended 31 December 2020, no amendments were made to the Bye-laws of the Company.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                92




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     Resolutions passed at the 2020 AGM
                                     Separate resolutions were proposed at the 2020 AGM on each substantive issue and the percentage of votes cast in favour of such




     President’s Statement
                                     resolutions is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                                 Resolutions proposed at the 2020 AGM                                                                 Votes in Favour


                                     1.          To receive and consider the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company, the                       100%
                                                 Report of the Directors and the Independent Auditor’s Report for the year ended 31 December
                                                 2019




     Distribution of Projects
                                     2.(a)       To re-elect Mr. Chen Sui as a non-executive director of the Company                                           99.76%

                                     2.(b)       To re-elect Mr. Li Yilun as an executive director of the Company                                              99.87%

                                     2.(c)       To re-elect Mr. Zhang Zhiwu as an executive director of the Company                                           99.87%

                                     2.(d)       To re-elect Mr. Yang Xiaosheng as an independent non-executive director of the Company                        99.94%


  Financial and
                                     2.(e)       To authorise the Board to fix the remuneration of the Directors                                                 100%



Operating Highlights
                                     3.          To re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor and authorize the Board to fix its                            100%
                                                 remuneration

                                     4.          To grant a general mandate to the Directors to repurchase Shares                                                100%



     Management
                                     5.          To grant a general mandate to the Directors to issue Shares                                                   95.67%

                                     6.          To extend the Issue Mandate by adding thereto the number of Shares repurchased by the                         95.70%


Discussion and Analysis
                                                 Company pursuant to the Repurchase Mandate

                                     Accordingly, all resolutions put to shareholders at the 2020 AGM were passed. The results of the voting by poll were published on the
                                     websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, respectively.




Biographies of Directors
                                     DIVIDEND POLICY
                                     The Board has adopted a dividend policy. For details, please refer to the section headed “Dividend Policy” in the Report of the

and Senior Management
                                     Directors in this annual report.




     Report of the Directors




Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             93




Corporate Governance Report

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Convening of SGM and requisition by the Shareholders
The following procedures are subject to the Company’s Bye-laws, the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, applicable legislation and
regulation and the Company’s policy on shareholders’ rights.

Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying
the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition sent to the Company’s
registered office at Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda and its principal place of business in Hong Kong
at 15/F, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Board or the Company Secretary of the
Company, to require a SGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such
meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. The written requisition must state the purposes of the
general meeting, signed by the shareholder(s) concerned and may consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or
more of those shareholders. If the requisition is in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to convene a SGM by serving
sufficient notice in accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders. On the contrary, if the requisition is
invalid, the shareholders concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, a SGM will not be convened as requested.


Procedures for making proposals by the Shareholders other than a proposal
of a person for election as director
The following procedures are subject to the Company’s Bye-laws, the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, applicable legislation and
regulation and the Company’s policy on shareholders’ rights.

The Company holds an AGM every year, and may hold a general meeting known as a special general meeting whenever necessary.
Shareholder(s) of the Company holding (i) not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all shareholders having the right to
vote at the general meeting; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders, can submit a written request stating the resolution intended to be
moved at the AGM; or a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution
or the business to be dealt with at a particular general meeting. The written request/statements must be signed by the shareholder(s)
concerned and deposited at the Company’s registered office at Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda and
its principal place of business in Hong Kong at 15/F, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of
the Company Secretary of the Company, not less than six weeks before the AGM in the case of a requisition requiring notice of a
resolution and not less than one week before the general meeting in the case of any other requisition. If the written request is in order,
the Company Secretary will ask the Board (i) to include the resolution in the agenda for the AGM; or (ii) to circulate the statement
for the general meeting, provided that the shareholder(s) concerned have deposited a sum of money reasonably determined by the
Board sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement submitted
by the shareholder(s) concerned in accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders. On the contrary, if
the requisition is invalid or the shareholder(s) concerned have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the Company’s expenses for
the said purposes, the shareholder(s) concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the proposed resolution will not be
included in the agenda for the AGM; or the statement will not be circulated for the general meeting.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                94




                                     Corporate Governance Report
     Chairman’s Statement

                                     Procedures for Shareholders to propose a Person for Election as a Director
                                     The following procedures are subject to the Company’s Bye-laws, the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, applicable legislation and




     President’s Statement
                                     regulation and the Company’s policy on the procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director.

                                     1.     If a shareholder of the Company who is duly qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting convened to deal with
                                            appointment/election of director(s), wishes to propose a person (other than the shareholder himself/herself) for election as a
                                            director (the “Candidate”) at that meeting, he/she can deposit a written notice at the Company’s principal place of business in
                                            Hong Kong at 15/F, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.

                                     2.     In order for the Company to inform all shareholders of that proposal, the written notice must state the full name of the person




     Distribution of Projects
                                            proposed for election as a director, his/her biographical details as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed
                                            by the shareholder concerned and that person indicating his/her willingness to be elected.

                                     3.     A sample form of the notice to be executed and signed by the shareholder(s) for such proposal can be found from the website
                                            of the Company.

                                     4.     A sample form of the notice to be executed and signed by the Candidate can also be found from the website of the Company
                                            setting out, amongst other things, his/her willingness to be elected together with the information of the Candidate as required
                                            by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules as follows:

  Financial and                             (i)     full name and age;


Operating Highlights
                                            (ii)    positions held with the Company and/or other members of the Company (if any);

                                            (iii)   experience including (i) other directorships held in the past three years in public companies the securities of which
                                                    are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas, and (ii) other major appointments and professional


     Management
                                                    qualifications;

                                            (iv)    length or proposed length of service with the Company;



Discussion and Analysis
                                            (v)     relationships with any directors, senior management, substantial shareholders or controlling shareholders (as defined
                                                    under the Listing Rules) of the Company, or an appropriate negative statement;

                                            (vi)    interests in shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, or an
                                                    appropriate negative statement; and

Biographies of Directors                    (vii)   a declaration made by the Candidate in respect of the information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2)
                                                    (h) to (w) of the Listing Rules, or an appropriate negative statement to that effect where there is no information to be


and Senior Management
                                                    disclosed pursuant to any of such requirements nor there are any other matters relating to that Candidate’s standing
                                                    for election as a director that should be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company.

                                     5.     The period for lodgement of the written notice will commence no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the
                                            general meeting and end no later than seven (7) clear days prior to the date of such general meeting. If the notice is received




     Report of the Directors
                                            less than fifteen (15) business days prior to that general meeting, the Company will need to consider adjournment of the
                                            general meeting in order to (i) assess the suitability of the proposed Candidate; and (ii) publish an announcement or circulate
                                            a supplementary circular in relation to the proposal to the shareholders at least fourteen (14) clear days and not less than ten
                                            (10) business days prior to the general meeting.

                                     6.     Shareholders who have enquires about the above procedures or have enquires to put to the Board may write to the Company
                                            Secretary at 15/F, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.



Corporate Governance




       Report




                                     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             95




Independent Auditor’s Report



Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders
CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 99 to 190, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position
as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement
of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical requirements that
are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in Bermuda, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
96




     Independent Auditor’s Report

     KEY AUDIT MATTER
     Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgement, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
     statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a
     whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.


     Impairment assessment of goodwill
     Refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on note 2(f) and 2(k)(ii).

     The Key Audit Matter                                                 How the matter was addressed in our audit

     As set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, as   Our audit procedures to assess the impairment of goodwill included the following:
     at 31 December 2020, the Group has goodwill of approximately
     US$169,241,000 relating to groups of cash-generating units           •         assessing the management’s identification of CGUs, the allocation of assets to each
     (“CGUs”) comprising subsidiaries engaged in generating and                     CGU and the methodology adopted by management in its impairment assessments
     supplying electricity through solar energy and wind energy in the              with reference to the requirements of prevailing accounting standards;
     Peoples’ Republic of China (the “PRC”), which are tested for
     impairment annually.                                                 •         evaluating the competence, experience, capability and objectivity of the external
                                                                                    valuer engaged by management to perform the valuation of the relevant CGUs;
     In performing impairment assessments, management engaged an
     external valuer to assess the recoverable amounts of the relevant    •         evaluating the assumptions adopted in the preparation of discounted cash flow
     CGUs using value in use method by preparing discounted cash                    forecasts for the purpose of the impairment assessment of goodwill, including
     flow forecasts derived from the most recent financial forecast                 projected future growth rates for income and expenses, with reference to our
     approved by the management. Management compared carrying                       understanding of the business, historical trends and available industry information and
     value of each of the separately identifiable CGUs with their                   available market data;
     respective recoverable amounts to determine if any impairment
     loss should be recognized.                                           •         involving our internal valuation specialists to evaluate management’s valuation
                                                                                    methodology adopted in the impairment assessment with reference to the
     As disclosed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements,              requirements of the prevailing accounting standards; and assess whether the
     the Group recognized an impairment loss on goodwill of                         discount rates applied in the cash flow forecasts prepared for the purpose of
     US$8,995,000 as at 31 December 2020.                                           assessing the impairment of goodwill were within the range adopted by other
                                                                                    companies operating in the same industry;
     The recoverable amounts are based on value in use calculations
     using discounted cash flow model, which require significant          •         comparing the significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow forecasts
     assumptions and estimates with respect to the discount rates and               and actual results for the current year with management’s forecast in the previous
     the forecasted cash flows, in particular the budgeted sales and                year in order to assess the reliability of historical accuracy of management’s
     gross margins, taking into account the management expectations                 forecasting process and whether this is any indication of management bias;
     for the power industry in the PRC.
                                                                          •         evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by management for each of the key
     We identified the assessment of potential impairment of goodwill               assumptions adopted in the discounted cash flow forecast and considering the
     as a key audit matter because the impairment assessments                       possibility of error or management bias; and
     performed by management involve certain critical judgements in
     respect of the assumptions made which are inherently uncertain       •         assessing the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements in respect of
     and could be subject to management bias.                                       impairment testing of goodwill with reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                                                    accounting standards.


     INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
     annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
     assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
     so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
     obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                  /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             97




Independent Auditor’s Report

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a
body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

•       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
        design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
        to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
        one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
        internal control.

•       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
        circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
        disclosures made by the directors.

•       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
        evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
        the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
        attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
        inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
        report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
98




     Independent Auditor’s Report

     •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
             whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
             presentation.

     •       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
             Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
             performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant
     audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
     independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
     independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
     the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
     matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
     circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
     would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Maggie L. T. Lee.




     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants
     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     24 March 2021




     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.         /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                   99


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
for the year ended 31 December 2020



                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                            Notes               US$’000               US$’000

Revenue                                                                       4                1,149,892            1,276,281


Operating expenses:
  Coal, oil and gas                                                                             492,510               698,265
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                 193,031               159,831
  Repair and maintenance                                                                         30,447                40,675
  Staff costs                                                                                    85,835                76,524
  Others                                                                      5                  60,602                69,368


Total operating expenses                                                                        862,425             1,044,663


Operating profit                                                                                 287,467               231,618
Other income                                                                  6                   26,318                 23,157
Other gains and losses                                                        7                  (11,089)               (25,093)
Finance costs                                                                 8                 (145,005)             (122,120)
Share of results of associates                                                                    29,342                 32,807
Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                              39                  18,135                    548


Profit before taxation                                                                          205,168               140,917
Income tax                                                                    9                 (37,533)              (41,564)


Profit for the year                                                           10                167,635                 99,353


Other comprehensive income for the year

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Remeasurement of net defined benefit retirement obligation                 13                  (1,328)                     –
Items that are/may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference arising on translation of foreign operations                             132,650                (37,470)
   Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments
      recognized during the year                                                                  (2,159)               13,568
   Deferred tax credited/(charged) arising on fair value change on
      hedging instruments                                                                           522                 (3,283)
   Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit or loss
      – release of hedging reserve                                                                  (120)                 (122)
      – deferred tax credit arising on release of hedging reserve                                     29                    29
      – release of cumulative (gains)/losses of translation reserve to
          profit or loss upon disposal of a subsidiary                        39                  (2,198)                  126


Other comprehensive income for the year                                                         127,396                (27,152)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         295,031                 72,201




                                                                      Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
100


      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
      Other Comprehensive Income
      for the year ended 31 December 2020



                                                                                                       2020                    2019
                                                                               Note                 US$’000                 US$’000

      Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                                                          162,087                 111,207
        Non-controlling interests                                                                     5,548                 (11,854)


                                                                                                    167,635                  99,353


      Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                                                          283,170                   85,988
        Non-controlling interests                                                                    11,861                  (13,787)


                                                                                                    295,031                  72,201


      Earnings per Share                                                        12
        – Basic (US cents)                                                                              3.78                    2.59


        – Diluted (US cents)                                                                            3.78                    2.59




      The notes on pages 107 to 190 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of the
      Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 36(b).


      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.             /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                              101




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
at 31 December 2020



                                                                              2020                  2019
                                                       Notes               US$’000               US$’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                            14               4,747,312            3,491,680
Right-of-use assets                                      15                  86,637               85,826
Goodwill                                                 16                 169,241              167,236
Interests in associates                                  17                 206,083              190,608
Derivative financial instruments                         25                   5,445                8,667
Contract assets                                          22                       –               80,031
Deferred tax assets                                      18                  21,794               21,134
Other non-current assets                                 19                 505,065              338,821


                                                                          5,741,577            4,384,003


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                              20                 24,445                28,583
Trade receivables                                        21                430,273               327,295
Contract assets                                          22                146,637                     –
Other receivables and prepayments                        23                 91,946                76,955
Amounts due from associates                              24                      –                 3,377
Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                     24                  6,229                 5,529
Tax recoverable                                          18                    216                 3,973
Derivative financial instruments                         25                  1,832                   566
Pledged bank deposits                                    26                134,527               141,833
Short-term bank deposits                                 26                      –                 2,594
Bank balances and cash                                   26                398,850               384,141


                                                                          1,234,955              974,846
Non-current assets classified as held for sale           27                       –               20,318


                                                                          1,234,955              995,164


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade payables                                           28                 70,704               242,771
Contract liabilities                                     34                  2,717                 1,980
Other payables and accruals                              29                398,024               332,699
Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                       24                  8,738                 8,412
Amounts due to non-controlling shareholders
– due within one year                                    24                   7,365                8,590
Loans from fellow subsidiaries
– due within one year                                    30                521,268               372,696
Loan from the ultimate holding company
– due within one year                                    30                295,790                     –
Bank borrowings – due within one year                    31                721,579               576,214
Lease liabilities – due within one year                  32                  3,900                 5,441
Government grants                                        33                    207                   810
Tax payable                                              18                  9,081                 9,599
Derivative financial instruments                         25                     63                   184


                                                                          2,039,436            1,559,396




                                                 Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
102




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      at 31 December 2020



                                                                                           2020         2019
                                                                               Notes    US$’000      US$’000

      NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                           (804,481)    (564,232)


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                            4,937,096    3,819,771


      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder
        – due after one year                                                    24         1,085         953
      Loans from fellow subsidiaries
        – due after one year                                                    30       533,482     700,000
      Loan from the ultimate holding company
        – due after one year                                                    30       122,607            –
      Bank borrowings - due after one year                                      31     2,889,265    2,021,683
      Lease liabilities - due after one year                                    32        27,022       24,901
      Government grants                                                         33         9,548        8,957
      Contract liabilities                                                      34             –           68
      Net defined benefit retirement obligation                                 13         2,792            –
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                  18        53,914       53,716
      Derivative financial instruments                                          25             –           46


                                                                                       3,639,715    2,810,324


      NET ASSETS                                                                       1,297,381    1,009,447


      CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                            36(c)          55          55
      Reserves                                                                         1,213,100     930,060


      Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                  1,213,155     930,115
      Non-controlling interests                                                           84,226      79,332


      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                     1,297,381    1,009,447


      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 24 March 2021.




                                  Chen Sui                                             Li Yilun
                                  Director                                             Director




      The notes on pages 107 to 190 form part of these financial statements.


      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                    103




Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended 31 December 2020



                                                                         Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                         Share      Other non-                                                                                 Non-
                                                    Share      Share    option     distributable           Hedging         Translation      Accumulated                  controlling       Total
                                                   capital   premium   reserve         reserves             reserve             reserve          profits    Sub-total      interests      equity
                                                                                  (note 36(d)(i))    (note 36(d)(ii))   (note 36(d)(iii))
                                                  US$’000    US$’000   US$’000         US$’000             US$’000             US$’000          US$’000     US$’000        US$’000     US$’000


At 1 January 2020                                      55    250,406         –           12,813               7,248             (48,476)        708,069      930,115         79,332    1,009,447



Profit for the year                                     –          –         –                 –                   –                   –        162,087      162,087          5,548     167,635
Exchange difference arising on translation of
  foreign operations                                    –          –         –                 –                   –            126,337                –     126,337          6,313     132,650
Fair value change on hedging instruments
  designated as cash flow hedge                         –          –         –                 –              (2,159)                  –               –       (2,159)            –       (2,159)
Deferred tax charge arising on fair value gain
  on hedging instruments                                –          –         –                 –                522                    –               –         522              –         522
Release of hedging reserve                              –          –         –                 –                (120)                  –               –        (120)             –        (120)
Deferred tax credit arising on release of
  hedging reserve                                       –          –         –                 –                  29                   –               –          29              –          29
Release of cumulative exchange losses
  upon disposal of a subsidiary (note 39)               –          –         –                 –                   –             (2,198)               –       (2,198)            –       (2,198)
Remeasurement of net defined
  benefit retirement obligation                         –          –         –                 –                   –                   –          (1,328)      (1,328)            –       (1,328)


Total comprehensive income for the year                 –          –         –                 –              (1,728)           124,139         160,759      283,170         11,861     295,031



Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders          –          –         –                 –                   –                   –               –            –        (4,618)      (4,618)
Transfer of other non-distributable reserves            –          –         –             9,399                   –                   –          (9,399)           –             –            –
Adjustment due to change in interests in an
  associate from share dilution                         –          –         –                57                   –                   –               –          57              –          57
Disposal of equity interests in a subsidiary            –          –         –                 –                   –                   –               –            –        (3,990)      (3,990)
Acquisition of equity interests in a subsidiary         –          –         –                 –                   –                   –           (187)        (187)           187            –
Capital contribution from non-controlling
  interests                                             –          –         –                 –                   –                   –               –            –         1,454       1,454


At 31 December 2020                                    55    250,406         –           22,269               5,520              75,663         859,242     1,213,155        84,226    1,297,381




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020                      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
104




      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      for the year ended 31 December 2020



                                                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                  Share        Other non-                                                                             Non-
                                                         Share         Share      option      distributable          Hedging         Translation      Accumulated                controlling       Total
                                                         capital   premium       reserve          reserves            reserve             reserve          profits   Sub-total     interests      equity
                                                                                             (note 36(d)(i))   (note 36(d)(ii))   (note 36(d)(iii))
                                                       US$’000     US$’000      US$’000          US$’000            US$’000              US$’000         US$’000     US$’000      US$’000       US$’000


      At 1 January 2019                                      55    250,406        2,565            11,929              (2,944)            (13,065)        616,884    865,830        88,454      954,284



      Profit for the year                                     –            –           –                  –                  –                   –        111,207    111,207       (11,854)      99,353
      Exchange difference arising on translation of
        foreign operations                                    –            –           –                  –                  –            (35,537)              –     (35,537)       (1,933)     (37,470)
      Fair value change on hedging instruments
        designated as cash flow hedge                         –            –           –                  –           13,568                     –              –      13,568             –      13,568
      Deferred tax charge arising on fair value gain
        on hedging instruments                                –            –           –                  –            (3,283)                   –              –      (3,283)            –       (3,283)
      Release of hedging reserve                              –            –           –                  –              (122)                   –              –        (122)            –         (122)
      Deferred tax credit arising on release of
        hedging reserve                                       –            –           –                  –                 29                   –              –          29             –           29
      Release of cumulative exchange losses
        upon disposal of a subsidiary (note 39)               –            –           –                  –                  –                126               –         126             –         126


      Total comprehensive income for the year                 –            –           –                  –           10,192              (35,411)        111,207      85,988      (13,787)      72,201



      Dividend declared and paid (note 36(b))                 –            –           –                  –                  –                   –        (21,883)    (21,883)            –      (21,883)
      Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders          –            –           –                  –                  –                   –              –           –        (4,505)      (4,505)
      Transfer of other non-distributable reserves            –            –           –               884                   –                   –           (884)          –             –            –
      Effects of share options (note 35)                      –            –        180                   –                  –                   –              –         180             –         180
      Lapse of share options (note 35)                        –            –      (2,745)                 –                  –                   –          2,745           –             –            –
      Capital contribution from
        non-controlling interests                             –            –           –                  –                  –                   –              –           –        9,170        9,170


      At 31 December 2019                                    55    250,406             –           12,813               7,248             (48,476)        708,069    930,115        79,332     1,009,447




      The notes on pages 107 to 190 form part of these financial statements.


      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                            /       Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                  105




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended 31 December 2020



                                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                           Notes               US$’000               US$’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before taxation                                                                          205,168              140,917
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of deferred connection charges                                                       (72)                  (84)
  Gain from bargain purchase of interest in a subsidiary (note 38)           6                        –                 (147)
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              10                 193,031              159,831
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                        10                  13,533                7,753
  Finance costs                                                              8                  145,005              122,120
  Net loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment               7                      409               (3,550)
  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                           39                 (18,135)                (548)
  Impairment losses recognized in respect of property, plant and
      equipment                                                              7                     4,384               27,992
  Impairment losses recognized in respect of goodwill                        7                     8,995                     –
  Interest income                                                            6                    (2,847)               (4,310)
  Recognition of government grants                                                                (1,278)                 (883)
  Reversal of loss allowance on trade and other receivables                  10                      (99)               (1,008)
  Share of results of associates                                                                 (29,342)             (32,807)
  Share-based payment expense                                                                          –                   180

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                        518,752               415,456
Increase in other non-current assets                                                            (38,080)             (169,614)
Decrease in inventories                                                                           3,810                  2,092
Increase in trade receivables                                                                   (84,422)               (13,132)
Increase in contract assets                                                                     (56,978)               (59,069)
(Increase)/decrease in other receivables and prepayments                                        (22,055)                82,073
(Increase)/decrease in amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                        (700)                 5,159
(Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                                           (20,765)                79,533
Decrease in other payables and accruals                                                         (11,769)               (12,780)
Increase in net defined benefit retirement obligation                                             1,694                      –
Increase in contract liabilities                                                                    737                     39
Increase in government grants                                                                       627                     39

Cash generated from operations                                                                  290,851              329,796
Income taxes paid                                                                               (33,971)             (40,420)

NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                              256,880              289,376

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                     (1,323,111)          (1,074,286)
Placement of pledged bank deposits                                                              (134,527)            (141,833)
Placement of deposits for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                           (65,010)              (90,861)
Proceed from sales of non-current assets classified as assets
   held for sale                                                                                 23,916                    –
Payments for right-of-use assets                                                                 (4,303)              (3,150)
Net cash inflow/(outflow) on disposal of a subsidiary                        39                  20,891                 (920)
Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                                                             136,933              166,847
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          41,594               13,639
Proceeds from disposal of right-of-use assets                                                       239                    –
Dividends received from associates                                                               29,723               13,052
Interest received                                                                                 2,847                4,310
Withdrawal of short-term bank deposits                                                            2,476                3,653
Net cash inflow on acquisition of a subsidiary                               38                       –                  223

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                         (1,268,332)          (1,109,326)




                                                                     Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
106




      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      for the year ended 31 December 2020



                                                                                   2020         2019
                                                                                US$’000      US$’000

      FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Repayment of bank borrowings                                              (705,630)    (449,787)
      New bank borrowings raised                                               1,510,446    1,216,741
      Interest paid                                                             (145,005)    (122,120)
      Repayment to fellow subsidiaries                                          (765,872)      (42,765)
      Dividends paid to shareholders                                                   –       (21,883)
      Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                              (6,305)        (4,505)
      Repayment of lease liabilities                                              (6,313)        (3,671)
      Loans from fellow subsidiaries                                             724,490      381,461
      Loans from the ultimate holding company                                    395,991              –
      Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders                       1,454          9,170


      NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                       1,003,256      962,641


      NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                        (8,196)     142,691

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT
        THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                                               384,141       246,786

      EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                                    22,905         (5,336)


      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR,
        represented by bank balances and cash                                   398,850       384,141




      The notes on pages 107 to 190 form part of these financial statements.


      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             107




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




1.     GENERAL
       CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company with limited
       liability under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and its shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
       Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) in October 2014. The registered office of the Company is at Victoria Place, 31
       Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 10, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the Company is at 15/F., Harbour Centre, 25
       Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. Its immediate holding company is CGN Energy International Holdings Co., Limited
       (“CGN Energy International”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability, and its ultimate holding company
       is China General Nuclear Power Corporation (“CGN”), a state-owned enterprise established in People’s Republic of China (the
       “PRC”).

       The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are mainly engaged in the generation and supply of
       electricity and steam, construction and operation of power stations and other associated facilities in the PRC and Republic of
       Korea (“Korea”).

       These consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollar (“US$”), which is also the functional currency of
       the Company.


2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

       (a)     Statement of compliance
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial
               Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual International Financial Reporting
               Standards, International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and Interpretations issued by the International Accounting
               Standards Board (“IASB”). In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required
               by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong
               Companies Ordinance (the “Companies Ordinance”).

               The IASB has issued certain amendments to IFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the current
               accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from
               initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior
               accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.


       (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements
               The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 comprise the Group and the Group’s
               interest in its associates.

               The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the historical cost basis
               except certain derivative financial instruments that are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies
               set out in note 2(g).

               Non-current assets classified as held for sale are stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to
               sell (see note 2(x)).

               The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements,
               estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income
               and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other
               factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making
               the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual
               results may differ from these estimates.

               The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
               recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
               revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.



                                                                     Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
108




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)
                     Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the financial statements
                     and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 3.

                     The Group had net current liabilities of approximately US$804,481,000 as at 31 December 2020. CGN, the ultimate
                     holding company of the Company, CGN Finance Co., Ltd. (“CGN Finance”), CGN Wind Energy Limited (“CGN Wind
                     Energy”), and CGNPC Huasheng Investment Limited (“CGNPC Huasheng”), the fellow subsidiaries of the Company,
                     have confirmed in writing that despite the loans from CGN of RMB1,930,000,000 (equivalent to US$295,790,000),
                     CGN Finance of RMB1,170,000,000 (equivalent to US$179,313,000), CGN Wind Energy of RMB600,000,000,
                     (equivalent to US$91,955,000) and CGNPC Huangsheng of US$250,000,000 which are due for repayment within
                     twelve months from 31 December 2020, they will not cancel the existing loan facilities within twelve months from
                     31 December 2020 and that the loans will be extended upon expiry. Furthermore, taking into account the financial
                     resources of the Group, the Group has unutilised general facilities of US$864,375,000 as at 31 December 2020 for
                     over the next twelve months from the end of the reporting period. In addition, the directors of the Company have
                     reviewed the Group’s cash flow projections prepared by the management of the Group. The cash flow projections
                     cover a period not less than twelve months from the end of the reporting period.

                     Taking into account the above-mentioned considerations, the directors of the Company are of the opinion that the
                     Group has sufficient working capital to meet in full its financial obligations as they fall due for at least the next twelve
                     months from the end of the reporting period and accordingly, these consolidated financial statements have been
                     prepared on a going concern basis.


             (c)     Changes in accounting policies
                     The IASB has issued the following amendments to IFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
                     Group:

                     •       Amendments to IFRS 3, Definition of a Business

                     •       Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7, Interest Rate Benchmark Reform

                     •       Amendment to IAS 1 and IAS 8, Definition of Material

                     None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the
                     current or prior periods have been prepared or presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements. The
                     Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.


             (d)     Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
                     Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to
                     variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
                     the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties)
                     are considered.

                     An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
                     commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
                     profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
                     Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only
                     to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                               109




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (d)     Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
               Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and
               in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
               result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of
               a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests either
               at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

               Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately
               from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the
               Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated profit or loss and
               other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year
               between non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of non-controlling
               interests and other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in accordance
               with notes 2(p) or (q) depending on the nature of the liability.

               Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
               transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
               consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or
               loss is recognized.

               When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
               with a resulting gain or loss being recognized in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the
               date when control is lost is recognized at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition
               of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture
               (see note 2(e)).

               In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses
               (see note 2(k)(ii)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified
               as held for sale) (see note 2(x)).


       (e)     Associates
               An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over
               its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

               An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method,
               unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) (see note
               2(x)). Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s
               share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
               any). The cost of the investment includes purchase price, other cost directly attributable to the acquisition of the
               investment, and any direct investment into the associate that forms part of the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter,
               the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any
               impairment loss relating to the investment (see notes 2(f) and (k)(ii)). At each reporting date, the Group assesses
               whether there is any objective evidence that the investment is impaired. Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the
               Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are
               recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax
               items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
               other comprehensive income.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
110




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (e)     Associates (Continued)
                     When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
                     recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
                     obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount
                     of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part
                     of the Group’s net investment in the associate (after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where
                     applicable (see note 2(k(i)).

                     Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
                     extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the
                     asset transferred, in which case they are recognized immediately in profit or loss.

                     If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not
                     measured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

                     In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a
                     disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognized in profit or loss. Any
                     interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence is recognized at fair value and this
                     amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset.

                     In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in associates are stated at cost less impairment losses
                     (see note 2(k)(ii)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified
                     as held for sale) (see note 2(x)).


             (f)     Goodwill
                     Goodwill represents the excess of

                     (i)     the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in
                             the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

                     (ii)    the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

                     When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
                     purchase.

                     Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is
                     allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units, that is expected to benefit from the
                     synergies of the combination and is tested annually for impairment (see note 2(k)(ii)).

                     On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the
                     calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.


             (g)     Derivative financial instruments
                     Derivative financial instruments are recognized at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value is
                     remeasured. The gain or loss on the remeasurement to fair value is recognized immediately in profit or loss, except
                     where the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or hedge of net investment in a foreign operation, in
                     which case recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being hedged (see note 2(h)).




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                           111




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (h)     Hedging
               The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments to hedge its risk of foreign exchange forward
               contracts.

               Where a derivative financial instrument is designated as a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge, the effective
               portion of any gain or loss on the derivative financial instrument is recognized in other comprehensive income and
               accumulated separately in equity in the hedging reserve. The ineffective portion of any gain or loss is recognized
               immediately in profit or loss.

               If a hedge of a forecast transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non-financial asset such as inventory,
               the associated gain or loss is reclassified from equity to be included in the initial cost of the non-financial asset.

               For all other hedged forecast transactions, the amount accumulated in the hedging reserve is reclassified from equity
               to profit or loss in the same period or periods during which the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss (such as when
               a forecast sale occurs or interest expense is recognized).

               If a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting (including when the hedging instrument expires or is
               sold, terminated or exercised), then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. When hedge accounting is
               discontinued, but the hedged forecast transaction is still expected to occur, the amount that has been accumulated in
               the hedging reserve remains in equity until the transaction occurs and it is recognized in accordance with the above
               policy. If the hedged transaction is no longer expected to take place, the amount that has been accumulated in the
               hedging reserve is reclassified from the equity to profit or loss immediately.


       (i)     Property, plant and equipment
               Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(k)
               (ii)).

               The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials, direct labour, the
               initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they
               are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and borrowing costs(see note 2(w)).




                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
112




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (i)     Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
                     Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined as
                     the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are recognized in profit or
                     loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

                     Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated residual
                     value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows except for freehold land in
                     Korea:

                     – Buildings                                                     Over the shorter if the term of the lease, and 20-50 years

                     – Electric and steam generating facilities                   17 to 30 years, or over the relevant operating license period

                     – Office and electronic equipment                                                                            3 – 12 years

                     – Motor vehicles                                                                                              5 –10 years

                     Both the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.


             (j)     Leased assets
                     At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
                     a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                     consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and
                     to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

                     (i)     As a lessee
                             Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected not
                             to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
                             components as a single lease component for all leases.

                             At the lease commencement date, the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
                             short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets which, for the
                             Group, are primarily laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-
                             value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments
                             associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognized as an expense on a systematic basis
                             over the lease term.

                             Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognized at the present value of the lease
                             payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
                             cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease
                             liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.
                             Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the
                             lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

                             The right-of-use asset recognized when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
                             the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date,
                             and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an
                             estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site
                             on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use
                             asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see notes 2(i) and
                             2(k)(ii)).




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             113




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (j)     Leased assets (Continued)

               (i)    As a lessee (Continued)
                      The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
                      an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
                      a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will
                      be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
                      remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset,
                      or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                      The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for
                      a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) that is not accounted
                      for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments
                      and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification. The only exceptions are
                      any rent concessions which arose as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and which satisfied
                      the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of IFRS 16 Leases . In such cases, the Group took advantage of the
                      practical expedient set out in paragraph 46A of IFRS 16 and recognized the change in consideration as if it
                      were not a lease modification.

                      In the statement of financial position, the Group presents right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately.

               (ii)   As a lessor
                      When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or
                      an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
                      incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified
                      as an operating lease.

                      When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the
                      contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating
                      leases is recognized in accordance with note 2(u)(v).


       (k)     Credit losses and impairment of assets

               (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets
                      The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on the financial assets
                      measured at amortised cost (including bank balances and cash, trade receivables and other receivables and
                      prepayments) and contract assets.

                      Financial assets measured at fair value, including derivative financial instruments is not subject to ECL
                      assessment.

                      Measurement of ECLs

                      ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of
                      all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with
                      the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                      The expected cash shortfalls of trade receivables, other receivables and prepayments and contract assets are
                      discounted using the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof where
                      the effect of discounting is material.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020      /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
114




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (k)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                     (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
                            Measurement of ECLs (Continued)

                            The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the
                            Group is exposed to credit risk.

                            In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available
                            without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of
                            future economic conditions.

                            ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                            –       12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the
                                    12 months after the reporting date; and

                            –       lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the
                                    expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                            Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                            ECLs. The ECL on these assets is assessed individually for debtors with significant balances based on its
                            historical observed default rates which is adjusted for forward-looking estimates.

                            For all other financial instruments, the Group recognizes a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless
                            there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which
                            case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

                            Significant increases in credit risk

                            In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                            recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the
                            reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the Group
                            considers that a default event occurs when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the
                            Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held). The Group
                            considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical
                            experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. In particular, the
                            following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly
                            since initial recognition:

                            –       failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                            –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit
                                    rating (if available);

                            –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                            –       existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a
                                    significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

                            Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk
                            is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a
                            collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as
                            past due status and credit risk ratings.



      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.      /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                115




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (k)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

               (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
                      Significant increases in credit risk (Continued)

                      ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk since
                      initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognized as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss.
                      The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment
                      to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

                      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is
                      credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of
                      the financial asset have occurred.

                      Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                      –       significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                      –       a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;

                      –       it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;

                      –       significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an adverse
                              effect on the debtor; or

                      –       the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer

                      Write-off policy

                      The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is
                      no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does
                      not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject
                      to the write-off.

                      Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a reversal of impairment
                      in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

               (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets
                      Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                      indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment loss
                      previously recognized no longer exists or may have decreased:

                      –       property, plant and equipment;

                      –       right-of-use assets;

                      –       goodwill; and

                      –       investments in subsidiaries and associates in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                      If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible
                      assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable
                      amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.



                                                                      Annual Report 2020      /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
116




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (k)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                     (ii)    Impairment of other non-current assets (Continued)
                             –        Calculation of recoverable amount

                                      The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in
                                      use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
                                      using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of time value of money and
                                      the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of
                                      those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that
                                      generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

                             –        Recognition of impairment losses

                                      An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                                      generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognized
                                      in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
                                      allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of
                                      the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an
                                      asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value
                                      in use (if determinable).

                             –        Reversals of impairment losses

                                      In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable
                                      change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of
                                      goodwill is not reversed.

                                      A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                                      determined had no impairment loss been recognized in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses
                                      are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognized.


             (l)     Inventories
                     Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                     Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost method and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion
                     and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

                     Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of
                     completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                     The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are recognized as an
                     expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is
                     recognized as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognized as an expense in the period in which the reversal
                     occurs.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                             117




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (m) Contract assets and contract liabilities
               A contract asset is recognized when the Group recognizes revenue (see note 2(u)) before being unconditionally entitled
               to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECLs in
               accordance with the policy set out in note 2(k)(i) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration
               has become unconditional (see note 2(n)).

               A contract liability is recognized when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group recognized
               the related revenue (see note 2(u)). A contract liability would also be recognized if the Group has an unconditional
               right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognizes the related revenue. In such cases, a
               corresponding receivable would also be recognized (see note 2(n)).

               For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
               contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.

               When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under
               the effective interest method (see note 2(u)).


       (n)     Trade and other receivables
               A receivable is recognized when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive
               consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due. If
               revenue has been recognized before the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is
               presented as a contract asset (see note 2(m)).

               Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see note
               2(k)(i)).


       (o)     Cash and cash equivalents
               Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial
               institutions, and short term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash
               and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at
               acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECLs in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(k)(i).


       (p)     Trade and other payables
               Trade and other payables are initially recognized at fair value. Trade and other payables are subsequently stated at
               amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.


       (q)     Interest-bearing borrowings
               Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
               interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is
               recognized in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrow costs (see note 2(w)).




                                                                     Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
118




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (r)     Employee benefits

                     (i)     Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                             retirement plans
                             Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the
                             cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by
                             employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are
                             stated at their present values.

                     (ii)    Share-based payments
                             The fair value of share options granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a corresponding
                             increase in a capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at grant date using the binomial lattice
                             model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. Where the
                             employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the options, the total
                             estimated fair value of the options is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that
                             the options will vest.

                             During the vesting period, the number of share options that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any resulting
                             adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognized in prior years is charged/credited to the profit or loss
                             for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, with a
                             corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On vesting date, the amount recognized as an expense is
                             adjusted to reflect the actual number of options that vest (with a corresponding adjustment to the capital
                             reserve) except where forfeiture is only due to not achieving vesting conditions that relate to the market price
                             of the company’s shares. The equity amount is recognized in the capital reserve until either the option is
                             exercised (when it is included in the amount recognized in share capital for the shares issued) or the option
                             expires (when it is released directly to retained profits).

                     (iii)   Defined benefit retirement scheme obligations
                             The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit retirement plans is calculated by estimating the
                             amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior years;
                             that benefit is discounted to determine the present value and the fair value of any plan assets is deducted.
                             The calculation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. When the
                             calculation results in a benefit to the Group, the recognized asset is limited to the present value of economic
                             benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the
                             plan.

                             Service cost and net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability are recognized in profit or loss and
                             allocated by function as part of “staff costs”. Current service cost is measured as the increase in the present
                             value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from employee service in the current year. When the benefits
                             of a plan are changed, or when a plan is curtailed, the portion of the changed benefit related to past service
                             by employees, or the gain or loss on curtailment, is recognized as an expense in profit or loss at the earlier of
                             when the plan amendment or curtailment occurs and when related restructuring costs or termination benefits
                             are recognized. Net interest expense for the year is determined by applying the discount rate used to measure
                             the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the reporting period to the net defined benefit liability. The
                             discount rate is the yield at the end of the reporting period on high quality corporate bonds that have maturity
                             dates approximating the terms of the Group’s obligations.

                             Remeasurements arising from defined benefit retirement plans are recognized in other comprehensive income
                             and reflected immediately in retained earnings. Remeasurements comprise actuarial gains and losses, the
                             return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability) and any
                             change in the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit
                             liability).


      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                           119




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (r)     Employee benefits (Continued)

               (iv)    Termination benefits
                       Termination benefits are recognized when, and only when, the Group demonstrably commits itself to terminate
                       employment or to provide benefits as a result of voluntary redundancy by having a detailed formal plan which
                       is without realistic possibility of withdrawal.


       (s)     Income tax
               Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and
               movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate
               to business combinations, or items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the
               relevant amounts of tax are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

               Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
               enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

               Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the
               differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases.
               Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

               Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is
               probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognized. Future
               taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
               include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences
               relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same
               period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from
               the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether
               existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses
               and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same
               taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
120




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (s)     Income tax (Continued)
                     The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from
                     goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
                     taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments
                     in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and
                     it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences,
                     unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

                     The amount of deferred tax recognized is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of
                     the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the
                     reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

                     The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the
                     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be
                     utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be
                     available.

                     Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognized when the liability to pay the related
                     dividends is recognized.

                     Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
                     and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred
                     tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current
                     tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

                     –       in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net
                             basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

                     –       in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                             authority on either:

                             –        the same taxable entity; or

                             –        different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                                      liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets
                                      and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.


             (t)     Provisions and contingent liabilities
                     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it
                     is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can
                     be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure
                     expected to settle the obligation.

                     Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
                     reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
                     remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
                     more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
                     remote.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                          121




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (u)     Revenue and other income
               Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services or the use
               by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

               Revenue is recognized when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee has
               the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled,
               excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes
               and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

               Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

               (i)     Revenue from the sale of electricity or steam and tariff income
                       Revenue from the sale of electricity or steam and tariff income are recognized based upon output delivered.
                       Under the transfer-of-control approach in IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“IFRS 15”),
                       revenue from sales of electricity or steam and tariff income is generally recognized upon transmission of
                       electricity and steam to the customers, which is the point of time when the customer has the ability to direct
                       the use of the output and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the output.

               (ii)    Revenue from capacity charges, connection charges and management
                       service
                       Capacity charges are payments from independent power purchasers for maintaining availability of some of
                       the Group’s power generators for dispatch of electricity, regardless of actual dispatch. Connection charges
                       are one-off charges to new customers for connecting into a heat supply network approved by government.
                       Management service fee income is recognized when the service is provided. The revenue from capacity
                       charges, connection charges and management service are recognized over time by reference to the progress
                       towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation, as the customer simultaneously receives
                       and consumes the benefit provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs.

               (iii)   Dividend income
                       Dividend income is recognized when the shareholder’s right to receive payment is established.

               (iv)    Interest income
                       Interest income is recognized as it accrues under the effective interest method.

               (v)     Rental income from operating leases
                       Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognized in profit or loss in equal instalments over the
                       periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of
                       benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
122




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (u)     Revenue and other income (Continued)

                     (vi)    Government grants
                             Government grants are recognized in the statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable
                             assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them.
                             Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognized as income in profit or loss on a
                             systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group
                             for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and consequently are effectively
                             recognized in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.



             (v)     Translation of foreign currencies
                     Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction
                     dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates
                     ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss.

                     Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
                     using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction dates is the date on which the Group
                     initially recognizes such non-monetary assets or liabilities.

                     The results of subsidiaries outside Hong Kong are translated into USD at the exchange rates approximating the foreign
                     exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items, including goodwill arising
                     on consolidation of subsidiaries outside Hong Kong, are translated into USD at the closing foreign exchange rates at
                     the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and
                     accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve.

                     On disposal of a subsidiary outside Hong Kong, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to
                     that subsidiary outside Hong Kong is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is
                     recognized.

             (w) Borrowing costs
                     Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
                     necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the
                     cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

                     The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure for the
                     asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for
                     its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially
                     all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or complete.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                 123




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (x)     Non-current assets classified as held for sale
               A non-current asset is classified as held for sale if it is highly probable that its carrying amount will be recovered
               through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and the asset is available for sale in its present
               condition.

               Immediately before classification as held for sale, the measurement of the non-current assets is brought up-to-date
               in accordance with the accounting policies before the classification. Then, on initial classification as held for sale and
               until disposal, the non-current assets are recognized at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to
               sell.

               Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale, and on subsequent remeasurement while held for sale, are
               recognized in profit or loss. As long as a non-current asset is classified as held for sale, the non-current asset is not
               depreciated or amortised.

       (y)     Related parties
               For the purposes of these financial statements, related party includes a person and entity as defined below:

               (a)     A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                       (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

                       (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                       (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

               (b)     An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                       (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary
                                and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                       (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                                member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                       (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third entity.

                       (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                       (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                                entity related to the Group.

                       (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                       (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                       (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                                services to the Company or to the Company’s parent.

               Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
               influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

               In addition, government refers to government, government agencies and similar bodies whether local, national or
               international. A government-related entity is an entity that is controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by a
               government.




                                                                       Annual Report 2020      /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
124




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             (z)     Segment reporting
                     Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified from
                     the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of
                     allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical
                     locations.

                     Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments
                     have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of
                     production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the
                     services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be
                     aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.


      3.     ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES
             Notes 16, 37(a) and 37(e) contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to impairment of goodwill,
             impairment of trade and other receivables and fair value of financial instruments. Other key source of estimation uncertainty is
             as follows:


             (a)     Impairment of non-current assets
                     If circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a non-current asset may not be recoverable, the asset may be
                     considered impaired, and an impairment loss may be recognized in profit or loss. The carrying amounts of non-current
                     assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amounts have declined below the carrying
                     amounts. These assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
                     recorded carrying amounts may not be recoverable, except for goodwill which is tested on an annual basis. When
                     such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount.

                     In considering the impairment losses that may be required for certain of the Group’s assets which include property,
                     plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) and goodwill, recoverable amount of the asset needs to be
                     determined. The recoverable amount is the greater of the fair value less costs to sell and the value in use. It is difficult
                     to precisely estimate fair value less costs of disposal because quoted market prices for the Group’s assets are not
                     readily available. In determining the value in use, expected cash flows generated by the asset are discounted to their
                     present value, which requires significant judgement relating to items such as level of electricity generation, selling
                     price and amount of operating costs. The Group uses all readily available information in determining an amount
                     that is reasonable approximation of recoverable amount, including estimates based on reasonable and supportable
                     assumptions and projections of items such as electricity generation, selling price and amount of operating costs.
                     Changes in these estimates could have a significant impact on the carrying value of the assets and could result in
                     additional impairment charge or, except for goodwill, reversal of impairment in future periods.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                          125




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




4.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

       (a)     Revenue
               The principal activities of the Group are the generation and supply of electricity and steam, construction and operation
               of power stations and other associated facilities in the PRC and Korea. Further details regarding the Group’s principal
               activities are disclosed in note 4(b).

               Disaggregation of revenue
               Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by goods and service and by the timing of revenue
               recognition is as follows:

                                                                        Power              Power
                                                                      plants in             plants     Management                2020
                                                                      the PRC            in Korea       companies                Total
                                                                      US$’000            US$’000          US$’000             US$’000

               Revenue from contracts with customers
                 within the scope of IFRS 15

                 Disaggregated by types of goods and services
                    – Sales of electricity                              239,448           470,436                  –           709,884
                    – Tariff income                                     188,508                 –                  –           188,508
                    – Sales of steam                                     88,398                 –                  –            88,398
                    – Capacity charges                                   10,331           123,154                  –           133,485
                    – Connection charges and others                           –             2,737                  –             2,737
                    – Management service income                               –                 –             26,880            26,880

                                                                        526,685           596,327             26,880         1,149,892


                 Disaggregated by the timing of revenue
                    recognition
                    – Point in time                                     516,354           473,173                  –           989,527
                    – Over time                                          10,331           123,154             26,880           160,365

                                                                        526,685           596,327             26,880         1,149,892


                                                                         Power             Power
                                                                       plants in            plants      Management               2019
                                                                       the PRC           in Korea        companies               Total
                                                                       US$’000           US$’000           US$’000            US$’000

               Revenue from contracts with customers
                 within the scope of IFRS 15

               Disaggregated by types of goods and services
                  – Sales of electricity                                246,209           621,806                  –           868,015
                  – Tariff income                                       141,531                 –                  –           141,531
                  – Sales of steam                                       96,984                 –                  –            96,984
                  – Capacity charges                                     10,253           126,236                  –           136,489
                  – Connection charges and others                            47             4,159                  –             4,206
                  – Management service income                                 –                 –             29,056            29,056

                                                                        495,024           752,201             29,056         1,276,281


                 Disaggregated by the timing of revenue
                    recognition
                    – Point in time                                     484,724           625,965                  –         1,110,689
                    – Over time                                          10,300           126,236             29,056           165,592

                                                                        495,024           752,201             29,056         1,276,281



                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
126




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      4.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

             (a)     Revenue (Continued)

                     Performance obligations for contracts with customers
                     Sales of electricity or steam

                     Revenue from the sales of electricity or steam are recognized based upon output delivered. Under the transfer-of-
                     control approach in IFRS 15, revenue from the sales of electricity or steam is generally recognized upon transmission
                     of electricity or steam to the customers, which is the point of time when the customer has the ability to direct the
                     use of the output and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the output. A receivable is recognized by
                     the Group when the output is delivered to the customers as this represents the point in time at which the right to
                     consideration becomes unconditional, as only the passage of time is required before payment is due. The Group
                     allows a credit period from 30 to 90 days to its customer.

                     Tariff income from government authorities for sales of electricity

                     Tariff income is recognized at the same time as the relevant revenue from the sales of electricity is recognized, that is,
                     upon the transmission of electricity to the customers.

                     Certain amounts of tariff income are subject to the approval for the registration in the Renewable Energy Tariff Subsidy
                     Catalogue (the “Catalogue”) pursuant to Cai Jian [2012] No. 102 Notice on the Interim Measures for Administration
                     of Subsidy Funds for Tariff of Renewable Energy（《可再生能源電價附加補助資金管理暫行辦法 》）jointly issued by
                     the Ministry of Finance, the National Department and Reform Commission and the National Energy Administration in
                     March 2012 (the “2012 Notice”). The 2012 Notice was superseded by Cai Jian [2020] No.5 Notice on the Measures
                     for Administration of Subsidy Funds for Tariff of Renewable Energy（《可再生能源電價附加補助資金管理辦法 》）
                     jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the National Department and Reform Commission and the National Energy
                     Administration in January 2020 (the “2020 Notice”). Pursuant to the 2020 Notice, the Catalogue is replaced by the
                     Renewable Energy Tariff Subsidy List (the “List”), which is registered in the National Renewable Energy Information
                     Centre and approved by the relevant government authorities.

                     A receivable is recognized at the same time except for those which are pending the approval for the registration in the
                     Catalogue or List from the relevant government authorities, which a contract asset is recognized. Due to the nature of
                     receivables, there is no credit period and the directors of the Company expect that the receivables will be recovered
                     within the Group’s normal operating cycle from the time they are recognized.

                     Capacity charges

                     Capacity charges are payments from independent power purchasers for maintaining availability of some of the Group’s
                     power generators for dispatch of electricity, regardless of actual dispatch. Revenue is recognized over time when the
                     relevant dispatch requirements are met. The credit period is normally 30 days to the independent power purchasers.

                     Connection charges

                     Connection charges are one-off charges to new customers for connecting into a heat supply network approved by
                     government in the PRC. The charges are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated service
                     life of the customers which is estimated to be five years. The charges received in advance from customers are
                     classified as contract liabilities.

                     Management service income

                     Management service income is recognized overtime when the service is provided. The credit term is normally 30 days.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                         127




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




4.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

       (a)     Revenue (Continued)

               Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for
               contracts with customers
               Contracts for capacity charges and management service typically have 3 to 20 years non-cancellable terms in which
               the Group bills fixed rates by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance
               obligations. The Group elected to apply the practical expedient by recognizing revenue in the amount to which the
               Group has right to invoice. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction prices allocated to these unsatisfied contracts
               are not disclosed.

               Contracts for sales of electricity and steam typically have 20 years non-cancellable terms. As the revenue from sales
               of electricity and steam as well as the related tariff income depends on future actual consumption, the revenue arising
               from these future sales have not been included in the transaction price for revenue recognition purposes.

               Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker, for the
               purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on geographical location are set
               out below.


       (b)     Segment revenue and segment results
               The executive directors of the Company reviews the operating results and financial information of the Group based on
               individual power plant, management companies and on a location basis. Each power plant and management company
               constitutes an operating segment. For certain operating segments that exhibit similar long-term financial performance
               as they have similar economic characteristics, produce electricity and/or steam by using similar production processes
               and all of the electricity and/or steam are distributed and sold to similar classes of customers, provide similar
               consulting services to customers, their segment information is aggregated into a single reportable operating segment.

               The Group has three reportable segments as follows:

               (1)     Power plants in the PRC – Generation and supply of electricity;

               (2)     Power plants in Korea – Generation and supply of electricity; and

               (3)     Management companies – Provision of management services to power plants operated by CGN and its
                       subsidiaries.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020      /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
128




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      4.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

             (b)     Segment revenue and segment results (Continued)

                     (i)    Segment results, assets and liabilities
                            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:

                            For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                            Power          Power
                                                                          plants in      plants in    Management
                                                                          the PRC           Korea      companies                Total
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000         US$’000             US$’000

                            Segment revenue – external                     526,685        596,327            26,880         1,149,892


                            Segment results                                161,285         45,467             1,280           208,032


                            Unallocated other income                                                                               48
                            Unallocated operating expenses                                                                     (3,976)
                            Unallocated finance costs                                                                         (28,278)
                            Share of results of associates                                                                     29,342


                            Profit before taxation                                                                            205,168


                            For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                            Power          Power
                                                                          plants in      plants in     Management
                                                                          the PRC           Korea       companies               Total
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000          US$’000            US$’000

                            Segment revenue – external                     495,024        752,201            29,056         1,276,281


                            Segment results                                 86,665         57,000             1,349           145,014


                            Unallocated other income                                                                                44
                            Unallocated operating expenses                                                                      (3,189)
                            Unallocated finance costs                                                                         (33,759)
                            Share of results of associates                                                                     32,807


                            Profit before taxation                                                                            140,917


                            The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies set out
                            in note 2. Segment results represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of certain other
                            income, operating expenses, finance costs and share of results of associates. This is the measure reported to
                            the executive directors of the Company for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                           129




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




4.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

       (b)     Segment revenue and segment results (Continued)

               (i)    Segment results, assets and liabilities (Continued)
                      The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by reportable segments:

                                                                                                     2020                      2019
                                                                                                  US$’000                   US$’000

                      Segment assets
                      Power plants in the PRC                                                   5,209,023                 3,705,294
                      Power plants in Korea                                                     1,532,511                 1,434,335
                      Management companies                                                          4,156                     3,221


                      Total segment assets                                                      6,745,690                 5,142,850
                      Interests in associates                                                     206,083                   190,608
                      Unallocated
                         – Right-of-use assets                                                       1,441                     2,890
                         – Others                                                                   23,318                    42,819


                      Consolidated assets                                                       6,976,532                 5,379,167


                                                                                                     2020                      2019
                                                                                                  US$’000                   US$’000

                      Segment liabilities
                      Power plants in the PRC                                                   3,944,793                 2,665,605
                      Power plants in Korea                                                       926,266                   887,336
                      Management companies                                                            645                       848


                      Total segment liabilities                                                 4,871,704                 3,553,789
                      Unallocated
                        – Bank borrowings                                                         100,000                   100,000
                        – Loans from fellow subsidiaries                                          700,000                   700,000
                        – Lease liabilities                                                         1,552                     3,072
                        – Others                                                                    5,895                    12,859


                      Consolidated liabilities                                                  5,679,151                 4,369,720


                      For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

                      •       all assets are allocated to operating segments other than interests in associates, certain right-of-use
                              assets and corporate assets of investment holding companies; and

                      •       all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than certain bank borrowings, lease liabilities,
                              other payables and accruals and loans from fellow subsidiaries of the Company and unallocated
                              corporate liabilities.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
130




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      4.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

             (b)     Segment revenue and segment results (Continued)

                     (ii)   Other segment information
                            For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                  Power       Power
                                                                                plants in   plants in   Management
                                                                                the PRC        Korea     companies   Unallocated      Total
                                                                                US$’000     US$’000        US$’000      US$’000    US$’000

                            Amounts included in the measure of segment
                              profit or loss or segment assets:

                            Depreciation of property,
                                plant and equipment                              136,316      55,886            32           797   193,031
                            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                   11,315         565           204         1,449    13,533
                            Net loss on disposal of property,
                                plant and equipment                                  409           –             –             –       409
                            Interest income                                        1,949         845             7            46     2,847
                            Finance costs                                         98,050      18,678             –        28,277   140,005
                            Impairment losses recognized in respect of
                                goodwill                                           8,995           –             –             –      8,995
                            Impairment losses recognized in respect of
                                property, plant and equipment, net                 4,384           –             –             –      4,384

                            Amounts regularly provided to the chief operating
                              decision maker but not included in the
                              measure of segment profit or loss or
                              segment assets:

                            Interests in associates                              206,083           –             –             –   206,083
                            Share of results of associates                        29,342           –             –             –    29,342
                            Income tax                                            25,087      12,446             –             –    37,533




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.          /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                              131




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




4.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

       (b)     Segment revenue and segment results (Continued)

               (ii)   Other segment information (Continued)
                      For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                            Power        Power
                                                                          plants in    plants in       Management
                                                                          the PRC         Korea         companies   Unallocated      Total
                                                                          US$’000      US$’000            US$’000     US$’000     US$’000

                      Amounts included in the measure of segment
                        profit or loss or segment assets:

                      Depreciation of property,
                          plant and equipment                             111,355        47,794                32          650     159,831
                      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                   5,522           582               204        1,445       7,753
                      Net gain on disposal of property,
                          plant and equipment                                3,550            –                 –            –       3,550
                      Interest income                                        3,004        1,251                11           44       4,310
                      Finance costs                                         65,612       22,715                34       33,759     122,120
                      Impairment losses recognized in respect of
                          property, plant and equipment, net                27,992             –                –            –      27,992

                      Amounts regularly provided to the chief operating
                        decision maker but not included in the
                        measure of segment profit or loss or
                        segment assets:

                      Interests in associates                             190,608             –                 –            –     190,608
                      Share of results of associates                       32,807             –                 –            –      32,807
                      Income tax                                           22,350        19,214                 –            –      41,564




                                                                          Annual Report 2020       /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
132




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      4.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

             (b)     Segment revenue and segment results (Continued)

                     (iii)   Information about major customers
                             Revenue from customers from segment of power plants in Korea of the corresponding years contributing over
                             10% of the total sales of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                                                           2020        2019
                                                                                                                        US$’000     US$’000

                             Korea Electric Power Corporation (“KEPCO”)                                                  188,457    217,018
                             Korea Power Exchange                                                                        407,870    535,183


                     (iv)    Non-current assets by geographical location
                             The Group operates in three principal geographical areas – the PRC, Korea and Hong Kong. The Group’s
                             information about its non-current assets (Note) by location of assets and its associates by location of the
                             relevant associates’ business operations are detailed below:

                                                                                                                           2020        2019
                                                                                                                        US$’000     US$’000

                             PRC                                                                                      4,413,557    3,203,934
                             Korea                                                                                    1,294,521    1,142,180
                             Hong Kong                                                                                    6,260        8,088


                                                                                                                      5,714,338    4,354,202


                             Note:    Non-current assets excluded derivative financial instruments and deferred tax assets.


      5.     OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                                                           2020        2019
                                                                                                                        US$’000     US$’000

             Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 15)                                                                13,533      7,753
             Fuel, chemicals, electricity and water                                                                        9,153      6,120
             Consultancy fees                                                                                              6,180      5,052
             Tools and consumables                                                                                         4,309      3,411
             Outsourcing expenses                                                                                          4,039      6,037
             Other maintenance cost                                                                                        3,822      9,682
             Insurance expenses                                                                                            3,516      3,311
             Other taxes, surcharges and duties                                                                            3,324      4,140
             Transportation and entertainment expenses                                                                     2,721      4,456
             Operation support expenses                                                                                    2,638      3,338
             Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                         1,635      2,411
             Office expenses                                                                                               1,403      4,913
             Miscellaneous operating expenses                                                                              4,329      8,744


                                                                                                                          60,602     69,368




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.         /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                  133




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




6.     OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                                     2020                           2019
                                                                                                                  US$’000                        US$’000

       Income on sales of generating rights (Note)                                                                   12,433                             –
       Compensation from insurance companies                                                                            118                           412
       Equipment rental income                                                                                          468                           491
       Gain from bargain purchase of interest in a subsidiary (note 38)                                                   –                           147
       Government grants (note 33)                                                                                    4,953                         5,980
       Income on sales of scrap materials                                                                             1,097                         3,247
       Technical service income                                                                                       1,713                         7,412
       Interest income                                                                                                2,847                         4,310
       Others                                                                                                         2,689                         1,158


                                                                                                                     26,318                        23,157


       Note:   One subsidiary of the Group sold its power generating rights for 2020 to a third party during the year ended 31 December 2020 as the power plant
               ended its operation in 2019.


7.     OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                                                     2020                           2019
                                                                                                                  US$’000                        US$’000

       Impairment losses recognized in respect of property,
         plant and equipment, net (note 14)                                                                          (4,384)                      (27,992)
       Impairment losses recognized in respect of goodwill (note 16)                                                 (8,995)                            –
       Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                                               2,699                          (651)
       Net (loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                    (409)                        3,550


                                                                                                                    (11,089)                      (25,093)



8.     FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                                     2020                           2019
                                                                                                                  US$’000                        US$’000

       Interest on:

       Bank borrowings                                                                                               99,753                        91,499
       Loans from fellow subsidiaries                                                                                41,575                        29,914
       Loan from the ultimate holding company                                                                         2,259                             –
       Lease liabilities                                                                                              1,418                           707


                                                                                                                   145,005                       122,120




                                                                              Annual Report 2020          /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
134




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      9.     INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND
             LOSS

             (a)     Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                     represents:
                                                                                                         2020                     2019
                                                                                                      US$’000                  US$’000

                     Current tax:
                       Provision for the year                                                           31,597                   30,601
                       (Over)/under provision in prior years                                               (92)                     292


                                                                                                        31,505                   30,893


                     Dividend withholding tax – current year                                              4,836                   3,244


                     Deferred tax (note 18) :
                       Current year                                                                       1,192                   7,427


                                                                                                        37,533                   41,564


                     The Company is exempted from taxation in Bermuda.

                     Current tax provision represents provision for the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“PRC EIT”) and Korean Corporate
                     Income Tax (“KCIT”).

                     Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
                     Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of PRC subsidiaries is 25% from 1 January 2008 onwards, except for those
                     subsidiaries described below.

                     Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are under the Western China Development Plan and a preferential tax
                     rate of 15% is granted for an extended period from 2011 to 2020. As a result, the tax rate of 15% is used to calculate
                     the amount of current taxation. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the preferential tax rate is extended from
                     2020 to 2030.

                     Pursuant to KCIT law, the statutory income tax of the Group’s Korean subsidiaries was calculated at a rate of 24.2%
                     of the estimated assessable profit for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

                     Pursuant to Hong Kong tax law, the statutory income tax was calculated at a rate of 16.5% for the years ended 31
                     December 2020 and 2019. Pursuant to the tax laws in Republic of Malta and in Mauritius, the statutory income tax
                     was calculated at a rate of 35% and 15%, respectively, for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. However,
                     subsidiaries of the Group operating in these jurisdictions have not generated taxable income during both years and
                     therefore, no tax provision has been made by the Group in relation to these subsidiaries.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.         /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                           135




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




9.     INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND
       LOSS (Continued)

       (a)     Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit and loss
               represents: (Continued)
               The Group’s subsidiaries and associates that are tax residents in the PRC are subject to the PRC dividend withholding
               tax ranging from 5% to 10% for those non-PRC tax resident immediate holding companies incorporated in Hong Kong
               and other jurisdictions, when and if undistributed earnings are declared and to be paid as dividends out of profits that
               arose on or after 1 January 2008.

               The Group’s subsidiaries that are tax residents in Korea are subject to a 15% Korean dividend withholding tax for the
               immediate holding company incorporated in the Republic of Malta when and if undistributed earnings are declared and
               to be paid to non-PRC or non-Korea residents as dividends out of profits.

               Deferred tax has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of the temporary differences
               attributable to the profit for the current year of the Group’s Korean subsidiaries as the Group is able to control the
               timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in
               the foreseeable future.


       (b)     Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at
               applicate tax rates:
                                                                                                     2020                      2019
                                                                                                  US$’000                   US$’000

               Profit before taxation                                                              205,168                  140,917


               Notional tax on profit before taxation calculated at the rates
                 applicable to profits in the countries concerned                                   50,409                    34,773
               Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                10,351                    21,515
               Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                     (2,091)                   (6,147)
               Tax effect of share of results of associates                                         (7,330)                   (8,202)
               Tax effect of preferential tax rates granted to certain PRC
                 subsidiaries                                                                       (28,930)                 (15,875)
               Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognized                                     (187)                    (682)
               Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                                8,191                    6,378
               Withholding tax on distributable profits of subsidiaries and
                 associates                                                                           7,212                    9,512
               (Over)/under provision in prior years                                                    (92)                     292


               Income tax expense for the year                                                      37,533                    41,564


       Details of deferred tax movement are set out in note 18.




                                                                     Annual Report 2020    /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
136




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      10. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                           2020                           2019
                                                                                                                        US$’000                        US$’000

             Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                              193,031                        159,831
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                         13,533                          7,753
             Reversal of loss allowance on trade and other receivables                                                      (99)                        (1,008)
             Staff costs
               – salaries and allowances                                                                                 74,794                         65,096
               – contribution to retirement benefits scheme,
                    including directors’ emoluments                                                                      11,041                         11,427


             Total staff costs, including directors’ emoluments                                                          85,835                         76,523


             Auditors’ remuneration
               – audit services                                                                                              520                         1,193
               – non-audit services                                                                                          164                            12


             Total auditors’ remuneration                                                                                    684                         1,205



      11. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION

             Directors’ emoluments

             2020
                                                                                                        Performance                   Contributions
                                                                                             Salaries         related                 to retirement
                                                                            Directors’           and        incentive     Benefits in       benefits
             Name                                                                  fee   allowances        payments             kind       schemes           Total
                                                                             US$’000        US$’000          US$’000        US$’000        US$’000        US$’000
                                                                                                               (Note)

             Chairman and Non-executive Director

             Mr. CHEN Sui 陳遂                                                        –              –               –               –              –                –

             Executive Directors

             Mr. LI Yilun 李亦倫                                                       –              –               –               –              –                –

             Mr. ZHANG Zhiwu 張志武 (appointed on 22 January 2020)                     –              –               –               –              –                –

             Non-executive Directors

             Mr. XING Ping 邢平 (resigned on 24 March 2021)                           –              –               –               –              –                –

             Mr. YAO Wei 姚威 (resigned on 22 January 2020)                           –              –               –               –              –                –

             Independent Non-executive Directors

             Mr. LEUNG Chi Ching Frederick 梁子正                                     52              –               –               –              –               52

             Mr. YANG Xiaosheng 楊校生                                                52              –               –               –              –               52

             Mr. WANG Minhao 王民浩                                                   52              –               –               –              –               52

                                                                                  156              –               –               –              –           156




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.             /       Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                  137




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




11. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION
    (Continued)

       Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

       2019
                                                                                                        Performance                    Contributions
                                                                                             Salaries         related                  to retirement
                                                                           Directors’            and        incentive     Benefits          benefits
       Name                                                                       fee    allowances        payments        in kind         schemes        Total
                                                                           US$’000          US$’000         US$’000      US$’000           US$’000     US$’000
                                                                                                               (Note)

       Chairman and Non-executive Director

       Mr. CHEN Sui 陳遂                                                             –               –               –               –              –           –

       President and Executive Director

       Mr. LI Yilun 李亦倫                                                            –               –               –               –              –           –

       Non-executive Directors

       Mr. XING Ping 邢平                                                            –               –               –               –              –           –

       Mr. YAO Wei 姚威                                                              –               –               –               –              –           –

       Independent Non-executive Directors

       Mr. LEUNG Chi Ching Frederick 梁子正                                          51               –               –               –              –         51

       Mr. YANG Xiaosheng 楊校生                                                     51               –               –               –              –         51

       Mr. WANG Minhao 王民浩                                                        51               –               –               –              –         51

                                                                                 153               –               –               –              –        153


       Note:    The performance related incentive payments are based on the Group’s performance for the relevant previous years.


       The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of
       the Company and the Group.

       The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.
       The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for the services as directors of the Company.

       Certain directors have also been employed by CGN and its subsidiaries, so the payments of their emoluments were borne by
       CGN and its subsidiaries for both years.

       Save as Mr. Wang Minhao, one of the independent non-executive directors of the Company, who has agreed to waive his
       annual director’s emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2019, neither the President nor any of the directors of the
       Company waived any emoluments during both years.

       No emoluments were paid to the directors of the Company as an inducement to join for both years.




                                                                               Annual Report 2020            /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
138




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      11. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION
          (Continued)

             Individuals with highest emoluments
             The five highest paid individuals did not include any directors of the Company for the years ended 31 December 2020 and
             2019. The emoluments of the five individuals for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are as follow:

                                                                                                                         2020                          2019
                                                                                                                      US$’000                       US$’000

             Salaries and allowances                                                                                      1,783                        1,322
             Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                                                    23                           49
             Performance related incentive payments (Note)                                                                  704                          768


                                                                                                                          2,510                        2,139


             Note:   The performance related incentive payments are determined by the board of directors of the Company based on the Group’s performance.


             No benefits in kind and compensations of loss of office were paid to the individuals and no emoluments were paid to the
             individuals as an inducement to join for both years.

             Their emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                                                        No. of employees
                                                                                                                           2020                         2019

             Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000
               (Equivalent to US$255,001 to US$319,000)                                                                        1                            2
             HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000
               (Equivalent to US$319,001 to US$383,000)                                                                        2                            2
             HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000
               (Equivalent to US$638,001 to US$701,000)                                                                        1                            –
             HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000
               (Equivalent to US$765,001 to US$829,000)                                                                        1                            –
             HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000
               (Equivalent to US$829,001 to US$893,000)                                                                        –                            1




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.           /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        139




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




12. EARNINGS PER SHARE
       The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company is based on
       the following data.

                                                                                                   2020                     2019
                                                                                                US$’000                  US$’000

       Earnings:

       Earnings for the purposes of calculating basic
         and diluted earnings per share (profit for the year
         attributable to equity shareholders of the Company)                                     162,087                  111,207


                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                                    ’000                     ’000

       Number of shares:

       Number of ordinary shares for the purposes of
         calculating basic and diluted earnings per share                                      4,290,824                4,290,824


       There were no dilution of potential ordinary shares during the year ended 31 December 2020, and therefore, diluted earnings
       per share are the same as basic earnings per share.

       The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s options because the exercise
       prices of those options were higher than the average market prices for shares throughout the year ended 31 December 2019.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
140




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      13. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

             (a)     Defined contribution plan

                     Hong Kong
                     The Group participates in the MPF Scheme established under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance
                     (Cap. 485) for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. Employees contribute 5% of their relevant income to the MPF
                     Scheme and the Group contributes 10% of each employee’s monthly base salary. The assets of the MPF Scheme are
                     held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of an independent trustee. During the year ended
                     31 December 2020, the retirement benefit scheme contributions arising from the MPF Scheme charged to profit or
                     loss were approximately US$209,000 (2019: US$182,000).

                     The PRC
                     In accordance with the relevant rules and regulations of the PRC, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to
                     make contributions to the retirement fund administered by the PRC government ranging from 10% to 22% of the
                     total monthly basic salaries of the current employees. In addition, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required by
                     law to contribute 2% to 15% of basic salaries of the employees for social insurance in relating to staff welfare,
                     housing, medical and education benefits. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the costs charged under such
                     arrangements for the Group’s PRC subsidiaries amounted to approximately US$9,282,000 (2019: US$9,942,000).

                     Korea
                     The Group’s Korean subsidiaries are required by law to contribute 0.833% to 4.5% of the average salaries of the
                     employees for national pension, national health insurance, unemployment insurance, industrial accident compensation
                     insurance and wage claim guarantee fund. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the cost charged under such
                     arrangements for the Group’s Korean subsidiaries amounted to approximately US$1,139,000 (2019: US$1,303,000).

                     In the PRC and Korea, the Group cannot reduce the existing level of contributions by the forfeited contributions made
                     by the employers on behalf of the employees who leave the defined contribution schemes before the vesting period.
                     As such, no forfeited contribution was used to reduce both years’ level of contributions and no forfeited contribution
                     was available at 31 December 2020 and 2019 to reduce future years’ contributions in the PRC and Korea. In Hong
                     Kong, the Group has utilized nil forfeited contributions to reduce the current year’s level of contributions for the year
                     ended 31 December 2020 (US$22,000 for the year ended 31 December 2019). As at 31 December 2020 and 2019,
                     no material forfeited contribution was available to reduce the contribution payable in future years in Hong Kong.


             (b)     Defined benefit retirement plan

                     Korea
                     In accordance with the relevant rules and regulations in Korea, all employees with more than one year of service are
                     entitled to lump-sum severance payments equal to one month’s pay of service for each year based on their rate of
                     latest salary and the length of service upon termination of their employment or retirement.

                     The scheme is funded by contributions from the Group’s Korean subsidiaries in accordance with an independent
                     actuary’s recommendation based on annual actuarial valuations. The latest independent actuarial valuation of the
                     scheme was at 31 December 2020 and were prepared by the qualified staff of Shinhan Bank Co., Ltd, who are
                     members of the Society of Actuaries of the United States of America and Institute of Actuaries of Korea, using the
                     projected unit credit method.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                         141




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




13. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Continued)

       (b)     Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

               Korea (Continued)
               The plan exposes the Group to actuarial risks, such as investment risk, interest rate risk and salary risk. Information
               about the plan is disclosed below:

               (i)     The amount recognized in the statement of financial position is as follows:

                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                                 US$’000                  US$’000

                       Present value of wholly or partly funded obligations                           17,327                      –
                       Fair value of plan assets                                                     (14,535)                     –


                       Net defined benefit retirement scheme liability                                2,792                       –


                       A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not
                       practicable to segregate this amount from the amounts recoverable in the next twelve months, as future
                       contributions will also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and
                       market conditions. The Group expects to pay US$2,757,000 (2019: US$1,038,000) in contributions to defined
                       benefit retirement scheme during the year ended 31 December 2020.

               (ii)    Plan assets consist of the following:

                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                                 US$’000                  US$’000

                       Cash                                                                          (14,535)                     –


                       There were no asset-liability matching strategies used by the scheme of the Group.

               (iii)   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations:

                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                                 US$’000                  US$’000

                       At beginning of the year                                                           –                       –
                       Reclassification                                                              13,758                       –
                       Remeasurements:
                       – Actuarial losses from changes in experience                                    609                       –
                       – Actuarial losses from changes in
                           financial assumptions                                                        992                       –


                                                                                                     15,359                       –
                       Benefits paid by the scheme                                                     (734)                      –
                       Current service cost                                                           1,410                       –
                       Interest cost                                                                    226                       –
                       Exchange differences                                                           1,066                       –


                       At end of the year                                                            17,327                       –




                                                                    Annual Report 2020      /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
142




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      13. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Continued)

             (b)     Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

                     Korea (Continued)
                     (iv)   Movements in plan assets:

                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                                                                                                   US$’000                 US$’000

                            At beginning of the year                                                      –                        –
                            Reclassification                                                        (12,660)                       –
                            Group’s contributions paid to the plan                                   (1,575)                       –
                            Benefits paid by the plan                                                   720                        –
                            Return on plan assets greater than discount rate                            152                        –
                            Administrative expenses paid from plan assets                                33                        –
                            Interest income                                                            (328)                       –
                            Exchange differences                                                       (877)                       –


                            At end of the year                                                      (14,535)                       –


                     (v)    Amounts recognized in the consolidated profit or loss and other comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                                                                                                   US$’000                 US$’000

                            Current service cost                                                      1,409                        –
                            Net interest cost                                                          (101)                       –
                            Administrative expenses paid from plan assets                                33                        –


                            Total amounts recognized in profit or loss                                1,341                        –


                            Actuarial losses                                                          1,602                        –
                            Return on plan assets less than discount rate                               151                        –


                            Total amounts recognized in other comprehensive income,
                              before tax                                                              1,753                        –


                            Tax expenses                                                               (425)                       –
                            Total amounts recognized in other comprehensive income                    1,328                        –




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.      /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                      143




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




13. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Continued)

       (b)     Defined benefit retirement plan (Continued)

               Korea (Continued)
               (vi)   The principal actuarial assumptions used as at 31 December 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                  2020                     2019

                      Discount rate                                                      2.72%-2.74%                           –
                      Future salary increases                                                  5.00%                           –


                      The below analysis shows how the defined benefit obligation as at 31 December 2020 would have increased/
                      (decreased) as a result of 1% change in the significant actuarial assumptions:

                                                                                              Increase                 Decrease
                                                                                                 in 1%                    in 1%
                                                                                              US$’000                  US$’000

                      Discount rate                                                              (1,356)                   1,046
                      Future salary increases                                                     1,005                   (1,345)


                      The above sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions are not
                      correlated and therefore it does not take into account the correlations between the actuarial assumptions.

                      The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the portfolio as a whole and not on the sum
                      of the returns on individual asset categories. The return is based on market expectation, at the beginning of
                      the year, for returns net of administrative costs, over the entire life of the related obligations.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
144




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                          Electric
                                                              Freehold                 and steam      Office and
                                                                land in                generating      electronic     Motor     Construction
                                                                 Korea    Buildings      facilities   equipment     vehicles     in progress          Total
                                                              US$’000      US$’000       US$’000         US$’000    US$’000         US$’000        US$’000

             COST
             At 1 January 2019                                  75,025     634,747      2,772,979         13,285      4,160          215,546      3,715,742
             Exchange differences                               (2,341)    (81,751)      (197,171)        (2,515)      (169)          (15,376)     (299,323)
             Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 38)                   –       7,444          16,965             3          –               194         24,606
             Additions                                               –      85,886          36,673         6,092      2,107        1,058,744      1,189,502
             Disposals                                               –     (11,722)        (17,766)       (1,179)      (864)               (56)      (31,587)
             Reclassified as held for sale (note 27)                 –           –         (44,112)         (981)         –                  –       (45,093)
             Transfer                                                –      30,816        212,478             22          –         (243,316)              –


             At 31 December 2019                                72,684     665,420      2,780,046         14,727      5,234        1,015,736      4,553,847
             Exchange differences                                4,910      57,339        306,253          3,241        740           88,531        461,014
             Additions                                               –      18,354         49,053          2,506      2,531        1,128,688      1,201,132
             Disposals                                               –        (179)       (67,964)        (1,472)      (592)          (2,557)       (72,764)
             Disposal of a subsidiary (note 39)                      –      (8,024)       (32,454)          (197)      (178)            (212)       (41,065)
             Transfer                                                –     148,351        632,061            266          –         (780,678)             –


             At 31 December 2020                                77,594     881,261      3,666,995         19,071      7,735        1,449,508      6,102,164


             ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND
               IMPAIRMENT
             At 1 January 2019                                       –     225,666        803,281          7,830      2,667                  –    1,039,444
             Exchange differences                                    –     (16,464)      (101,053)        (1,201)      (109)                 –     (118,827)
             Charge for the year                                     –      23,556        133,892          1,853        530                  –      159,831
             Impairment losses recognized in profit or loss
               (Note a)                                              –      15,572         29,315            752           –                 –       45,639
             Reversal of impairment losses recognized in
               profit or loss                                        –       (2,178)       (15,359)         (110)          –                 –      (17,647)
             Disposals                                               –       (4,756)       (14,894)       (1,049)       (799)                –      (21,498)
             Reclassified as held for sale (note 27)                 –            –        (23,889)         (886)          –                 –      (24,775)


             At 31 December 2019                                     –     241,396        811,293          7,189      2,289                  –    1,062,167
             Exchange differences                                    –      26,117        122,364          2,563        481                  –      151,525
             Charge for the year                                     –      38,440        151,330          2,278        983                  –      193,031
             Impairment losses recognized in
               profit or loss (Note b)                               –        1,814          2,570             –          –                  –        4,384
             Disposals                                               –          (45)       (28,811)       (1,352)      (553)                 –      (30,761)
             Disposal of a subsidiary (note 39)                      –       (5,587)       (19,770)          (40)       (97)                 –      (25,494)


             At 31 December 2020                                     –     302,135      1,038,976         10,638      3,103                  –    1,354,852


             CARRYING AMOUNTS
             At 31 December 2020                                77,594     579,126      2,628,019          8,433      4,632        1,449,508      4,747,312


             At 31 December 2019                                72,684     424,024      1,968,753          7,538      2,945        1,015,736      3,491,680


             At 31 December 2020, the Group has not yet obtained the ownership certificates of certain buildings with carrying values of
             US$8,229,000 (2019: US$46,379,000).




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                   /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                          145




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
       At 31 December 2020 and 2019, certain amounts of the property, plant and equipment have been pledged as securities for
       the borrowings. Details are set out in note 31.

       Notes:
       (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group recognized an impairment loss of US$45,639,000 with respect to the end of the operating
                period of power plant located in the Henan province, which will be expired by 31 December 2019. The Group has no intention to extend the
                operating period due to cost efficiency and performed an impairment assessment with recoverable amounts of the relevant assets determined on the
                basis of fair value less cost of disposal. In determining the fair value of the relevant plant and equipment, the Group engaged a third party qualified
                valuer to perform the valuation. The fair value has been arrived at on the basis of market approach with reference to the second-hand market value.

       (b)      As disclosed in note 16, the carrying amounts of certain PRC cash-generating units are higher than their respective recoverable amounts. Impairment
                losses are recognized by first reducing the carrying amounts of the goodwill allocated to the cash-generating units, and the remaining impairment
                losses of US$4,384,000 are allocated to properties, plant and equipment in the cash-generating units.


15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                                              Leasehold                    Land and
                                                                                                  lands                    buildings                       Total
                                                                                                US$’000                     US$’000                     US$’000

       As at 1 January 2019
       Carrying amount                                                                             51,345                      28,307                     79,652

       As at 31 December 2019
       Carrying amount                                                                             49,841                      35,985                     85,826

       For the year ended 31 December 2019
       Depreciation charge                                                                           3,574                       4,179                      7,753

       Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                                                                   15,762


       As at 1 January 2020
       Carrying amount                                                                             49,841                      35,985                     85,826

       As at 31 December 2020
       Carrying amount                                                                             52,768                      33,869                     86,637

       For the year ended 31 December 2020
       Depreciation charge                                                                           9,659                       3,874                    13,533

       Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                                                                   10,445

       Amounts in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                                                           2020                            2019
                                                                                                                        US$’000                         US$’000

       Within operating cash flows                                                                                          1,635                           2,411
       Within investing cash flows                                                                                          4,064                           3,150
       Within financing cash flows                                                                                          7,731                           4,378

                                                                                                                           13,430                           9,939


       For both years, the Group leases land and buildings (including offices and rooftops) for its operations. Other than the lease
       contracts of land use rights which are entered into for 17 to 30 years, lease contracts for other assets are entered into for fixed
       term of 3 months to 20 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms
       and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the
       definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

       In addition, the Group owns several industrial buildings where its operating facilities are primarily located with office buildings.
       The Group is the registered owner of these property interests, including the underlying leasehold lands. Lump sum payments
       were made upfront to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these owned properties have been
       presented separately.



                                                                                  Annual Report 2020            /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
146




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      16. GOODWILL
                                                                                                                               2020                           2019
                                                                                                                            US$’000                        US$’000

             COST
             At 1 January                                                                                                    167,236                        169,976
             Exchange differences                                                                                             11,508                         (2,740)

             At 31 December                                                                                                  178,744                        167,236


             ACCUMULATED IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
             At 1 January                                                                                                            –                               –
             Impairment losses recognized in profit or loss                                                                     (8,995)                              –
             Exchange differences                                                                                                 (508)                              –

                                                                                                                                (9,503)                              –

             CARRYING AMOUNTS
             At 31 December                                                                                                  169,241                        167,236



             Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill
             Goodwill is allocated to the following cash-generating units (“CGUs”) or group of cash-generating units as follow:

                                                                                                                               2020                           2019
                                                                                                                            US$’000                        US$’000

             Wind Energy Subsidiaries (as defined below) (Note)                                                              120,954                        115,013
             Solar Energy Subsidiaries (as defined below) (Note)                                                              46,810                         50,788
             Multiple units without significant goodwill                                                                       1,477                          1,435

                                                                                                                             169,241                        167,236


             Note:

             For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the subsidiaries under CGN Wind Energy Limited acquired in 2015 (“Wind Energy
             Subsidiaries”) and subsidiaries under CGN Solar Energy Development Co., Ltd. acquired in 2015 (“Solar Energy Subsidiaries”) which are considered as
             group of cash-generating units. The recoverable amounts of the Wind Energy Subsidiaries and Solar Energy Subsidiaries have been determined based on
             value in use calculations. Goodwill impairment testing has been assessed for the Wind Energy Subsidiaries and Solar Energy Subsidiaries individually. These
             calculations are based on the present value of the cash flow projections covering the operation period of each individual cash-generating unit. The cash flow
             projections derived from the most recent financial budgets approved by management which cover operation periods ranging from 9 to 43 years. The cash
             flow projections are discounted using discount rate ranged from 8.73% to 10.17% (2019: from 9.20% to 9.22%). Other key assumptions for the value in use
             calculations relate to the budgeted sales and gross margin, which is determined based on past performance of the Wind Energy Subsidiaries and Solar Energy
             Subsidiaries and management’s expectations for the market development. The estimated annual average growth rates in electricity generation volume ranging
             from -3.0% to 8.1% (2019: 0% to 3.0%).

             During the year ended 31 December 2020, due to the uncertainty of the future tariff rate following the issuance of Caijian No. 4 [2020], Several Opinions on
             Promoting the Healthy Development of the Power Generation of Non-hydro Renewable Energy by the Ministry of Finance, the National Development and
             Reform Commission, and the National Energy Administration, impairment losses of US$1,905,000 and US$7,090,000 were recognized in “Other gains and
             losses” in relation to certain CGUs of the Group’s Wind Energy Subsidiaries and Solar Energy Subsidiaries respectively. Three cash-generating units, CGN
             Gansu Guazhou Wind Power Co., Ltd (中廣核甘肅瓜州風力發電有限公司), CGN Solar Wulan Co., Ltd (中廣核太陽能烏蘭有限公司) and CGN Solar
             (Jiaxing) Co., Ltd. (中廣核太陽能（嘉興）有限公司), have been reduced to their recoverable amounts of US$85,980,000, US$37,317,000 and US$9,018,000
             respectively and adverse change in the assumptions used in the calculations of recoverable amounts would result in further impairment losses.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.               /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                       147




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                                         2020                           2019
                                                                                                                      US$’000                        US$’000

       Cost of unlisted investment in associates                                                                       147,005                        147,005
       Share of post-acquisition profits net of dividends received,
         and exchange realignment                                                                                        59,078                         43,603


                                                                                                                       206,083                        190,608


       The following list contains the particulars of associates of the Group, all of which are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted
       market price is not available:

                                      Place of
                                      establishment
                                      and principle                                                          Proportion of ownership
                                      place of                                    Registered and             interest and voting right
       Name of associates             business            Legal form              paid up capital               held by the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                                                    2020           2019

       Hubei Huadian Xisaishan     The PRC                Sino-foreign equity     Renminbi (“RMB”)                   49%           49% Generation and supply of
        Power Generation Co., Ltd.                          joint venture          950,000,000                                          electricity
        (“Hubei Huadian”)
        湖北華電西塞山發電有公司

       Hubei Xisaishan Power          The PRC             Sino-foreign            RMB945,000,000                     49%           49% Generation and supply of
        Generation Co., Ltd.                                cooperative joint                                                           electricity
        (“Hubei Xisaishan”)                                 venture
        湖北西塞山發電有限公司

       Jiangxi United Energy Co.,     The PRC             Sino-foreign            RMB76,328,972                    6.55%         9.44% Generation and supply of
         Ltd. (“Jiangxi United”)                            cooperative joint      (2019: RMB52,964,485)           (Note)        (Note) electricity
         江西聯合能源有限公司                                         venture

       Note:     The board of directors considered the Group has a significant influence over Jiangxi United as they have nominated a representative on the board of
                 directors and participated in policy-making processes.


       All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2020          /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
148




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

             Summarised financial information of material associates
             Summarised financial information of the above associates, adjusted for any differences in accounting policies, and reconciled
             to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:


             (a)     Hubei Xisaishan
                                                                                                         2020                    2019
                                                                                                      US$’000                 US$’000

                     Gross amount of the associate
                     Current assets                                                                     79,724                  81,717


                     Non-current assets                                                               154,073                  161,283


                     Current liabilities                                                               (65,510)                (85,305)


                     Non-current liabilities                                                              (773)                    (573)


                     Equity                                                                           167,514                  157,122


                     Revenue                                                                          163,206                  197,815


                     Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                 17,590                  18,704


                     Dividends received from the associate during the year                               9,477                   5,215


                                                                                                         2020                    2019
                                                                                                      US$’000                 US$’000

                     Reconciled to Group’s interests in the associate
                     Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                                     167,514                  157,122
                     Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                        49%                      49%
                     Group’s effective interest                                                        82,082                   76,990


                     Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                           82,082                  76,990




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                 149




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

       (b)     Hubei Huadian
                                                                                                 2020                  2019
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000

               Gross amount of the associate
               Current assets                                                                   60,630               76,036


               Non-current assets                                                             475,779               466,459


               Current liabilities                                                            (212,064)             (156,976)


               Non-current liabilities                                                         (76,209)             (158,385)


               Equity                                                                         248,136               227,134


               Revenue                                                                        380,032               484,461


               Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                               42,245               48,259


               Dividends received from the associate during the year                            20,246                 7,837


                                                                                                 2020                  2019
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000

               Reconciled to Group’s interests in the associate
               Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                                   248,136               227,134
               Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                      49%                   49%
               Group’s effective interest                                                     121,587               111,296


                                                                                              121,587               111,296
               Goodwill                                                                         1,591                 1,591


               Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                       123,178               112,887




                                                                    Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
150




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      17. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

             (c)     Jiangxi United
                                                                                   2020        2019
                                                                                US$’000     US$’000

                     Gross amount of the associate
                     Current assets                                               6,473       5,637


                     Non-current assets                                          51,605      23,972


                     Current liabilities                                          (1,758)     (1,150)


                     Non-current liabilities                                     (43,755)    (20,715)


                     Equity                                                      12,565       7,744


                     Revenue                                                      1,636         739


                     Profit and total comprehensive income for the year             438           30


                                                                                   2020        2019
                                                                                US$’000     US$’000

                     Reconciled to Group’s interests in the associate
                     Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                12,565        7,744
                     Group’s share of net assets of the associate                6.55%        9.44%
                     Group’s effective interest                                     823          731


                     Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements       823         731




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                151




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




18. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
    POSITION

       (a)     Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position
               represents:
                                                                                                                        2020                       2019
                                                                                                                     US$’000                    US$’000

               Tax payable
               – PRC EIT                                                                                               3,202                      3,434
               – KCIT                                                                                                  5,879                      6,165


               Tax payable                                                                                             9,081                      9,599


                                                                                                                        2020                       2019
                                                                                                                     US$’000                    US$’000

               Tax recoverable
               – PRC EIT                                                                                                 216                      3,973



       (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized:

               (i)    Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities
                      The following are the major deferred tax (liabilities)/assets recognized and movements thereon during the
                      current and prior years:

                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                          Withholding                 Revaluation     adjustment
                                                                 tax on Accelerated             of    of property,      Deferred
                                                          distributable           tax right-of-use      plant and     connection
                                                                 profits depreciation       assets     equipment         charges     Others           Total
                                                              US$’000       US$’000       US$’000         US$’000       US$’000     US$’000        US$’000

                      At 1 January 2019                        (32,921)       (1,823)       (8,948)        19,356           235         698         (23,403)
                      Exchange differences                         493            79             –           (192)           (2)        (43)            335
                      Acquisition of a subsidiary
                        (note 38)                                    –             –            –           1,167              –           –          1,167
                      Charge to hedging reserve                      –             –            –               –              –      (3,254)        (3,254)
                      (Charge)/credit to profit or loss         (6,268)          (36)         192          (1,116)          (199)          –         (7,427)


                      At 31 December 2019                      (38,696)       (1,780)       (8,756)        19,215              34     (2,599)       (32,582)
                      Exchange differences                       (1,895)        (108)        1,436          1,886               1       (182)         1,138
                      Disposal of a subsidiary
                        (note 39)                                    –            –             –               –            (35)         –              (35)
                      Charge to hedging reserve                      –            –             –               –              –        551             551
                      (Charge)/credit to profit or loss         (2,376)       1,018         1,250          (1,084)             –          –          (1,192)


                      At 31 December 2020                      (42,967)         (870)       (6,070)        20,017               –     (2,230)       (32,120)




                                                                               Annual Report 2020          /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
152




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      18. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
          POSITION (Continued)

             (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized: (Continued)

                     (i)     Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities
                             (Continued)
                             For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
                             and liabilities have been offset. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
                             purposes:

                                                                                                            2020                       2019
                                                                                                         US$’000                    US$’000

                             Deferred tax assets                                                            21,794                    21,134
                             Deferred tax liabilities                                                      (53,914)                  (53,716)


                                                                                                           (32,120)                  (32,582)


                     (ii)    Deferred tax assets not recognized
                             As at 31 December 2020, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately US$60,271,000 (2019:
                             approximately US$31,654,000), available for offset against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been
                             recognized in respect of the tax losses due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. The tax losses will
                             be expired at various times within a period of five years from the year of origination.


      19. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                            2020                       2019
                                                                                                         US$’000                    US$’000

             Deposits for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                    292,757                   192,496
             Value-added tax receivables                                                                  187,061                   128,454
             Prepaid insurance expenditure and usage right of
               electricity transmission facilities                                                             538                       667
             Prepayment for maintenance                                                                     16,650                     4,575
             Others                                                                                          8,059                    12,629


                                                                                                          505,065                   338,821



      20. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                            2020                       2019
                                                                                                         US$’000                    US$’000

             Coal and oil                                                                                    5,204                     7,224
             Spare parts and supplies                                                                       19,418                    21,359
             Less: allowance for inventories                                                                  (177)                        –


                                                                                                            24,445                    28,583




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /        Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                          153




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




21. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                                                                                                   US$’000                 US$’000

       Trade receivables – contracts with customers                                                 430,976                 327,831
       Less: allowance for credit losses                                                               (703)                   (536)


                                                                                                    430,273                 327,295


       The following is the aging analysis of trade receivables net of loss allowance presented based on the invoice date at the end of
       the reporting period, which approximated the revenue recognition dates.

                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                                                                                                   US$’000                 US$’000

       0 – 60 days                                                                                  151,034                 140,573
       61 – 90 days                                                                                  12,617                   9,874
       91 – 180 days                                                                                 39,961                  28,918
       Over 180 days                                                                                226,661                 147,930


                                                                                                    430,273                 327,295


       As at 31 December 2020, included in the Group’s trade receivable balance are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of
       US$135,178,000 (2019: US$123,295,000) from the sales of electricity and other services, which are due within 30 to 90 days
       from the date of billing.

       As at 31 December 2020, included in the Group’s trade receivable balance are debtors with aggregate carrying amount
       of US$295,095,000 (2019: US$204,000,000) from the tariff income receivables. The collection of tariff income receivables
       is subject to settlement by state grid companies upon finalisation of the allocation of funds by relevant PRC government
       authorities to the state grid companies. As a result, the tariff income receivables is not considered as overdue or in default
       because these receivables are tariff income receivables from relevant government authorities pursuant to the 2020 Notice (31
       December 2019: the 2012 Notice) (see note 4). The tariff income receivables have been approved by the relevant government
       authorities and is expected to be recovered within the Group’s normal operating cycle but maybe beyond 12 months from
       the reporting date. Based on the historical settlement record and forward-looking information that is available without undue
       cost and effort at 31 December 2020, the directors of the Company consider the receivables are not credit-impaired and not
       considered as in default as detailed in note 37.

       The Group does not hold any collateral over the trade receivables balances.

       Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from contract assets are set out in note 37.




                                                                     Annual Report 2020      /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
154




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      22. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                                                            2020                    2019
                                                                                                         US$’000                 US$’000

             Tariff income from sales of renewable energy                                                 146,637                 80,031

             Current                                                                                      146,637                      –
             Non-current                                                                                        –                 80,031

                                                                                                          146,637                 80,031


             The contract assets represented tariff income receivables from sale of renewable energy to the local state grid in the PRC,
             which these amounts are pending approval for the registration in the List or the Catalogue by the relevant government
             authorities. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the right become unconditional, upon the Group’s
             respective operating renewable firms are registered in the List or the Catalogue.

             As at 31 December 2020, the balance is classified as current as they are expected to be transferred to trade receivables and
             to be received within the Group’s normal operating cycle.

             Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from contract assets are set out in note 37.


      23. OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
             The balance includes value-added tax receivables of US$61,163,000 (2019: US$41,604,000) and other miscellaneous
             deposits and prepayments.

             All of the balances are expected to be recovered or recognized as expense within one year.


      24. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) ASSOCIATES/FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES/
          NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
             As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, all amounts are non-trade nature, unsecured, non-interest bearing and recoverable/
             (repayable) on demand, except for an amount due to a non-controlling shareholder of US$1,085,000 (2019: US$953,000) is
             repayable in 2032 and is therefore shown as non-current liabilities.


      25. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                            2020                                         2019
                                                                    Assets              Liabilities              Assets           Liabilities
                                                                   US$’000               US$’000               US$’000            US$’000

             Derivatives that are designated and
                effective as hedging instruments
                carried at fair value                                 7,268                      –                  9,030                 –
             Financial assets at FVTPL                                    9                     63                    203               230

             Foreign exchange forward contracts                       7,277                     63                  9,233               230

             Analysed for reporting purposes as:
               Non-current                                            5,445                      –                  8,667                46
               Current                                                1,832                     63                    566               184

                                                                      7,277                     63                  9,233               230




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        155




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




25. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       The major terms of the foreign exchange forward contracts are as follows.

       Notional amounts                     Maturity                               Exchange rate

       At 31 December 2020
       Buy Euro (“EUR”) 1,092,541           Range from 29 January 2021 to          Range from EUR1: KRW1,362.30 to
                                             26 February 2021                       EUR1: KRW1,366.64
       Buy US$1,787,372                     Range from 29 January 2021 to          Range from US$1: KRW1,080.11 to
                                             30 March 2021                          US$1: KRW1,205.00
       Buy Canadian dollar (“CAD”)          Range from 18 Feb 2021 to              Range from CAD1: KRW815.50 to
        284,119,795                          13 December 2023                       CAD1: KRW836.28

       At 31 December 2019
       Buy EUR 9,537,160                    Range from 30 January 2020             Range from EUR1: KRW1,320.71 to
                                             to 26 February 2021                    EUR1: KRW1,366.64
       Buy US$3,826,260                     Range from 31 January 2020             Range from US$1: KRW1,080.11 to
                                             to 26 February 2021                    US$1: KRW1,099.19
       Buy CAD 296,369,795                  Range from 21 July 2020 to             Range from CAD1: KRW815.50 to
                                             13 December 2023                       CAD1: KRW840.80

       The amounts recognized for the foreign exchange forward contracts do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the Group’s
       consolidated statement of financial position since the right of set-off of the recognized amounts is only enforceable upon an
       event of default.

       It is the policy of the Group to enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to manage the foreign currency risk associated
       with certain committed purchase transactions covering 100% of the exposure. Basis adjustments are made to the initial
       carrying amounts of inventories when the anticipated purchases take place.

       For the hedges of highly probable forecast purchases, as the critical terms (i.e. the notional amount, life and underlying) of
       the foreign exchange forward contracts and their corresponding hedged items are the same, the Group performs a qualitative
       assessment of effectiveness and it is expected that the value of the forward contracts and the value of the corresponding
       hedged items will systematically change in opposite direction in response to movements in the underlying exchange rates.

       The Group has entered into contracts to purchases raw materials from suppliers in Canada. The Group has entered into
       foreign exchange forward contracts (for terms exceeding a year) to hedge the exchange rate risk arising from these committed
       future purchases.

       As at 31 December 2020, the aggregate amount of gain under foreign exchange forward contracts deferred in the hedging
       reserve relating to these committed future purchase transactions is US$5,104,000 (2019: loss of US$6,609,000). During
       the year ended 31 December 2020, the gain in fair value of hedging instrument of forecast purchases recognized in other
       comprehensive income, net of deferred tax, is US$1,637,000 (2019: loss of US$10,285,000). It is committed that the
       purchases will take place during the next three years (2019: four years) at which time the amount deferred in equity will be
       removed from equity and included in the carrying amount of the raw materials. It is anticipated that the raw materials will be
       consumed for the generation of electricity and sold within 12 months after purchases.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
156




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      26. BANK BALANCES AND CASH/SHORT-TERM BANK DEPOSITS/
          PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS

             (a)     Bank balances carry interest at market rates which range from 0% to 1.75% (2019: 0% to 1.68%) per annum as at 31
                     December 2020. The pledged bank deposits carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.1% to 0.84% (2019: 0.1%
                     to 1.68%) per annum as at 31 December 2020.

                     Included in the bank balances, deposits of US$34,572,000 (2019: US$28,620,000) has been made to CGNPC
                     Huasheng. These deposits are unsecured, interest bearing at market rates ranging from 0.01% to 0.25% (2019:
                     0.01% to 0.25%) and recoverable on demand. As the Group can withdraw these deposits without giving any notice
                     and without suffering any penalty, the directors of the Company consider that these deposits made to CGNPC
                     Huasheng qualified as cash and cash equivalents.

                     As at 31 December 2020, bank balances and cash of US$304,762,000 (2019: US$329,196,000) are deposited in
                     CGN Finance, a fellow subsidiary established in the PRC with limited liability and a non-banking financial institution
                     subject to the regulations of the People’s Bank of China and the China Banking Regulatory Commission, in the PRC.

                     Short-term bank deposits are bank deposits carry at fixed deposit rate at 1.75% per annum with maturity period for
                     more than three months.

                     Pledged bank deposits are pledged to banks to secure bank borrowings granted to the Group (note 31), and it cannot
                     be withdrawn prior to the approval of the relevant banks.


             (b)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
                     cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will
                     be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                                   Loans from                                     Amounts
                                                                                                         Loans    the ultimate                    Amounts      due to non-
                                                                            Bank        Lease      from fellow         holding    Dividend    due to fellow     controlling
                                                                     borrowings     liabilities   subsidiaries       company       payable     subsidiaries   shareholders         Total
                                                                        US$’000      US$’000          US$’000         US$’000     US$’000          US$’000        US$’000       US$’000
                                                                        (note 31)    (note 32)        (note 30)       (note 30)                   (note 24)       (note 24)

                     At 31 December 2018                               1,964,945            –         743,711                –           –           3,001           9,906     2,721,563
                     Adjustment upon application of IFRS 16                    –       22,162               –                –           –               –               –        22,162


                     At 1 January 2019 (restated)                      1,964,945       22,162         743,711                –           –           3,001            9,906    2,743,725
                     Financing cash flows (Note)                         675,455       (4,378)        303,322                –     (21,883)          5,460           (4,505)     953,471
                     Dividend declared                                         –            –               –                –      21,883               –            4,505       26,388
                     Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 38)                22,276            –               –                –           –               –                –       22,276
                     New leases entered                                        –       12,612               –                –           –               –                –       12,612
                     Interest expenses recognized                         91,499          707          29,914                –           –               –                –      122,120
                     Foreign exchange translation                       (156,278)        (761)         (4,251)               –           –             (49)            (363)    (161,702)


                     At 31 December 2019                               2,597,897       30,342       1,072,696                –           –           8,412           9,543     3,718,890


                     Financing cash flows (Note)                        705,063        (7,731)         (41,382)       393,732            –         (41,575)          (6,305)   1,001,802
                     Disposal of a subsidiary (note 39)                  (5,651)         (820)               –              –            –               –                –       (6,471)
                     New leases entered                                       –         6,143                –              –            –               –                –        6,143
                     Interest expenses recognized                        99,753         1,418                –          2,259            –          41,575                –      145,005
                     Dividend declared                                        –             –                –              –            –               –            4,618        4,618
                     Foreign exchange translation                       213,782         1,570           23,436         22,406            –             326              594      262,114


                     At 31 December 2020                               3,610,844       30,922       1,054,750         418,397            –           8,738           8,450     5,132,101



                     Note:         The cash flows from bank borrowings, lease liabilities, loans from fellow subsidiaries and the ultimate holding company, dividend payable,
                                   amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, and amounts due to non-controlling shareholders make up the net amount of proceeds and
                                   repayments in the consolidated statement of cash flows.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                       /   Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                        157




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




27. NON-CURRENT ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
       On 8 May 2019, the Group entered into an agreement with an independent third party, committee of Haian National Economic
       And Technical Development Zone (the “Committee”), to dispose of one of the Group’s construction lands and certain electric
       and steam generating facilities and equipment in the PRC. The assets that are expected to be sold within twelve months
       from the end of the reporting period have been classified as non-current assets classified as held for sale and are separately
       presented in the consolidated statement of financial position.

       Major classes of assets as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                                 US$’000                  US$’000

       Total assets classified as held for sale
         – Property, plant and equipment                                                                 –                  20,318


       During the year ended 31 December 2020, the above assets have been transferred to the Committee and non-current assets
       classified as held for sale is derecognized.


28. TRADE PAYABLES
       The following is an aging analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                                 US$’000                  US$’000

       0 – 60 days                                                                                 58,490                   82,787
       61 – 90 days                                                                                 1,679                   73,365
       Over 90 days                                                                                10,535                   86,619


       Total                                                                                       70,704                 242,771


       The average credit period on purchases of goods is 26 days (2019: 39 days) for the year ended 31 December 2020. The
       Group has financial risk management policies in place to ensure all payables are settled within the credit period.


29. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                                 US$’000                  US$’000

       Construction costs payable                                                                335,382                  275,911
       Staff costs payable                                                                        11,583                    9,005
       Accrued interest expense on borrowings                                                      3,904                    3,437
       Value-added tax payable                                                                    11,678                   12,478
       Others                                                                                     35,477                   31,868


                                                                                                 398,024                  332,699


       All of the amounts are expected to be settled within one year.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020    /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
158




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      30. LOANS FROM FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES AND THE ULTIMATE HOLDING
          COMPANY
             As at 31 December 2020, the amounts represent:

                                                                                                                          2020                          2019
                                                                                            Notes                      US$’000                       US$’000

             Loans from fellow subsidiaries
               – due within 1 year:
             CGN Finance                                                                        i                       179,313                       229,351
             CGN Wind Energy                                                                   ii                        91,955                       143,345
             CGNPC Huasheng                                                                    iii                      250,000                             –


                                                                                                                        521,268                       372,696


             Loan from the ultimate holding company
               – due within 1 year:
             CGN                                                                               iv                       295,790                               –


             Loan from fellow subsidiaries
               – due after 1 year:
             CGN Finance                                                                        i                         6,753                             –
             CGN Finance                                                                        i                        76,729                             –
             CGNPC Huasheng                                                                    iii                            –                       250,000
             China Clean Energy Development Limited                                            v                        450,000                       450,000


                                                                                                                        533,482                       700,000


             Loan from the ultimate holding company
               – due after 1 year:
             CGN                                                                               iv                       122,607                               –


             Notes:

             (i)      Loan from CGN Finance of RMB1,170,000,000 (equivalent to US$179,313,000) (2019: RMB1,600,000,000 (equivalent to US$229,351,000)) is
                      unsecured, interest bearing at 3.45% per annum and repayable in 2021.

                      Loan from CGN Finance of RMB44,056,000 (equivalent to US$6,753,000) (2019: nil) is unsecured, interest bearing at 4.21% per annum and
                      repayable in 2035.

                      Loan from CGN Finance of RMB500,651,000 (equivalent to US$76,729,000) (2019: nil) is unsecured, interest bearing at RMB Loan Prime Rate
                      announced by the PRC National Interbank Funding Center minus 0.39% per annum and repayable in 2040.

             (ii)     Loan from CGN Wind Energy of RMB600,000,000 (equivalent to US$91,955,000) (2019: RMB1,000,000,000 (equivalent to US$143,345,000)) is
                      unsecured, interest bearing at 3.50% per annum and repayable in 2021.

             (iii)    Loan from CGNPC Huasheng of US$250,000,000 (2019: US$250,000,000) is unsecured, interest bearing at 3 months London Interbank Offered
                      Rate plus 1.30% per annum and repayable in 2021.

             (iv)     Loan from CGN of RMB1,930,000,000 (equivalent to US$295,790,000) (2019: nil) is unsecured, interest bearing at 3.00% per annum and repayable
                      in 2021.

                      Loan from CGN of RMB800,000,000 (equivalent to US$122,607,000) (2019: nil) is unsecured, interest bearing at 3.00% per annum and repayable in
                      2022.

             (v)      Loan from China Clean Energy Development Limited (“China Clean Energy”) of US$450,000,000 (2019: US$450,000,000) is unsecured, interest
                      bearing at 4.50% per annum and repayable in 2025.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.            /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                   159




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




31. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                                US$’000               US$’000

       Secured                                                                                 2,979,540            2,189,360
       Unsecured                                                                                 631,304              408,537


                                                                                               3,610,844            2,597,897


       The maturity profile of bank borrowings is as follows:

       Within 1 year                                                                            721,579               576,214


       After 1 year but within 2 years                                                           323,538              315,074
       After 2 years but within 5 years                                                          951,658              648,395
       Over 5 years                                                                            1,614,069            1,058,214


                                                                                               2,889,265            2,021,683


                                                                                               3,610,844            2,597,897


       The exposure of the fixed-rate borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                                US$’000               US$’000

       Fixed-rate borrowings
          Within 1 year                                                                         131,812               404,131
          After 1 year but within 2 years                                                       105,789                20,321
          After 2 years but within 5 years                                                      273,603                71,764
          Over 5 years                                                                          479,601               177,643


                                                                                                990,805               673,859


       The exposure of the variable-rate borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                                US$’000               US$’000

       Variable-rate borrowings
         Within 1 year                                                                           589,767              172,083
         After 1 year but within 2 years                                                         217,749              294,753
         After 2 years but within 5 years                                                        678,055              576,631
         Over 5 years                                                                          1,134,468              880,571


                                                                                               2,620,039            1,924,038




                                                                      Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
160




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      31. BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
             All bank borrowings at the end of the reporting period are denominated in the functional currency of the respective group
             entities. The bank borrowings of the Group carry interest rates which range from 1.47% to 4.90% (2019: 1.75% to 6.62%) per
             annum during the year ended 31 December 2020.

             As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the variable-rate bank borrowings of the Group carry interest at the PRC’s lending rate
             less certain margin, South Korean Government Treasury Bond Rate, One Year Corporate Bond Rate plus 1.2% (2019: 1.2%),
             or Three Year Corporate Bond Rate plus 1.2% (2019: 1.2%). The maturities of these borrowings are ranging from within twelve
             months from the reporting period end to 2029 and 2030.

             Included in the Group’s secured bank borrowings, US$45,978,000 (2019: US$71,762,000) and US$1,893,000 (2019:
             US$2,123,000) are guaranteed by the Group’s fellow subsidiaries, CGN Wind Energy and CGN Solar Energy Development
             Co., Ltd., respectively.

             An amount of US$4,003,000 (2019: US$16,846,000) of the unsecured bank borrowings is guaranteed by CGN Wind Energy.

             The Group pledged the following assets to banks for credit facilities granted to the Group.

                                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                                       US$’000              US$’000

             Property, plant and equipment                                                            1,249,976            2,277,708
             Right-of-use assets                                                                             23                   22
             Trade receivables                                                                          311,348              209,912
             Contract assets                                                                            119,086               60,913
             Bank deposits                                                                              134,527              141,833


                                                                                                      1,814,960            2,690,388




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                   161




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




32. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                                US$’000               US$’000

       Lease liabilities payable:
       Within 1 year                                                                               5,144                6,395
       After 1 year but within 2 years                                                             2,661                4,001
       After 2 years but within 5 years                                                            6,429                6,138
       Over 5 years                                                                               32,486               28,232


                                                                                                  46,720                44,766
       Less: Total future interest expenses                                                      (15,798)              (14,424)


       Lease liabilities included in the consolidated statement of financial position
         as at 31 December                                                                        30,922               30,342
       Less: Amount due for settlement within 1 year shown
                under current liabilities                                                         (3,900)               (5,441)


       Amount due for settlement after 1 year shown under non-current liabilities                 27,022               24,901


33. GOVERNMENT GRANTS
       The government grants consist of (i) subsidies of RMB14,349,000 (equivalent to US$2,199,000) (2019: RMB14,645,000,
       equivalent to US$2,127,000) given by the PRC government to certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC for operating
       cost and environmental protection; and (ii) grants of RMB49,300,000 (equivalent to US$7,556,000) (2019: RMB53,300,000,
       equivalent to US$7,640,000) given by the PRC government to a subsidiary of the Group in respect of a project for the
       construction of property, plant and equipment.

       In 2020, the Company successfully applied for funding support amounted to HK$1,162,000(equivalent to US$150,000) from
       the Employment Support Scheme under the Anti-epidemic Fund, set up by the Hong Kong SAR Government. The purpose of
       the funding is to provide financial support to enterprises to retain their employees.

       During the year ended 31 December 2020, certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC received value-added tax refund
       amounted to US$3,525,000 (2019: US$5,097,000) from the PRC government, which are recognized as other income upon
       receipt.

       The movement of the government grants during the year is set out below:

                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                                US$’000               US$’000

       As at 1 January                                                                             9,767               10,748
       Exchange differences                                                                          639                 (137)
       Receipt of government grants                                                                4,302                5,136
       Recognition as other income (note 6)                                                       (4,953)              (5,980)

       As at 31 December                                                                           9,755                9,767


       Analysed for reporting purposes as:
         Current                                                                                     207                  810
         Non-current                                                                               9,548                8,957

                                                                                                   9,755                9,767




                                                                      Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
162




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      34. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                            2020                      2019
                                                                                                         US$’000                   US$’000

             Advance payments received from customers
             – Sales of steam                                                                                2,717                    1,908
             – Connection charges                                                                                –                      140


                                                                                                             2,717                    2,048


             Analysed for reporting purposes as:
               Current                                                                                       2,717                    1,980
               Non-current                                                                                       –                       68


                                                                                                             2,717                    2,048


             Contract liabilities other than those that are not expected to be settled within the Group’s normal operating cycle are classified
             as current and non-current based on the Group’s earliest obligation to transfer goods or services to the customers.

             Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognized are as follows:


             Sales of steam
             The Group receives deposits from the customers before the generation of steam activity commences, this gives rise to
             contract liabilities at the start of the contract, until the goods, i.e. steam is supplied to the customers.

             The amount of advance payment received from customers for sales of steam is expected to be recognized as income within
             one year.


             Connection charges
             Connection charges are one-off charges to new customers for connecting into a heat supply network approved by government
             in the PRC. The estimated service life of the connection is five years. This gives rise to contract liabilities at the start of a
             contract, until the revenue recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated service life.

             The amount of US$2,048,000 included in the contract liabilities at 31 December 2019 has been recognized as revenue in
             2020 (2019: US$2,131,000).




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                            163




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




35. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
       The Company’s share option scheme (the “2015 Scheme”), was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 24 November
       2015 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors and eligible employees. The 2015 Scheme will remain in
       force for a period of 10 years commencing from the date on which the 2015 Scheme is adopted by the shareholders. Under
       the 2015 Scheme, the board of directors of the Company may grant options to eligible employees, including directors of the
       Company and its subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in the Company.

       The exercise price in relation to each share option was determined by the board of directors at its absolute discretion and was
       not less than the highest of (i) the official closing price of the shares of the Company as stated in the daily quotation sheet
       of the Stock Exchange on the date of offer of share options; (ii) the average of the official closing prices of the shares of the
       Company as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding
       the date of offer of share options; and (iii) the nominal value of a share of the Company on the date of offer of share options.
       Each of the grantees was required to pay HK$1 as consideration for the grant of share options in accordance with the 2015
       Scheme.

       Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to any of their respective
       associates, were subject to approval in advance by the Independent Non-executive directors. In addition, any share options
       granted to a substantial shareholder or an Independent Non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates,
       in excess of in aggregate 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue (based on the date of offer) and an aggregate value of
       HK$5,000,000 (based on the closing price of the Company’s shares at the date of each offer), within any 12-month period,
       were subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting.

       On 8 December 2015 and 30 December 2015, 34,450,000 share options and 1,160,000 share options have been granted to
       certain eligible participants. The total number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the 2015 Scheme is
       not permitted to exceed 10% of the shares of the Company in issue as at the date of adoption of the 2015 Scheme, without
       prior approval from the Company’s shareholders. The number of shares issued and to be issued in respect of which options
       granted and may be granted to any individual in any one year is not permitted to exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in
       issue at any point in time, without prior approval from the Company’s shareholders.

       Subject to satisfaction of the relevant vesting condition, the share options are exercisable during each period specified below
       for up to the number of shares specified (i) on the first business day after 24 months from the date of grant to the last business
       day in the 60th month after the date of grant, approximately one-third of the options granted will be exercisable, (ii) on the
       first business day after 36 months from the date of grant to the last business day in the 72nd month after the date of grant,
       approximately an additional one-third of the options granted will be exercisable; and (iii) on the first business day after 48
       months from the date of grant to the last business day in the 84th month after the date of grant, approximately the remaining
       one-third of the options granted will be exercisable.

       The following tables disclose details of the share options held by directors, employees and other eligible participants under the
       2015 Scheme and movements in such holdings during the year ended 31 December 2019:




                                                                     Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
164




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      35. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

             2019
                                                                  Number of share options
                                                          Reclassified    Forfeited          Lapsed                                                                              Exercise
                                                       At      during        during           during             At Date of                                                         price
             Grantees                            1.1.2019    the year      the year         the year    31.12.2019 grant      Vesting period           Exercisable period       per share
                                                                            (Note a)         (Note a)      (Note b)                                                                  HK$

             Directors of the Company

             Mr. CHEN Sui 陳遂                      233,334            –             –        (233,334)           – 8.12.2015   8.12.2015 to 7.12.2019   8.12.2019 to 7.12.2022       1.612

             Mr. LI Yilun 李亦倫                     210,000            –             –        (210,000)           – 8.12.2015   8.12.2015 to 7.12.2019   8.12.2019 to 7.12.2022       1.612

                                                  443,334            –             –        (443,334)           –

             Other employees of the Group       8,500,000            –    (1,616,666)   (6,883,334)             – 8.12.2015   8.12.2015 to 7.12.2019   8.12.2019 to 7.12.2022       1.612

                                                8,943,334            –    (1,616,666)   (7,326,668)             –


             Exercisable                                –                                                       –


             Notes:

             a.            Among the lapsed share-options during 2019, 7,326,668 share options were lapsed due to the failure of fulfilling the performance conditions set out
                           in the share option scheme and 1,616,666 share options were forfeited by employees who have left the Company.

             b.            One-third of total share options granted will be exercisable after 2 years, 3 years and 4 years from the date of grant.

             The Group recognized the total expense of US$180,000 for the year ended 31 December 2019 in relation to share options
             granted by the Company.

             All of the share options were lapsed during the year ended 31 December 2019.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                     /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                       165




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




36. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

       (a)     Movements in components of equity
               The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity
               is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s individual
               components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

                                                             Share              Share      Share option             Capital     Accumulated                Total
                                                            capital          premium            reserve             reserve          profits              equity
                                                           US$’000           US$’000           US$’000             US$’000          US$’000             US$’000
                                                                                                                   (Note (i))

               At 1 January 2019                                  55          250,406               2,565           242,045             32,097           527,168

               Profit for the year and total
                  comprehensive income                             –                  –                 –                 –             24,649            24,649
               Effects of share options (note 35)                  –                  –               180                 –                  –               180
               Lapse of share options (note 35)                    –                  –            (2,745)                –              2,745                 –
               Deemed capital contribution                         –                  –                 –               122                  –               122
               Strike off of a subsidiary (Note (ii))              –                  –                 –          (164,106)                 –          (164,106)
               Dividend declared and paid
                  (note 36(b)(ii))                                 –                  –                 –                  –           (21,883)           (21,883)


               At 31 December 2019                                55          250,406                   –            78,061             37,608           366,130

               Profit for the year and total
                  comprehensive income                             –                  –                 –                  –            57,538            57,538


               At 31 December 2020                                55          250,406                   –            78,061             95,146           423,668


               Notes:

               (i)        The capital reserve represented the difference between the investment cost and the carrying value of certain subsidiaries arising from the
                          internal group reorganisation.

               (ii)       On 1 November 2019, the Company entered into a resolution to strike off MPC Investment (BVI) Company Limited which was dormant
                          from the BVI Government Register. Accordingly, the Company reversed a deemed capital contribution of US$164,106,000 arising from
                          release of capital reserve.


       (b)     Dividends

               (i)        Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the company attributable to
                          the year

                                                                                                                         2020                           2019
                                                                                                                      US$’000                        US$’000

                          Final dividend proposed after the end of
                             the reporting period of 1.59 cents per ordinary share
                             (2019: Nil cents per ordinary share)                                                        68,300                                –


                                                                                                                         68,300                                –


                          The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized as a liability at the
                          end of the reporting period.


                                                                                 Annual Report 2020          /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
166




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      36. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

             (b)     Dividends (Continued)

                     (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the company attributable to
                            the previous financial year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                        2020                     2019
                                                                                                     US$’000                  US$’000

                            Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
                               approved and paid during the year
                               (2019: 0.51 cents per share)                                                  –                  21,883




             (c)     Share capital

                     (i)    Issued share capital

                                                                                           Number of shares              Share capital
                                                                                                                             HK$’000

                            Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 cent each

                            Authorised:
                              At 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019 and 2020                   250,000,000,000                    25,000


                            Issued and fully paid:
                               At 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019 and 2020                    4,290,824,000                       429


                                                                                                                              US$’000

                            Shown in the consolidated financial statements as                                                       55


                            The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are
                            entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the
                            Company’s residual assets.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.      /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                           167




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




36. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

       (d)     Reserves

               (i)     Other non-distributable reserves
                       Other non-distributable reserves principally represent statutory reserves required to be appropriated from
                       profit after income tax of the subsidiaries established in the PRC, under the relevant laws and regulations.
                       Allocation to the statutory reserves shall be approved by the board of directors of the relevant subsidiaries.
                       The appropriation to statutory reserves may cease if the balance of the statutory reserves has reached 50% of
                       the registered capital of the respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserves may be used to make up losses or
                       for conversion into capital. The relevant subsidiaries may, upon the approval by a resolution of shareholders’
                       general meeting/board of directors’ meeting, convert their statutory reserves into capital in proportion to their
                       then existing shareholdings. However, when converting the statutory reserves into capital, the balance of such
                       reserve remaining unconverted must not be less than 25% of the registered capital.

               (ii)    Hedging reserve
                       The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
                       instruments used in cash flow hedges pending subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow in accordance
                       with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedges in note 2(h).

               (iii)   Translation reserve
                       The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
                       statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out
                       in notes 2(v).


       (e)     Capital management
               The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
               maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balances. The Group’s overall
               strategy remains unchanged throughout the year.

               The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, amounts
               due to non-controlling shareholders, loans from fellow subsidiaries and the ultimate holding company and bank
               borrowings, as disclosed in notes 24, 30 and 31, respectively, net of pledged bank deposits, short-term bank
               deposits, bank balances and cash, and equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company, comprising issued
               capital, accumulated profits and other reserves.

               The management of the Group reviews the capital structure from time to time. As part of this review, the management
               considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the
               management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, the issue of new
               shares, new debts or the redemption of existing debts.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
168




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS
             Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business. The Group is
             also exposed to equity price risk arising from movements in its own equity share price.

             The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to manage
             these risks are described below.


             (a)     Credit risk
                     Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to
                     the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade receivables, contract assets, other receivables,
                     amounts due from associates and fellow subsidiaries, pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and bank
                     balances.

                     The Group has been largely dependent on a small number of customers which are state-owned enterprises for
                     a substantial portion of its business. Most of the power plants of the Group sell the electricity generated to their
                     respective customers who are the principal grid companies where the power plant is located. The failure of these
                     customers to make required payments could have a substantial negative impact on the Group’s profits. The Group
                     has concentration of credit risk as 90% (2019: 96%) of the total trade receivables was due from 23 (2019: 23) state-
                     owned enterprises as at 31 December 2020. In order to minimise credit risk, the management of the Group has
                     delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to
                     ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue receivables.

                     The Group applies the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL for trade
                     receivables and contract assets. Expected loss rate of these trade receivables and contract assets are assessed to
                     be low, because these debtors are state-owned entities with sound credit ratings. In addition, the directors of the
                     Company are confident that all of the Group’s operating renewable firms are able to be registered in the Catalogue
                     or the List in due course and the accrued revenue on tariff income are fully recoverable but only subject to timing of
                     allocation of funds from the PRC government. Accordingly, the credit risk regarding contract assets of tariff income
                     receivables is limited.

                     For other receivables and amounts due from associates and fellow subsidiaries, the Group measures the loss
                     allowance equal to a 12-month ECL unless credit risks has increased significantly since initial recognition, in which
                     case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The credit risk on other receivables is limited as other receivables are mainly
                     value-added tax receivables, prepayments and deposits, which are expected to be deducted from value-added
                     tax payables or recognized as expenses in the future. The credit risk on amounts due from associates and fellow
                     subsidiaries are limited as the counterparties are operating smoothly and with sound collection history.

                     The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from short-term bank deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank balances
                     is limited because the counterparties are banks and financial institutions with sound credit ratings, for which the Group
                     considers to have low credit risk.

                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, a reversal of impairment loss of US$99,000 (2019: reversal of impairment
                     loss of US$1,008,000) was made on credit-impaired debtors for trade and other receivables due to subsequent
                     recovery.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                         169




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

       (b)     Liquidity risk
               In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents as well
               as undrawn banking facilities deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate
               the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings, amounts due
               to non-controlling shareholders and loans from the ultimate holding company and fellow subsidiaries and ensures
               compliance with loan covenants.

               The Group finances its operations by short-term and long-term bank and other borrowings and shareholders’ equity.
               The Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by US$804,481,000 as at 31 December 2020.

               The directors of the Company are of the opinion that, CGN, the ultimate holding company of the Company, CGN
               Finance, CGN Wind Energy, and CGNPC Huasheng, the fellow subsidiaries of the Company, have confirmed in
               writing that despite the loans from CGN of RMB1,930,000,000 (equivalent to US$295,790,000), CGN Finance
               of RMB1,170,000,000 (equivalent to US$179,313,000), CGN Wind Energy of RMB600,000,000 (equivalent to
               US$91,955,000) and CGNPC Huangsheng of US$250,000,000, which are due for repayment within twelve months
               from 31 December 2020, they will not cancel the existing loan facilities within twelve months from 31 December 2020
               and that the loans will be extended upon expiry. Furthermore, taking into account the financial resources of the Group,
               the Group has unutilised general facilities of US$864,375,000 as at 31 December 2020 for over the next twelve
               months from the end of the reporting period. In addition, the directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s
               cash flow projections prepared by the management of the Group. The cash flow projections cover a period not less
               than twelve months from the end of the reporting period.

               Taking into account the above-mentioned considerations, the directors of the Company are of the option that, the
               Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its cashflow requirements in the next twelve months.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020     /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
170




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

             (b)     Liquidity risk (Continued)
                     The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group’s non-
                     derivative financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows
                     (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the
                     reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:



                                                                            More than       More than
                                                                Within           1 year         2 years                                 Carrying
                                                             1 year or    but less than   but less than   More than                    amount at
                                                           on demand            2 years         5 years     5 years        Total    31 December
                                                              US$’000          US$’000         US$’000     US$’000      US$’000         US$’000

                     As at 31 December 2020
                     Bank loans
                     – Fixed-rate                             136,768          111,812         311,333      576,806    1,136,719         990,805
                     – Variable-rate                          615,717          232,277         788,346    1,407,002    3,043,342       2,620,039
                     Lease liabilities                          5,144            2,661           6,429       32,486       46,720          30,922
                     Loans from fellow subsidiaries           559,385           23,803         522,424       70,564    1,176,176       1,054,750
                     Loans from the ultimate holding
                        company                               307,925          124,376               –            –      432,301         418,397
                     Amounts to non-controlling
                        shareholders                            7,365                –               –        1,085        8,450           8,450
                     Trade payables                            70,704                –               –            –       70,704          70,704
                     Other payables and accruals              398,024                –               –            –      398,024         398,024
                     Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries         8,738                –               –            –        8,738           8,738


                                                             2,109,770         494,929       1,628,532    2,087,943    6,321,174       5,600,829


                     Derivatives – gross settlement
                     Foreign exchange forward contracts
                     – inflow                                    1,692               –               –            –        1,692           1,692
                     – outflow                                  (1,755)              –               –            –       (1,755)         (1,755)


                                                                   (63)              –               –            –          (63)            (63)




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.            /      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                               171




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

       (b)     Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                                                    More than       More than
                                                         Within          1 year         2 years                                    Carrying
                                                      1 year or   but less than   but less than       More than                   amount at
                                                    on demand           2 years         5 years         5 years       Total    31 December
                                                      US$’000         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000     US$’000         US$’000

               As at 31 December 2019
               Bank loans
               – Fixed-rate                           431,621          31,529          82,135          185,067      730,352        673,859
               – Variable-rate                        254,837         371,085         650,072          903,293    2,179,287      1,924,038
               Lease liabilities                        6,395           4,001           6,138           28,232       44,766         30,342
               Loans from fellow subsidiaries         416,580         276,267          60,750          466,875    1,220,472      1,072,696
               Amounts to non-controlling
                  shareholders                          8,590                –               –             953       9,543           9,543
               Trade payables                         242,771                –               –               –     242,771         242,771
               Other payables and accruals            301,568                –               –               –     301,568         301,568
               Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries       8,412                –               –               –       8,412           8,412


                                                     1,670,774        682,882         799,095         1,584,420   4,737,171      4,263,229


               Derivatives – gross settlement
               Foreign exchange forward contracts
               – inflow                                  9,663           1,278               –                –      10,941          10,941
               – outflow                                (9,479)         (1,232)              –                –     (10,711)        (10,711)


                                                           184              46               –                –        230             230




                                                                         Annual Report 2020       /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
172




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

             (c)     Interest rate risk
                     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
                     changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from long-term borrowings. Borrowings
                     issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk
                     respectively. The Group’s interest rate risk profile as monitored by management is set out in (i) below.

                     (i)     Interest rate risk profile
                             The following table, as reported to the management of the Group, details the interest rate risk profile of the
                             Group’s borrowings at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                            Notional amount
                                                                                                             2020                      2019
                                                                                                          US$’000                   US$’000

                             Fixed rate borrowings:

                             Lease liabilities                                                             30,922                    30,342
                             Bank borrowings                                                              990,805                   673,859
                             Loans from fellow subsidiaries and
                               the ultimate holding company                                             1,473,147                 1,072,696


                                                                                                        2,494,874                 1,776,897


                             Variable rate borrowings:

                             Bank borrowings                                                            2,620,039                 1,924,038


                             Net exposure                                                               2,620,039                 1,924,038


                     (ii)    Sensitivity analysis
                             At 31 December 2020, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates,
                             with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax and
                             retained profits by approximately US$9,825,000 (2019: US$7,215,000).

                             The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained
                             profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that the change in interest
                             rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial
                             instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
                             reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-
                             derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s profit
                             after tax (and retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity is estimated as an annualised
                             impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates. The analysis is performed on the
                             same basis as 2019.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.        /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                          173




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

       (d)     Currency risk
               The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to receivables, payables
               and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the functional currency of the
               operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily CAD, RMB, HK$, and
               Japanese Yen. The Group manages this risk as follows:

               (i)     Hedges of foreign currency risk in forecast transactions
                       The Group uses forward exchange contracts to manage its currency risk until the settlement date of foreign
                       currency receivables or payables. The Group designates those forward exchange contracts as hedging
                       instruments in cash flow hedges and does not separate the forward and spot element of a forward exchange
                       contract but instead designates the forward exchange contract in its entirety in a hedging relationship.
                       Correspondingly, the hedged item is measured based on the forward exchange rate.

                       The Group applies a hedge ratio of 1:1 and determines the existence of an economic relationship between
                       the forward exchange contracts and the highly probable forecast transactions based on their currency
                       amounts and the timing of their respective cash flows. The main sources of ineffectiveness in these hedging
                       relationships are:

                       (i)       the effect of the counterparty’s and the Group’s own credit risk on the fair value of the forward
                                 exchange contracts which is not reflected in the change in the value of the hedged cash flows
                                 attributable to the forward rate; and

                       (ii)      changes in the timing of the hedged transactions.

                       The following table details the forward exchange contracts that have been designated as cash flow hedges of
                       the Group’s highly probable forecast transactions at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                  2020                                                  2019
                                                                      Foreign                      Local                     Foreign                       Local
                                                                     currency                   currency                    currency                    currency
                                                                     CAD’000                    KRW’000                     CAD’000                    KRW’000

                       Notional amount
                       – Buy CAD (sell KRW)                            284,120              234,558,222                      296,370               244,827,887


                                                                                                                          2020                             2019
                                                                                                                       US$’000                          US$’000

                       Carrying amount (Note)
                       – Asset                                                                                             7,268                            9,030


                       Note:

                       Forward exchange contract assets and liabilities are included in the “Derivative financial instruments (note 25)” line items in the consolidated
                       statement of financial position respectively.

                       The forward exchange contracts have a maturity of less than one year from the reporting date and have an average exchange rate of
                       832.12 between Canadian dollar and United States dollar (2019: 838.34).




                                                                                Annual Report 2020            /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
174




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

             (d)     Currency risk (Continued)

                     (ii)    Recognized assets and liabilities
                             Changes in the fair value of forward exchange contracts that economically hedge monetary assets and
                             liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in profit or loss. The net fair value of forward
                             exchange contracts used by the Group as economic hedges of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
                             foreign currencies at 31 December 2020 was US$7,268,000 (2019: US$9,030,000), recognized as derivative
                             financial instruments.

                             In respect of other trade receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies, the Group ensures that
                             the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level, by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where
                             necessary to address short-term imbalances.

                     (iii)   Exposure to currency risk
                             The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising
                             from recognized assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity
                             to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in United States
                             dollars, translated using the spot rate at the year end date.

                                                                       Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in United States dollars)
                                                                            2020                                               2019
                                                                RMB              HK$              JPY             RMB               HK$          JPY
                                                             US$’000          US$’000         US$’000          US$’000          US$’000      US$’000

                             Assets                           18,186            4,796            7,676           10,444              701           –
                             Liabilities                           –                –           (8,214)          (2,131)          (2,674)          –

                             Gross exposure arising
                                from recognized
                                assets and liabilities        18,186            4,796             (538)           8,313           (1,973)          –




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.            /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                      175




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

       (d)     Currency risk (Continued)

               (iv)   Sensitivity analysis
                      The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits)
                      and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group
                      has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk
                      variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate between the HK$ and the
                      United States dollar would be materially unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the United States
                      dollar against other currencies.

                                                                 2020                                         2019
                                                       Increase/                                    Increase/
                                                      (decrease)    Effect on profit               (decrease)      Effect on profit
                                                       in foreign      after tax and                in foreign        after tax and
                                                  exchange rates    retained profits           exchange rates      retained profits
                                                                            US$’000                                       US$’000

                      RMB                                     10%                 1,364                   10%                  623
                                                             (10%)               (1,364)                 (10%)                (623)

                      Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous effects
                      on each of the Group entities’ profit after tax and equity measured in the respective functional currencies,
                      translated into United State dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting period for
                      presentation purposes.

                      The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to re-measure
                      those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency risk at the end
                      of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and receivables within the Group which are
                      denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the lender or the borrower. The analysis is
                      performed on the same basis for 2019.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020        /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
176




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

             (e)     Fair value measurement

                     (i)    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
                            Fair value hierarchy

                            The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the
                            reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in IFRS
                            13, Fair value measurement . The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with
                            reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                            •         Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
                                      active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

                            •         Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet
                                      Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
                                      market data are not available.

                            •         Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                            During the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2,
                            or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value
                            hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


                                                             Fair value at                    Fair Value measurements
                                                            31 December               as at 31 December 2020 categorised into
                                                                     2020               Level 1             Level 2              Level 3
                                                                  US$’000              US$’000             US$’000              US$’000

                            Recurring fair value
                              measurements

                            Assets

                            Derivative financial
                              instruments
                            – Forward exchange
                              contracts                              7,277                    –                7,277                    –

                            Liabilities

                            Derivative financial
                              instruments
                            – Forward exchange
                              contracts                                 63                    –                   63                    –




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                    177




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

       (e)     Fair value measurement (Continued)

               (i)    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                      Fair value hierarchy (Continued)


                                                     Fair value at               Fair Value measurements as at
                                                    31 December                31 December 2019 categorised into
                                                             2019             Level 1             Level 2             Level 3
                                                          US$’000            US$’000             US$’000             US$’000

                      Recurring fair value
                        measurements

                      Assets

                      Derivative financial
                        instruments
                      – Forward exchange
                        contracts                           9,233                    –              9,233                    –

                      Liabilities

                      Derivative financial
                        instruments
                      – Forward exchange
                        contracts                             230                    –                230                    –


                      Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

                      The fair value of forward exchange contracts in Level 2 is determined by discounting the difference between
                      the contractual forward price and the current forward price. The discount rate used is derived from the
                      relevant government yield curve as at the end of the reporting period plus an adequate constant credit
                      spread.

               (ii)   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised cost were not materially
                      different from their fair values as at 31 December 2019 and 2020.




                                                                Annual Report 2020       /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
178




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      38. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY

             2019
             In 2018, CGN New Energy Investment (Shenzhen) Company Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into
             a framework agreement with an independent third party to acquire its 100% equity interests in Ar Horqin Qi Tinze Agricultural
             Co., Ltd（阿魯科爾沁旗天澤農牧業有限公司）(“Tinze Agricultural”) which is engaged in generation and supply of electricity
             at a total consideration of RMB12,500,000 (equivalent to US$1,811,000). All the conditions was fulfilled and the completion
             took place on 1 July 2019.

             A bargain purchase gain of US$147,000 is recognized on the acquisition of Tinze Agricultural. The introduction of the
             Company as the new controlling shareholder of Tinze Agricultural was expected to strengthen its capital base, meet its
             working capital requirements and facilitate its future business development and expansion. In the opinion of the directors of the
             Company, the above are the key factors leading to the recognition of the bargain purchase gain.

             The contribution to the Group’s revenue or financial performance of the above acquired subsidiaries for the year ended 31
             December 2019 are as follows:

             •       Included in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 were revenue of US$3,077,000, and profit of US$978,000
                     attributable to the additional businesses generated by Tinze Agricultural.

                     No pro forma information for the acquisition of Tinze Agricultural is prepared as the acquisition was completed in July
                     2019 and the directors of the Company are of the opinion that there is no significant changes to the Group’s revenue
                     or profit for the year had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2019.

                                                                                                                                    US$’000

             Consideration transferred
             Cash                                                                                                                       1,811


             Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition are as follows:
             Property, plant and equipment                                                                                             24,606
             Deferred tax assets                                                                                                         1,167
             Other non-current assets                                                                                                    1,375
             Trade receivables                                                                                                         10,792
             Other receivables and prepayments                                                                                             523
             Bank balances and cash                                                                                                        223
             Trade payables                                                                                                             (1,893)
             Other payables                                                                                                           (12,559)
             Bank borrowings                                                                                                          (22,276)


                                                                                                                                        1,958


             Gain from bargain purchase arising on acquisition
             Consideration transferred                                                                                                  1,811
             Less: Net assets acquired                                                                                                 (1,958)


                                                                                                                                         (147)


             Net cash inflow arising on acquisition
             Cash consideration paid                                                                                                        –
             Less: Bank balances and cash acquired                                                                                       (223)


                                                                                                                                         (223)



      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                  179




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




39. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

       2020
       In May 2020, the Group disposed its entire equity interest in Shanghai Meiya Jinqiao Energy Co., Ltd（上海美亞金橋能源
       有限公司）(“Jinqiao JV”), representing 60% of the total equity interest in the Jinqiao JV, through a public tender process of
       Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange（上海聯合產權交易所）at a consideration of RMB155,800,000 (equivalent to
       US$22,023,000). The disposal was completed in May 2020, when the Group lost control of the Jinqiao JV.

                                                                                                                      US$’000

       The net assets at the date of disposal were as follows:
       Non-current assets                                                                                               15,590
       Current assets                                                                                                    2,975
       Current liabilities                                                                                              (8,364)
       Non-current liabilities                                                                                            (125)


       Net assets                                                                                                       10,076
       Less: net assets shared by non-controlling interest                                                              (3,990)


       Net assets disposed of                                                                                            6,086


       Gain on disposal:
       Cash consideration received                                                                                      22,023
       Cumulative exchange losses in respect of the net assets                                                           2,198
       Net assets disposed of                                                                                           (6,086)


       Gain on disposal                                                                                                 18,135


       Net cash inflow arising from the disposal:
       Cash consideration received                                                                                      21,767
       Bank balances and cash disposed of                                                                                 (876)


                                                                                                                        20,891




                                                                 Annual Report 2020   /    CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
180




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      39. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

             2019
             In October 2019, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with CGN Energy International to dispose of its entire
             interest in MPC Investment (HK) Company Limited (“MPCI”), which in turn owns the entire equity interest in CGN Meineng
             Corporate Management (Shenzhen) Ltd., to CGN Energy International at a cash consideration of US$1. Furthermore, CGN
             Energy International agreed to procure MPCI to repay the shareholder’s loan of US$1,637,000 in full. The disposal was
             completed in October 2019, when the Group lost control of MPCI.

                                                                                                                                US$’000

             The net assets at the date of disposal were as follows:
             Other non-current assets                                                                                                  6
             Other receivables                                                                                                        37
             Bank balances and cash                                                                                                  920


             Net assets disposed of                                                                                                  963


             Gain on disposal:
             Cash consideration received                                                                                               –*
             Shareholder’s loan                                                                                                    1,637
             Cumulative exchange losses in respect of the net assets                                                                (126)
             Net assets disposed of                                                                                                 (963)


             Gain on disposal                                                                                                        548


             Net cash outflow arising from the disposal:
             Cash consideration received                                                                                               –*
             Bank balances and cash disposed of                                                                                     (920)


                                                                                                                                    (920)


             * Less than US$1,000


      40. COMMITMENTS

             (a)     Capital commitments
                     Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December not provided for in the financial statements were as follow:

                                                                                                        2020                    2019
                                                                                                     US$’000                 US$’000


                     Contracted for                                                                 1,394,978                 675,849
                     Authorised but not contracted for                                                  7,384                       –


                                                                                                    1,402,362                 675,849




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                          181




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




40. COMMITMENTS (Continued)

       (b)      Acquisition of Xinjiang Project
                On 22 December 2011, the Company entered into a joint development agreement with an independent third party
                being the vendor and an individual who is a director of the target company (the “Target Company”) (collectively, the
                “Parties”), upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, to acquire 100% equity interest of the Target Company at a
                consideration of RMB10 million (the “Proposed Acquisition”).

                The Target Company, through its 93% shareholding in the project company (the “Project Company”), owns the right
                to develop a wind farm project in the north eastern part of Xinjiang Autonomous Region of the PRC (the “Xinjiang
                Project”). The other 7% interest in the Project Company is owned by an independent third party.

                At 31 December 2020, the Proposed Acquisition is still subject to final negotiation between the Parties.


41. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       The Company is ultimately controlled by CGN, which is a state-owned enterprise under the direct supervision of the State
       Council of the PRC.

       Apart from details of the balances with related parties disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position and other
       details disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group also entered into the following significant
       transactions with related parties during the year:

       Name of related company                                Notes      Nature of transactions                          2020               2019
                                                                                                                      US$’000            US$’000

       CGN Energy International                                  i       Management service income                        1,408                738
       CGN Finance                                               ii      Interest expense                                 8,772              5,905
                                                                         Interest income                                  1,726                146
       CGN Energy Development Co., Ltd.                          ii      Management service income                        2,478              2,060
         (“CGN Energy”) and its subsidiaries
       CGNPC Huasheng                                            ii      Interest income                                     47                  6
                                                                         Interest expense                                 5,500              1,359
       Huamei Holding Company Limited                            ii      Management service income                        5,018              6,367
         (“Huamei Holding”) and its subsidiaries
       China Clean Energy                                        ii      Interest expense                                20,588             2,975
       CGN Wind Energy                                           ii      Management service income                       13,497            15,375
                                                                         Interest expense                                 6,716               369
       CGN Solar Energy Development Co., Ltd.                    ii      Management service income                        4,222             4,580
       CGN (Beijing) New Energy Technology                       ii      Management service expense                       4,503                 –
         Co., Limited
       Gansu CGN Wind Power Co., Ltd.                            ii      Management service expense                         354                   –
       CGN                                                       iii     Interest expense                                 2,259                   –


       Notes:

       (i)      CGN Energy International is the immediate holding company of the Company.

       (ii)     CGN Finance, CGN Energy and its subsidiaries, CGNPC Huasheng, Huamei Holding and its subsidiaries, China Clean Energy, CGN Wind Energy,
                CGN Solar Energy Development Co., Ltd., CGN (Beijing) New Energy Technology Co., Limited and Gansu CGN Wind Power Co., Ltd. are fellow
                subsidiaries of the Company.

       (iii)    CGN is the ultimate holding company of the Company.




                                                                             Annual Report 2020      /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
182




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      41. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
             The Group has entered into various transactions including deposits placements, borrowings and other general banking
             facilities, with certain banks and financial institutions which are the PRC government-related entities in its ordinary course of
             business. A majority of the bank deposits and 76.2% (2019: 72.3%) of borrowings of the Group are with the PRC government–
             related entities as at 31 December 2020.

             Also, the Group’s transactions with other PRC government-related entities include sales of electricity to local power bureau
             and a state-owned entity. About 38% (2019: 31%) of its sales of electricity and capacity charges are to the other PRC
             government-related entities for the year ended 31 December 2020.

             Certain directors have also been employed by CGN and its subsidiaries and the payments of their emoluments were borne by
             CGN and its subsidiaries for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


             Compensation of key management personnel
             The remuneration of directors and other key management during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                           2020                      2019
                                                                                                        US$’000                   US$’000

             Short-term benefits                                                                            2,596                    1,541
             Post-employment benefits                                                                         200                      282


                                                                                                            2,796                    1,823


             The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by having regard to the performance of individuals and the
             Group and market trends.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                              183




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




42. THE COMPANY – LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                2020                  2019
                                                         Notes               US$’000               US$’000

       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                                              259                   239
       Right-of-use assets                                                      1,441                 2,890
       Investments in subsidiaries (Note (a))                               1,205,945             1,154,274


                                                                            1,207,645             1,157,403


       CURRENT ASSETS
       Other receivables and prepayments                                          567                  543
       Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                     2,164                3,401
       Bank balances and cash                                                  34,479               28,493


                                                                               37,210               32,437


       CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Other payables and accruals                                              6,310                6,207
       Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                       4,209                4,760
       Amounts due to subsidiaries                                              9,115                9,671
       Loan from a fellow subsidiary                                          250,000                    –
       Bank borrowings – due within one year                                  100,000                    –
       Lease liabilities – due within one year                                  1,516                1,516


                                                                              371,150               22,154


       NET CURRENT (LIABILITIES)/ASSETS                                      (333,940)              10,283


       TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                  873,705             1,167,686


       NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Loans from fellow subsidiaries                                         450,000              700,000
       Bank borrowings – due after one year                                         –              100,000
       Lease liabilities – due after one year                                      37                1,556


                                                                              450,037              801,556


       NET ASSETS                                                             423,668              366,130


       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
       Share capital                                                               55                   55
       Reserves                                                               423,613              366,075


       TOTAL EQUITY                                       36(a)               423,668              366,130




                                                 Annual Report 2020   /   CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
184




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      42. THE COMPANY – LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
          (Continued)
             Notes:

             a.       Investments in subsidiaries


                      Details of the Company’s principal operating subsidiaries at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                                                 Place of                                                    Registered capital/
                                                                 establishment/   Date of                                    issued and                        Attributable
                                                                 incorporation/   establishment/                             fully paid-up                   equity interest
                      Name of subsidiaries                       operation        incorporation       Legal form             share capital                  held by the Group     Principal activities
                                                                                                                                                             2020          2019

                      Indirect
                      Guangxi Rongjiang Meiya                    The PRC          15 September 1999   Sino-foreign equity    Registered capital of           55%           55% Investment in dam and other
                         Company Limited*                                                                joint venture         RMB48,000,000 and paid-up                          associated facilities
                         廣西融江美亞有限公司                                                                                            capital of RMB48,000,000

                      Guangxi Rongjiang Meiya                    The PRC          15 September 1999   Sino-foreign equity    Registered capital of           80%           80% Generation and supply of
                        Hydropower Company Limited*                                                      joint venture         RMB72,000,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                        廣西融江美亞水電有限公司                                                                                           capital of RMB72,000,000

                      Guangxi Rongyuan                           The PRC          4 January 2011      Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        Hydropower Company Limited*                                                      enterprise with       RMB38,000,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                        廣西融源水電有限公司                                                                       limited liability     capital of RMB38,000,000

                      Guangxi Zuojiang Meiya                     The PRC          8 October 1998      Sino-foreign equity    Registered capital of           60%           60% Generation and supply of
                        Hydropower Company Limited                                                       joint venture         RMB345,596,455 and paid-up                        electricity
                        廣西左江美亞水電有限公司                                                                                           capital of RMB345,596,455

                      Haian Meiya Cogeneration. Co., Ltd         The PRC          20 December 2002    Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of steam,
                         海安美亞熱電有限公司                                                                      enterprise with       US$11,920,000 and paid-up                         electricity and other related
                                                                                                         limited liability     capital of US$11,920,000                          products

                      Mianyang Sanjiang Meiya                    The PRC          25 October 2002     Sino-foreign           Registered capital of           75%           75% Generation and supply of
                         Hydropower Company Limited*                                                     cooperative joint     RMB100,000,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                         綿陽三江美亞水電有限公司                                                                    venture               capital of RMB100,000,000

                      CGN Daesan Power Co., Ltd.                 Korea            8 April 2009        Joint stock company    Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                                                                                                                               KRW3,430,000,000                                  electricity from an oil-fired
                                                                                                                               and paid-up capital of                            combined cycle power plant
                                                                                                                               KRW3,430,000,000

                      CGN Yulchon Generation Co., Ltd.           Korea            28 July 2009        Joint stock company    Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                                                                                                                               KRW18,044,400,000                                 electricity from a gas-fired
                                                                                                                               and paid-up capital of                            combined cycle power plant
                                                                                                                               KRW18,044,400,000

                      Nantong Meiya Co-generation Co., Ltd*      The PRC          13 March 1997       Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        南通美亞熱電有限公司                                                                       enterprise with       US$16,800,000 and paid-up                         electricity and steam and
                                                                                                         limited liability     capital of US$16,800,000                          other related products

                      Nanyang General Light Electric Co., Ltd.   The PRC          1 January 1997      Sino-foreign           Registered capital of          59.5%        59.5% Generation and supply of
                        南陽普光電力有限公司                                                                       cooperative joint     RMB476,667,000 and paid-up                        electricity and other related
                                                                                                         venture               capital of RMB476,667,000                         services

                      Shanghai Meiya Jinqiao Energy Co., Ltd.    The PRC          14 July 1995        Sino-foreign equity    Registered capital of              –          60% Generation and supply of steam
                        上海美亞金橋能源有限公司                                                                     joint venture         RMB98,000,000 and paid-up
                                                                                                                               capital of RMB98,000,000

                      Wuhan Han-Neng Power                       The PRC          11 October 1995     Sino-foreign equity    Registered capital of           60%           60% Generation and supply of
                        Development Co., Ltd.                                                            joint venture         RMB100,000,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                        武漢漢能電力發展有限公司                                                                                           capital of RMB100,000,000




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                          /         Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                   185




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




42. THE COMPANY – LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
    (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)

       a.       Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                           Place of                                                   Registered capital/
                                                           establishment/   Date of                                   issued and                        Attributable
                                                           incorporation/   establishment/                            fully paid-up                   equity interest
                Name of subsidiaries                       operation        incorporation      Legal form             share capital                  held by the Group     Principal activities
                                                                                                                                                      2020          2019

                CGN New Energy (Dezhou) Co., Ltd.*         The PRC          29 December 2014   Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核新能源（德州）有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       US$200,308,891 and paid-up                        electricity
                                                                                                  limited liability     capital of US$200,308,891

                CGN (Zhejiang Xiangshan)                   The PRC          11 July 2011       Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  Wind Power Co., Ltd*                                                            enterprise with       RMB134,610,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                  中廣核（浙江象山）風力發電 有限公司                                                              limited liability     capital RMB134,610,000

                CGN (Zhejiang Ninghai)                     The PRC          19 December 2013   Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  Wind Power Co., Ltd.*                                                           enterprise with       RMB79,600,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                  中廣核（浙江寧海）風力發電 有限公司                                                              limited liability     capital RMB79,600,000

                Anqiu Taipingshan Wind Power Co., Ltd*     The PRC          10 December 2008   Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  安丘太平山風電有限公司                                                                     enterprise with       RMB187,889,991 and paid-up                        electricity
                                                                                                  limited liability     capital RMB187,889,991

                Yishui Tangwangshan Wind Power Co., Ltd*   The PRC          23 November 2009   Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                   沂水唐王山風力發電有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       RMB71,375,034 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                  limited liability     capital RMB71,375,034

                CGN Linqu Wind Power                       The PRC          29 December 2009   Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  Company Limited Co., Ltd*                                                       enterprise with       RMB75,040,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                  中廣核（臨朐）風力發電有限公司                                                                 limited liability     capital RMB75,040,000

                CGN Linqu Longgang Wind Power Co., Ltd*    The PRC          28 June 2013       Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核臨朐龍崗風力發電有限公司                                                                 enterprise with       RMB77,074,180 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                  limited liability     capital RMB77,074,180

                CGN Yishui Wind Power Co., Ltd*            The PRC          2 April 2011       Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核沂水風力發電有限公司                                                                   enterprise with       RMB91,125,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                  limited liability     capital RMB91,125,000

                Yishui Longshan Wind Power Co., Ltd*       The PRC          13 August 2013     Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                   沂水龍山風力發電有限公司                                                                   enterprise with       RMB88,546,800 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                  limited liability     capital RMB88,546,800

                CGN Gansu Minqin                           The PRC          4 March 2011       Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  Wind Power Co., Ltd*                                                            enterprise with       RMB162,200,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                  中廣核甘肅民勤風力發電有限公司                                                                 limited liability     capital RMB162,200,000

                CGN Gansu Minqin                           The PRC          24 October 2013    Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  (II) Wind Power Co., Ltd*                                                       enterprise with       RMB549,760,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                  中廣核甘肅民勤第二風力發電                                                                   limited liability     capital RMB549,760,000
                  有限公司

                CGN Gansu Guazhou                          The PRC          18 November 2011   Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  Wind Power Co., Ltd*                                                            enterprise with       RMB165,480,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                  中廣核甘肅瓜州風力發電有限公司                                                                 limited liability     capital RMB165,480,000

                CGN Gansu Guazhou (II)                     The PRC          15 November 2013   Foreign investment     Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  Wind Power Co., Ltd*                                                            enterprise with       RMB287,000,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                  中廣核甘肅瓜州第二風力發電                                                                   limited liability     capital RMB287,000,000
                  有限公司




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2020                     /      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
186




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      42. THE COMPANY – LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
          (Continued)
             Notes: (Continued)

             a.       Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                             Place of                                                     Registered capital/
                                                             establishment/   Date of                                     issued and                        Attributable
                                                             incorporation/   establishment/                              fully paid-up                   equity interest
                      Name of subsidiaries                   operation        incorporation      Legal form               share capital                  held by the Group     Principal activities
                                                                                                                                                          2020          2019

                      Guazhou Tianrun Wind Power Co., Ltd*   The PRC          6 March 2009       Sino-foreign equity      Registered capital of           60%           60% Generation and supply of
                        瓜州天潤風電有限公司                                                                  joint venture           RMB98,100,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                                            capital RMB98,100,000

                      CGN Solar Dunhuang Co., Ltd*           The PRC          8 September 2011   Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核太陽能敦煌有限公司                                                                enterprise with         RMB97,970,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                    limited liability       capital RMB97,970,000

                      CGN Solar Jinta Co., Ltd*              The PRC          6 December 2011    Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核太陽能金塔有限公司                                                                enterprise with         RMB36,360,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                    limited liability       capital RMB36,360,000

                      CGN Solar (Dachaidan)                  The PRC          15 January 2010    Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        Development Co., Ltd*                                                       enterprise with         RMB492,931,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                        中廣核太陽能（大柴旦）開發有限公司                                                           limited liability       capital RMB492,931,000

                      CGN Solar Wulan Co., Ltd*              The PRC          29 August 2012     Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核太陽能烏蘭有限公司                                                                enterprise with         RMB100,000,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                                                                                                    limited liability       capital RMB100,000,000

                      CGN Solar (Jiaxing) Co., Ltd.*         The PRC          9 July 2013        Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核太陽能（嘉興）有限公司                                                              enterprise with         RMB30,500,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                    limited liability       capital RMB30,500,000

                      CGN Solar (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd*         The PRC          17 August 2011     Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核太陽能（深圳）有限公司                                                              enterprise with         RMB43,400,000 and paid-up                         electricity
                                                                                                    limited liability       capital RMB43,400,000

                      Weifang CGN Energy Co. Ltd.*           The PRC          26 August 2016     Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        濰坊中廣核能源有限公司                                                                 enterprise with         RMB153,760,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                                                                                                    limited liabilities     capital RMB80,000,000

                      Dezhou Anwin Energy Co., Ltd.*         The PRC          15 November 2016   Sino-foreign equity      Registered capital of           87%           87% Generation and supply of
                        德州安務能源有限公司                                                                  joint venture           RMB113,530,000 and paid-up                        electricity
                                                                                                                            capital RMB113,530,000

                      Jiyuan CGN New Energy Co., Ltd.*       The PRC          21 December 2016   Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                         濟源中廣核新能源有限公司                                                               enterprise with         RMB10,830,000 and paid up                         electricity
                                                                                                    limited liability       capital of RMB500,000

                      CGN New Energy (Ledu) Co., Ltd.*       The PRC          15 December 2016   Foreign investment       Registered capital of          100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核新能源（樂都）有限公司                                                              enterprise with         RMB45,000,000 and paid up                         electricity
                                                                                                    limited liability       capital of RMB500,000




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                      /         Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                            187




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




42. THE COMPANY – LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
    (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)

       a.       Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                           Place of                                                    Registered capital/
                                                           establishment/   Date of                                    issued and                                Attributable
                                                           incorporation/   establishment/                             fully paid-up                           equity interest
                Name of subsidiaries                       operation        incorporation       Legal form             share capital                          held by the Group     Principal activities
                                                                                                                                                               2020          2019

                CGN Wuhai New Energy Co., Ltd.*            The PRC          23 February 2017    Foreign investment     Registered capital of                  100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核烏海新能源有限公司                                                                     enterprise with       RMB109,860,000 and paid up                                electricity
                                                                                                   limited liability     capital of RMB109,860,000

                Lankao CGN New Energy Co., Ltd.*           The PRC          21 March 2017       Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000       100%          100% Generation and supply of
                   蘭考中廣核新能源有限公司                                                                    enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                    electricity
                                                                                                   limited liability     RMB500,000

                CGN (Hefei) New Energy Co., Ltd.*          The PRC          27 April 2017       Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000       100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核（合肥）新能源有限公司                                                                   enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                    electricity
                                                                                                   limited liability     RMB500,000

                CGN New Energy (Zhangsha) Co., Ltd.*       The PRC          27 April 2017       Foreign investment     Registered capital of                  100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核新能源（長沙）有限公司                                                                   enterprise with       RMB12,300,000 and paid up                                 electricity
                                                                                                   limited liability     capital of RMB12,300,000

                Shanghai Tongce Yunqi Distributed Energy   The PRC          5 July 2016         Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB50,000,000    100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  Co., Ltd.*                                                                       enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                    electricity
                  上海同策雲啟分佈式能源有限公司                                                                  limited liability     RMB3,000,000

                CGN (Chahar Right Wing Middle Banner)      The PRC          24 November 2017    Sino-foreign equity    Registered capital of                  53.7%        53.7% Generation and supply of
                  New Energy Co., Ltd.*                                                            joint venture         RMB66,800,000 and paid up                                 electricity
                  中廣核（察哈爾右翼中旗）                                                                                           capital of RMB66,800,000
                  新能源投資有限公司

                Chifeng New Golden Energy Co., Ltd.*       The PRC          14 October 2016     Sino-foreign equity    Registered capital of                   74%           74% Generation and supply of
                   赤峰新金色能源有限公司                                                                     joint venture         RMB100,000,000 and paid up                                electricity
                                                                                                                         capital of RMB100,000,000

                Siyang Beichuan Power Engineering          The PRC          28 July 2016        Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB41,726,000    100%          100% Generation and supply of
                   Co., Ltd.*                                                                      enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                    electricity
                   泗陽縣北穿電力工程有限公司                                                                   limited liability     RMB41,726,000

                Yuzhou CGN New Energy Co., Ltd.*           The PRC          6 March 2017        Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000       100%          100% Generation and supply of
                   禹州中廣核新能源有限公司                                                                    enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                    electricity
                                                                                                   limited liability     RMB500,000

                Xingtai Renxian County CGN New Energy      The PRC          16 May 2018         Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB111,090,000   100%          100% Generation and supply of
                   Power Co., Ltd.*                                                                enterprise with       and paid-up capital                                       electricity
                   邢台任縣中廣核新能源發電有限公司                                                                limited liability     RMB111,090,000

                CGN Fugou County New Energy Co., Ltd.*     The PRC          19 September 2018   Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000       100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核扶溝縣新能源有限公司                                                                    enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                    electricity
                                                                                                   limited liability     RMB500,000

                CGN Shenqiu County New Energy Co., Ltd.* The PRC            25 September 2018   Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000       100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核沈丘縣新能源有限公司                                                                    enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                    electricity
                                                                                                   limited liability     RMB500,000




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020                      /         CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
188




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      42. THE COMPANY – LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
          (Continued)
             Notes: (Continued)

             a.       Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                 Place of                                                   Registered capital/
                                                                 establishment/   Date of                                   issued and                               Attributable
                                                                 incorporation/   establishment/                            fully paid-up                          equity interest
                      Name of subsidiaries                       operation        incorporation      Legal form             share capital                         held by the Group     Principal activities
                                                                                                                                                                   2020          2019

                      CGN (Horqin Zuoyi Zhongqi) New             The PRC          12 April 2018      Sino-foreign equity    Registered capital of RMB49,740,000   100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        Energy Co., Ltd.*                                                               joint venture         and paid-up capital                                      electricity
                        中廣核（科爾沁左翼中旗）新能源                                                                                       RMB49,740,000
                        有限公司

                      CGN (Qianxinan State) New Energy           The PRC          25 January 2018    Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000      100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        Co., Ltd.*                                                                      enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                   electricity
                        中廣核（黔西南州）新能源有限公司                                                                limited liability     RMB500,000

                      Yanan CGN New Energy Co., Ltd.*            The PRC          3 January 2018     Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000      100%          100% Generation and supply of
                         延安中廣核新能源有限公司                                                                   enterprise with       and paid up capital of                                   electricity
                                                                                                        limited liability     RMB500,000

                      Xiangtan CGN New Energy Co., Ltd.*         The PRC          27 November 2017   Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB15,540,000   100%          100% Generation and supply of
                         湘潭中廣核新能源有限公司                                                                   enterprise with       and paid-up capital                                      electricity
                                                                                                        limited liability     RMB15,540,000

                      CGN (Zhangpu) New Energy Co., Ltd.*        The PRC          23 April 2018      Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB14,420,000   100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核（漳浦）新能源有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       and paid-up capital                                      electricity
                                                                                                        limited liability     RMB14,420,000

                      Ar Horqin Qi Tinze Agricultural Co., Ltd   The PRC          22 March 2012      Foreign investment     Registered capital of                 100%          100% Generation and supply of
                      阿魯科爾沁旗天澤農牧業有限公司                                                                   enterprise with       RMB200,000,000 and paid-up                               electricity
                                                                                                        limited liability     capital RMB1,000,000

                      Yunnan CGN Energy Services Co., Ltd.*      The PRC          7 April 2016       Foreign investment     Registered capital of                 100%          100% Generation and supply of
                         雲南中廣核能源服務有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       RMB200,000,000 and paid up                               electricity
                                                                                                        limited liability     capital RMB200,000,000

                      CGN New Energy (Yangpu) Co., Ltd.*         The PRC          1 November 2016    Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000      100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核新能源（洋浦）有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       and paid up capital RMB500,000                           electricity
                                                                                                        limited liability

                      CGN (Wenchang) New Energy Co., Ltd.*       The PRC          1 August 2017      Foreign investment     Registered capital of                 100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核（文昌）新能源有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       RMB45,030,000 and paid up                                electricity
                                                                                                        limited liability     capital RMB45,030,000

                      CGN (Datong) New Energy Co., Ltd.*         The PRC          2 June 2017        Foreign investment     Registered capital of                 100%          100% Generation and supply of
                        中廣核（大同）新能源有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       RMB269,510,000 and paid up                               electricity
                                                                                                        limited liability     capital RMB269,510,000

                      Baoying County Rongbaoda Wind              The PRC          21 November 2016   Foreign investment     Registered capital of                 71.7%          51% Generation and supply of
                        Power Co., Ltd.*                                                                enterprise with       RMB285,124,000 and paid up                               electricity
                        寶應縣融保達風力發電有限公司                                                                  limited liability     capital RMB285,124,000




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.                          /         Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                     189




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




42. THE COMPANY – LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
    (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)

       a.       Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                         Place of                                                   Registered capital/
                                                         establishment/   Date of                                   issued and                            Attributable
                                                         incorporation/   establishment/                            fully paid-up                       equity interest
                Name of subsidiaries                     operation        incorporation      Legal form             share capital                      held by the Group     Principal activities
                                                                                                                                                        2020          2019

                Yanling CGN New Energy Co., Ltd.*        The PRC          6 March 2017       Foreign investment     Registered capital of              100%          100% Generation and supply of
                   鄢陵中廣核新能源有限公司                                                                 enterprise with       RMB219,460,000 and paid up                            electricity
                                                                                                limited liability     capital RMB219,460,000

                CGN Yiyang New Energy Co., Ltd.*         The PRC          18 May 2017        Foreign investment     Registered capital of              100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核益陽新能源有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       RMB182,760,000 and paid up                            electricity
                                                                                                limited liability     capital RMB182,760,000

                Yongcheng City CGN New Energy            The PRC          13 June 2018       Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000   100%          100% Generation and supply of
                   Co., Ltd.*                                                                   enterprise with       and paid up capital RMB500,000                        electricity
                   永城市中廣核新能源有限公司                                                                limited liability

                CGN New Energy Cenxi Co., Ltd.*          The PRC          17 July 2018       Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000   100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核新能源岑溪有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       and paid up capital RMB500,000                        electricity
                                                                                                limited liability

                CGN New Energy (Taigu) Co., Ltd.*        The PRC          22 December 2016   Foreign investment     Registered capital of              100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核新能源（太谷）有限公司                                                                enterprise with       RMB259,330,000 and paid up                            electricity
                                                                                                limited liability     capital RMB259,330,000

                CGN (Dangtu) New Energy Co., Ltd.*       The PRC          15 April 2019      Foreign investment     Registered capital of              100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核（當塗）新能源有限公司                                                                enterprise with       RMB323,800,000 and paid up                            electricity
                                                                                                limited liability     capital RMB323,800,000

                CGN New Energy (Dingyuan) Co., Ltd.*     The PRC          6 September 2019   Foreign investment     Registered capital of RMB500,000   100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  中廣核新能源（定遠）有限公司                                                                enterprise with       and paid up capital RMB500,000                        electricity
                                                                                                limited liability

                Dachaidan Haorun New Energy Co., Ltd.*   The PRC          4 December 2017    Foreign investment     Registered capital of              100%          100% Generation and supply of
                  大柴旦浩潤新能源有限公司                                                                  enterprise with       RMB76,000,000 and paid up                             electricity
                                                                                                limited liability     capital RMB76,000,000

                *             English names are for identification purpose only.

                The above table lists the principal subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company,
                principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the
                directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

                None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2020                     /        CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
190




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      43. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
             Certain comparative figures have been adjusted to conform to current year’s presentation and to provide comparative amounts
             in respect of items disclosed for first time in 2020.


      44. IMPACTS OF COVID-19 PANDEMIC
             Since the outbreak of the novel coronavirus pneumonia (the “Outbreak”) nationwide in January 2020, the Group had strictly
             implemented various epidemic prevention requirements of the central and local governments to ensure the safe and stable
             operation of power generating units in operation.

             At present, the Outbreak in the PRC has stabilized, but the Outbreak overseas has not been effectively controlled. Although
             the Outbreak in the PRC is under control overall, it is expected that the possibility of local Outbreak cannot be completely
             eliminated. It is likely that the novel coronavirus will co-exist with humans for a long time, and measures to prevention and
             control the Outbreak will become normalized. The Group will continue to monitor the overall impact of the Outbreak, control
             the relevant operational and financial risks and assess its impact on the financial status and operating results of the Group.


      45. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND
          INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR
          ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020
             Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of amendments and a new standard, IFRS
             17, Insurance contracts , which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2020 and which have not been adopted
             in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                                             Effective for
                                                                                                                      accounting periods
                                                                                                                     beginning on or after

             Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16,                                                       1 January 2021
              Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2

             Amendments to IFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework                                                     1 January 2022

             Amendments to IAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use                               1 January 2022

             Amendments to IAS 37, Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract                                         1 January 2022

             Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle                                                                    1 January 2022

             Amendments to IAS 1, Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current                                    1 January 2023

             The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be in the
             period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the
             financial statements.




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.       /    Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                 191




Financial Summary

                                                       2016            2017              2018           2019          2020
                                                    US$’000         US$’000           US$’000        US$’000       US$’000

Revenue                                            1,074,448       1,108,560         1,358,487      1,276,281     1,149,892


Operating expenses:
  Coal, oil and gas                                 587,176          619,829          829,596         698,265       492,510
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment     143,429          134,299          144,473         159,831       193,031
  Repair and maintenance                             38,729           40,179           44,742          40,675        30,447
  Staff costs                                        69,237           76,389           67,652          76,524        85,835
  Others                                             58,480           71,634           72,843          69,368        60,602


Total operating expenses                            897,051          942,330         1,159,306      1,044,663       862,425


Operating profit                                     177,397         166,230           199,181        231,618       287,467
Other income                                          14,281          14,459             41,337         23,157       26,318
Other gains and losses                                 2,631           (7,521)          (22,141)       (25,093)     (11,089)
Finance costs                                       (115,172)       (101,708)         (110,158)      (122,120)     (145,005)
Share of results of associates                        22,113          19,268             16,819         32,807       29,342
Gain on deconsolidation/disposal of a subsidiary      18,675            3,825                 –            548       18,135


Profit before taxation                              119,925           94,553          125,038         140,917       205,168
Income tax                                          (28,893)         (28,587)         (33,767)        (41,564)      (37,533)


Profit for the year                                  91,032           65,966            91,271         99,353       167,635


Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                 79,472           61,872            88,211        111,207       162,087
  Non-controlling interests                          11,560            4,094             3,060        (11,854)        5,548


                                                     91,032           65,966            91,271         99,353       167,635


Earnings per share, basic and diluted (US cents)        1.85            1.44               2.06          2.59          3.78




                                                                Annual Report 2020     /     CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.
192




      Financial Summary

                                                                   2016         2017        2018        2019       2020
                                                                US$’000      US$’000     US$’000     US$’000    US$’000

      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      Total assets                                             3,498,621    3,740,617   4,139,068   5,379,167   6,976,532
      Total liabilities                                        2,686,785    2,780,242   3,184,784   4,369,720   5,679,151


      NET ASSETS                                                 811,836     960,375     954,284    1,009,447   1,297,381


      Equity attributable to equity shareholders
        of the Company                                           710,758     875,894     865,830     930,115    1,213,155
      Non-controlling interests                                  101,078      84,481      88,454      79,332       84,226


      TOTAL                                                      811,836     960,375     954,284    1,009,447   1,297,381




      CGN New Energy Holdings Co., Ltd.            /   Annual Report 2020
