Real
world
  AI
    2020 Annual Report
Contents
 2   What we do
 3   Why we do it
 4   Making AI work in the real world
10   Capturing the market opportunity
12   2020 highlights
14   Chairman’s message
16   CEO’s message
18   Our competitive advantage
19   Our strategic priorities
20   How we create value
     22 Global crowd
     24 Appen employees
     26 Technology, processes, systems
     28 Customer and brand
     30 Financial
     32 Social and environment
36   Identifying and managing risk
44   Our approach to governance
46   Board of Directors
48   Executive Team
50 Directors’ report
     58 Remuneration report
72   Lead auditor’s independence declaration
73   Financial report
128 Directors’ declaration
129 Independent auditor’s report
133 Additional information
136 Corporate directory




About this report
We have used the International Integrated
Reporting Council (IIRC) <IR> Framework and
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(SASB) Standards to guide our disclosures on
how Appen creates value and which topics are
financially material to our business.


Appen Limited
ABN 60 138 878 298
   Artificial
intelligence...
   Appen makes AI work in the real world by
 delivering high-quality training data at scale.
Training data is used to build and continuously
     improve the world’s most innovative AI
       enhanced systems and services.

     Our clients include the world’s largest
   technology companies, global leaders in
   automotive, financial services, retail and
    healthcare, and government agencies.


   ...informed by Appen.




                                           Appen 2020 Annual Report   1
    What
    we do   ?
            Appen is the global leader in
            the development of high-quality,
            human annotated datasets for
            machine learning and artificial
            intelligence.

            We collect, classify, translate, review
            and label large volumes of image, text,
            speech, audio, video and other data
            used to build and train AI systems.

            The data is annotated by our global
            crowd of over 1 million skilled contractors
            who speak 235 languages and work
            in over 170 countries.

            We also have the industry’s most advanced
            AI-assisted annotation platform.




2
Why
we do it ...
        When creating AI in
        the real world, the data
        used to train the AI is
        more important than
        the model itself.

        AI models learn by observing large
        volumes and diverse sets of examples.
        These examples are called training
        data. For data to be understood by
        an AI model, it requires associated
        meaning. We provide this meaning
        by annotating the data.

        AI performance is correlated with
        the volume, quality and diversity
        of data used for training. AI training
        data needs to be refreshed regularly.




                               Appen 2020 Annual Report   3
    Search
                           Search engines
                           and social media



    3.5bn+
                           Online search powers the internet,
                           connecting users with appropriate
                           and relevant information.

                           Appen supports the world’s leading
      searches per day 1   search engines and social media
                           networks by providing large scale
                           model evaluation. Our global crowd
                           ensures that results are tailored to users’
                           specific locations and demographics.

                           1 Internet Live Stats 2020.




4
Drive
                      Autonomous
                      driving



   40
                      Autonomous vehicles have the ability
                      to identify and interpret the immediate
                      environment and operate with minimal
                      or no human intervention.
terabytes             Appen provides the vision and sensor
 of data for every    annotations that are used to develop
    eight hours of    the perception models that underpin
          driving 1   autonomous driving.

                      1 Auto Tech Review 2020.




                                                          Appen 2020 Annual Report   5
    Immerse
                           Augmented and
                           virtual reality



     1 in 5
                           Augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR)
                           create immersive experiences and
                           present new ways for companies to
                           engage with customers.
     US consumers used     Appen provides the training data that
            VR in 2020 1   is used to power the leading AR/VR
                           engines, including eye and hand tracking.

                           1 ARtillery Intelligence 2020.




6
Chat
                       AI-enabled chatbots

                       Chatbots simulate human interactions,
                       mainly for customer service and support.



   30         %        Understanding customer intent (natural
                       language understanding (NLU)) and
                       responding with human-level accuracy
                       (natural language generation (NLG))
annual growth in the   are only possible because of AI.
   chatbot market 1
                       Appen’s deep expertise in data collection
                       and annotation specific to NLU and NLG,
                       combined with our global crowd, power
                       some of the world’s leading chatbots.

                       1 Markets and Markets 2019.




                                                        Appen 2020 Annual Report   7
    Interact
                              Voice interactions

                              Home assistants, smart speakers and
                              voice activated devices have quickly



     128m
                              become commonplace. Automatic
                              speech recognition and natural language
                              processing are critical to their success.

                              Appen has been powering the world’s
     people in the US will
                              leading voice user interfaces for 20+ years.
     use a voice assistant
                              The combination of our linguistic expertise,
         at least monthly 1
                              global crowd supporting 235 languages
                              and leading annotation software enables
                              us to deliver high-quality training data
                              for voice interface systems.

                              1 eMarketer 2020.




8
Shop
                          E-commerce

                          E-commerce has created a broad
                          online marketplace that connects




  21         %+
                          shoppers with retailers. COVID-19
                          has accelerated adoption and
                          e-commerce is now an indispensable
                          part of everyday life for many people.
  of total retail sales
in the US are online 1    Appen supports the leading
                          e-commerce sites and platforms to
                          ensure that information is accurately
                          categorised and searchable to
                          deliver the best customer experience.

                          1 Digital Commerce 360 2021.




                                                                   Appen 2020 Annual Report   9
Capturing
 the market
 opportunity                                                                                                                Speech and
                                                                                                                          voice recognition




                 US digital
              advertising spend
                                                                                                                          19            %
                                                                                                                            annual growth



                 21       %                                               Global AR/VR
                                                                             spend

                                                                   US$73bn
                 growth in 2021



                                                                             by 2024




     The growth in AI-enabled products
     and services highlights the growing
     demand for quality training data.




                                                                                                                             LiDAR
                                                                                                                           market size

                                                                                                                       US$10bn
                          AI training                                                                                        by 2025
                        dataset market                                           AI in

                     22.5%
                                                                             computer vision


                         annual growth
                                                                       40-51%
                                                                               annual growth




      Digital advertising spend (2021 v 2020) - eMarketer 2020. AR/VR - IDC Worldwide Augmented and Virtual Reality Spending Guide November 2020.
      Voice and speech recognition (compound annual growth 2018–2025) - Markets and Markets 2019. AI training dataset market (compound annual growth
      2020–2027) - A2Z Market Research 2021. Computer vision (compound annual growth 2017–2026) - Report Consultant 2018, Maximize Market Research
10    2019. LiDAR market size - Global Market Insights 2019. Global spend on AI - IDC Worldwide Artificial Intelligence Spending Guide 2019 and 2020.
     Global spend on AI

     $110bn
                                                                  Accelerators
                                                                                 Growth in online
     by 2024                                                                     advertising




                      an
                        nu
                          al
                             gro
                                wt                                               E-commerce
                                  h
                                                                                 acceleration
                    24
                      %




                                                                                 Uptake of voice
                                                                                 interface systems




                                                                                 New AI use
                                                                                 case adoption




                                                                                 Autonomous driving




                                                                                 Automated machine
      2019                                             2024
                                                                                 learning (AutoML)
US$37.5bn                                              US$110bn                  for model building

             2019   2020   2021   2022   2023   2024




                                                                                     Appen 2020 Annual Report   11
2020
 highlights
                                                                                 Financial



                                           Global crowd
                                                                                             Net profit after tax




     Customers
                                                                                             A$50.5m
                                                                                             statutory  21%



                                                          Crowd contractors                  A$64.4m
                                                                                             underlying  1%

                 20+ years                                1m+
                 working with leading                                                        Revenue
                 technology companies
                                                          Living in
                                                                                             A$599.9m
                 931m                                     170+                                12%
                                                          countries
                 relevance judgements
                 in 2020                                                                     EBITDA
                                                          Expertise in
                                                                                             A$107.9m
                 136                                      235                                statutory  23%
                 new customers                            languages
                                                                                             A$108.6m
                                                                                             underlying  8%

                 US$124m                                  Crowd NPS

                 annual contract value
                 (as at 1 February 2021)                  48                                 Dividend per share (A¢)
                                                           1 percentage point
                  See page 28.                                                              10.0¢
                                                                                             full year dividend  11%

                                                           See page 22.                      See page 30.

12
                                                                                                                    Technology

                                                                Employees                                                        Major technology




Social and environment
                                                                                                                                 customers


                                                                            Employees                                            4 of 5
                                                                                                                                 use our industry-leading

                                                                            1,125                                                data annotation platform


                                                                             44%
                                                                                                                                 Automation of LiDAR
                         Crowd Code of Ethics                                                                                    and OCR annotation
                                                                            Employee engagement
                          Fair pay
                                                                                                                                 3–6x
                                                                            82        %
                          Inclusion
                          Crowd voice
                          Privacy and                                       6 percentage points
                                                                                                                                 faster
                           confidentiality
                          Communication
                          Wellbeing                                                                                             ISO certified
                                                                            Female representation

                                                                                                                                 5
                                                                                                                                        secure
                         World Economic
                         Forum partnership on
                                                                            58%                                                         facilities

                                                                            of employees

                         Responsible AI                                                                                          Launched new

                                                                            43%                                                  Mobile app
                                                                            of Board Directors                                   for crowd sign up, projects
                         COVID-19
                         translation initiative
                         datasets for
                                                                            29,380                                                See page 26.


                         70,000                                             hours of training
                         key COVID-19 terms and
                         phrases for 38 languages
                                                                             See page 24.


                         New
                         Environment Position
                         Statement



                          See page 32.




                         Financials as at 31 December 2020, all comparisons are to the year ended 31 December 2019. Underlying net profit after tax (NPAT)
                         and earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) exclude the impact of items relating to business acquisitions,
                         including amortisation of acquired assets, share-based payments, transaction costs and fair-value adjustments. Underlying NPAT also
                         excludes deemed interest on acquisition related earn-out payments.

                                                                                                                                       Appen 2020 Annual Report      13
     Chairman’s message




Shaping
 the future
                                                        We have built global scale, breadth of
                                                        services and technology depth. We are
                                                        investing in our people and technology
                                                        to achieve ongoing growth.

                                                        The applications of AI are expanding
                                                        rapidly. Through our role in providing
                                                        algorithm training data, Appen seeks
                                                        to make AI work in the real world and
                                                        transform the way organisations and
                                                        companies do business.

                                                        Financial performance
                                                        The financial results for 2020
                                                        demonstrated the underlying
                                                        resilience of the business. In summary:

                                                        •   Total revenue grew 12% to
                                                            $599.9 million.
      Appen continued its growth in 2020 in both        •   Statutory EBITDA increased by 23%
                                                            to $107.9 million. Underlying EBITDA
      revenue and earnings while navigating some            increased 8% to $108.6 million.
                                                            This includes growth investments of
      headwinds arising from the global pandemic.           $12.7 million in sales and marketing,
      Over the past 24 years, we have established           technology and our China business.
                                                        •   We maintained healthy profitability
      a strong and unique role at the centre of             on sales and achieved an underlying
                                                            EBITDA margin of 18.1%.
      one of the world’s most exciting industries
                                                        •   Statutory NPAT was $50.5 million, an
      – Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.       increase of 21%. Underlying NPAT was
                                                            $64.4 million, a small decrease of 1%
                                                            from 2019 due to the impact of growth
                                                            investments and higher amortisation.



14
                                                          “
Our balance sheet continues to
be very healthy, with cash and cash
equivalents at 31 December 2020
of $78.4 million. The Board declared
                                                                Our mission is to help build
a final dividend of 5.5 cents per share,                        better AI by creating large
50% franked. Combined with the 4.5 cent
interim dividend paid in September                              volumes of high-quality training
2020, the total dividend for the year
is 10.0 cents per share.                                        data faster. Our vision is to
Priorities in 2020                                              make AI work in the real world.
The Board maintained its focus on the
company’s growth initiatives, including the
                                                                We believe AI can transform
drive to broaden our base of customers,
leverage technology for scale and
                                                                the way organisations and
automation, and increase the proportion
of our revenue which is repeatable.
                                                                companies do business.”
There was a major focus on supporting
and growing our two new business
divisions – China and Government.              Recommendations (4th edition), the           Our 1 million+ crowd continues to be
Technology is central to delivering            Sustainability Accounting Standards          one of Appen’s most valuable assets.
productivity improvements and                  Board (SASB) Standards, the Integrated       Our ability to support remote working
responsiveness to new customer                 Reporting Framework, and the Task Force      in a secure environment has been
requirements. Throughout 2020, we              on Climate-related Financial Disclosures.    a success factor in the new work
maintained our investments in software                                                      environment. We have implemented
development initiatives in this area.          Board                                        policies to manage the risks of modern
                                               The Appen Board was strengthened by the      slavery and human rights abuses, and
In such a dynamic growth sector,                                                            we work with our customers to ensure
                                               appointment of Vanessa Liu on 27 March
management of risk is a critical factor.                                                    ethical sourcing. Our crowd operations
                                               2020. Vanessa is based in New York and
Under the oversight of the Board Audit                                                      are rigorously governed by our Crowd
                                               brings a deep understanding of digital
and Risk Management Committee,                                                              Code of Ethics.
                                               technologies and AI. Her familiarity with,
we strengthened the company’s risk
                                               and understanding of, the US market and
management framework to ensure that                                                         Shareholders
                                               customers is particularly valuable.
our culture of growth and innovation is
                                                                                            The directors greatly appreciate the
supported by identification and mitigation     Our rapidly developing industry and
                                                                                            continuing support of our shareholders.
of risk at all levels in the company.          competitive environment have required
                                                                                            Your loyalty and engagement are
                                               full engagement of Board members.
                                                                                            valued, and you have our commitment
Social and environment                         I have valued their commitment and
                                                                                            to deliver strong results. In 2021, the
AI opens attractive opportunities but must     contributions through the year.
                                                                                            Board will be seeking to ensure that
be implemented ethically. This is an issue                                                  the investments we have made yield
of focus for the Board. Appen seeks to         Our people
                                                                                            growth in our customer base and returns
assist customers to implement AI solutions     Our employees have responded                 on your investment.
which are fair and unbiased. We are            impressively to the challenges arising
helping develop responsible AI standards       from the coronavirus pandemic. To keep
through our multi-year partnership with        them safe and informed, we established
the World Economic Forum.                      a COVID-19 Response Team to define
                                               safety protocols for all our offices
The nature of Appen’s business results
                                               globally and update them frequently.         Christopher Vonwiller
in a relatively low environmental footprint.
Nevertheless, we are committed to              The Executive Team has also shown            Chairman
reducing the impact of our operations,         great leadership through their quick
including buildings, power consumption,        and effective response to the pandemic.
travel, and water usage and to achieving       They have continued to deliver on our
net zero emissions by 2050.                    strategic growth objectives, and we are
                                               indebted to them.
In strengthening our governance
framework, we have been sensitive              We value the cultural and linguistic
to feedback from our stakeholders              diversity of our workforce, and we
including our crowd, employees,                seek to maintain Appen as a great
customers, and shareholders. Our policies      place to work with a high-performing
and practices have been guided by              culture. To underpin this, we established
external frameworks including the ASX          a Diversity and Inclusion Committee
Corporate Governance Principles and            composed of Appen employees.


                                                                                                            Appen 2020 Annual Report   15
     CEO’s message




Driving
 growth
      We’re pleased          Our record full year revenue and            We also expanded the number of
                             underlying EBITDA, as reported by           projects across our top five customers
      to report another      our Chairman, maintained our run of         by 34%, increasing the value we deliver
                             constant growth since our IPO in 2015.      to our largest customers, cementing our
      year of solid growth   Revenue has grown 49% CAGR from             relationships with them, and supporting
                             2015 to 2020, and underlying EBITDA         their many new product developments.
      despite the many       has increased 51% CAGR. Our growth
                                                                         Customer and project growth was
      challenges of 2020.    has been underpinned by the ongoing
                                                                         enabled by our annotation platform,
                             demand for high-quality training data for
                                                                         acquired with Figure Eight in 2019.
                             AI, principally from our major customers,
                                                                         The platform delivers utility to
                             the world’s largest technology companies,
                                                                         companies without data labelling
                             but also from many new customers.
                                                                         or crowd management technology,
                             2020 was a breakout year for new            provides additional functionality to our
                             customer wins. Our investments in           largest customers, and supports multiple
                             sales and marketing yielded 136 new         data types and use cases that allow
                             customers last year across a variety        all of our customers to deliver on their
                             of sectors, including technology,           expanding AI roadmaps. The platform
                             autonomous vehicles, financial services     also provides us with a pathway to
                             and education, and multiple data types,     valuable committed revenue, which was
                             such as image, video, LiDAR, text and       31% of total revenue in the second half
                             speech. Many of these customers are         of the year, up from 12% in the first half.
                             small, but they increase Appen’s market
                             penetration and lay a strong foundation
                             for growth in coming years.




16
                                                                                                 “
                                               The pandemic’s effect on some business
                                               sectors, such as tourism, reduced online
                                               advertising mid-2020 and thus lowered                 Our growth has been
                                               our major customers’ main source of                   underpinned by the
                                               revenue. Despite advertising bouncing
                                               back later in the year, we saw less                   ongoing demand
                                               spending on our advertising-related                   for high-quality
                                               AI programs as well as a re-prioritisation
                                                                                                     training data for
                                               of spend to new product development
                                               as our customers build less reliance on               AI, principally from
                                               advertising. Fortunately, we’re involved              our major customers,
                                               in many of these new projects, but they
                                               are earlier in their life cycle than the ad
                                                                                                     the world’s largest
                                               programs and hence our 2020 revenue                   technology companies,
                                               was impacted overall. We expect the                   but also from many
                                               new projects to grow and complement
                                               our major programs through 2021.
                                                                                                     new customers.”
                                               A few of our customers deferred
                                               programs amidst the uncertainty of
                                               the pandemic, including some major
                                               projects late in the year, which also
                                               impacted our 2020 revenue. We have            Our customers highly value our
                                               seen the majority of these programs           deep expertise in the AI training data
                                               return in 2021.                               market. We are the largest provider
                                                                                             of high-quality data at scale, and in
                                               Our market is dynamic and we, along
                                                                                             2021 we will reach our 25th year in
                                               with our customers, are responding
We’re pleased to report very high                                                            operation. Our team of training data
                                               to important issues that include trust,
growth in China, with revenue                                                                experts continues to deliver huge value
                                               safety and data privacy. This may
increasing 60% each quarter in 2020.                                                         to our customers.
                                               impact us as well, but it could also
We’re coming off a low base, but we have
                                               give us opportunities to support our          We have new challenges to navigate in
a solid foundation for growth. We count
                                               customers in this changing environment.       2021, including a strong Australian dollar,
China’s largest technology companies
                                                                                             the pace of the economic recovery
amongst our customers, as well as              Our focus in 2021 remains firmly on our
                                                                                             post-COVID, the evolving regulatory
a number of autonomous vehicle                 customers. Providing high-quality data
                                                                                             environment facing our major customers
companies, and health and education            and services for our existing and recently
                                                                                             and their transition into new products.
technology providers.                          won customers sets us up for expansion
                                               opportunities. Our more experienced           We remain very optimistic however,
Our government team is in place,
                                               sales teams and healthy pipeline will         due to the strong tailwinds of the AI
having navigated the turbulence of
                                               enable further new customer acquisition.      market, our position as the largest in our
last year, and is focused on building
                                               The pace of AI adoption and use case          market, the strength of our capabilities
our brand and pipeline.
                                               proliferation will also drive continuing      and technology and our proven ability
Combined, our new customers and                demand for high-quality training data.        to evolve with our customers’ needs.
projects, higher committed revenue and
                                               Our technology is at the forefront of         I’d like to recognise all of my
growth in China, along with our existing
                                               our work in 2021. The growing feature         colleagues at Appen. Despite the
customers and programs, improves our
                                               set, scalability and security of our          many challenges of 2020, they were
market position and provides a strong
                                               platform will help us to win more             unwavering in their hard work and
foundation for further growth in 2021.
                                               customers, and our annotation tools,          support of our customers, our mission
2020 was not without its challenges            including AI-enabled automatic labelling,     and each other. They deserve our
however. We had a strong first half            will improve the speed and quality            heartfelt thanks.
but a number of factors conspired              of data provision and yield greater
                                                                                             Thank you for your ongoing support.
to dampen our second half result.              productivity of our crowd.
                                                                                             We look forward to a strong and
The global shift to working from home          We will continue to support and grow our      successful 2021.
due to the pandemic limited our B2B            crowd. They are essential and valuable
selling, resulting in fewer customer wins in   contributors to our business, and we
Q2 and Q3, but sales bounced back in Q4        strive to lead the way on the ethical
as we established new ways of working.         and fair treatment of crowd workers.
Our customers’ operations were similarly
affected but the passage of time has and                                                     Mark Brayan
should continue to see more consistency.                                                     CEO




                                                                                                               Appen 2020 Annual Report    17
Our competitive
 advantage
     Industry-leading technology
     –   Our platform and tools support data collection, annotation and testing, and cover all the main data modalities.
     –   AI-driven automation is used in the annotation process to increase speed, scale and productivity.
     –   Quality controls are built-in.
     –   Multiple security options are provided to protect customers’ data, including secure work-from-home
         annotation technology.



     Crowd scale and flexibility
     –   On-demand access to scalable and responsive crowd of 1 million+ crowd contractors.
     –   Diversity of crowd across 170+ countries and supporting 235 languages enables high-quality
         outcomes and edge-case projects, and reduces bias.
     –   Ability to recruit contributors with specialist expertise.
     –   On-site annotation in secure facilities for confidential data handling.



     Customer focused
     –   Highly flexible offering – tailored to meet customer and project requirements.
     –   Pre-labelled datasets to jumpstart models and to supplement customers’ data.
     –   Self-service options for customers with experience in data labelling.
     –   Fully managed services where our experts manage the annotation process.



     Deep expertise
     –   20+ years of experience as a pure-play training data provider.
     –   Dedicated teams of subject matter experts including linguists, quality experts, project managers
         and machine learning specialists.
     –   Broad and deep practical experience across data types and use cases.
     –   Involved in each stage of the training data process.




     Quality and reliability
     –   Long-standing trusted relationships with the world’s largest technology companies.
     –   Proven ability to scale to meet production needs and to achieve very high benchmarks for data quality.
     –   Strong track record of enabling successful AI deployment.



18
              Our strategic
               priorities

              Our goals are to delight customers, have
           happy crowd contractors, make Appen a great
             place to work, be a responsible citizen and
            deliver strong performance for shareholders.



                      Our focus areas

             Tech-enabled                  Delivering
                operations                 growth
             Annotation technology         New customers
        We are investing in engineering    We support the world’s largest technology
          to ensure that our annotation    companies to build industry-leading
  platform and tools evolve to support     AI applications. The AI market is also
          a growing range of use cases     growing outside of this base and we
     and customers. A product-centric      are evolving our products, services,
   offering also enables us to increase    and commercial presence to support
                our committed revenue.     new customers on their AI journeys.


             Increased productivity        New markets
   We continue to invest in technology     We have built dedicated operations
      that improves crowd productivity,    and products to serve the high growth
      training data quality and our unit   markets of China and Government.
     economics. This includes machine      Our commercial teams are focused
      learning assisted annotation and     on other high-priority areas including
AI-driven predictive matching of skilled   autonomous vehicles, financial
        annotators to relevant projects.   services, Europe and Asia-Pacific.




                                                                         Appen 2020 Annual Report   19
How we
 create value
                                       Value drivers

                                                 Global crowd

                                       Our skilled and flexible crowd of 1 million+ contractors lives
                                       in 170+ countries and speaks 235 languages.          See page 22.




     Market drivers,
     societal trends                            Appen employees

                                       We have 1,125 experienced employees with deep industry
     Growth in AI investment           expertise based in 14 locations globally.       See page 24.
     and applications


     Digital disruption,
     new digital business models                Technology, processes, systems

     Growth in the freelance economy   Our industry-leading technology, processes and
     and remote work                   systems deliver high-quality outcomes for customers
                                       and drive business productivity.                 See page 26.


     Responsible labour practices


     Supply chain management                     Customer and brand

                                       Over 20+ years we have built trusted relationships and
     Ethical AI                        a reputation for quality and service excellence.  See page 28.


     Data privacy and security


      See pages 38-43.
                                                 Financial

                                       Our financial performance supports strategic execution,
                                       shareholder returns and investment in growth.    See page 30.




                                                 Social and environment

                                       We manage our social and environmental impacts and
                                       look for ways to make a positive contribution.  See page 32.



20
                    The United Nations Sustainable
                    Development Goals (SDGs) we contribute to:




Business            Value created
activities
                    Crowd and employees
                    We provide flexible, work-from-home opportunities
                    to our global crowd of 1 million+ contractors. We are
                    committed to treating our crowd fairly in accordance with
                    our Crowd Code of Ethics. We make Appen a great place
 Data collection,
                    to work for our 1,125 employees by providing opportunities
 annotation and
                    for development and an inclusive environment.
 testing at scale



                    Customers
                    By providing high-quality training data at scale we help
                    our customers to create and launch innovative products
   Technology       and services, accelerate their time to market, improve
  and tools for     the user experience for their customers, and increase
 data annotation    their productivity and efficiency.




                    Shareholders
                    We continue to grow the business and to deliver increased
                    revenue and earnings to support returns for shareholders.
                    We are investing in new markets and technology to deliver
    Crowd
                    additional growth and productivity. Our focus on our
  management
                    strategy and business value drivers underpins our strong
                    financial performance and creates sustainable long-term
                    value for shareholders.




                    Society
Managed services    By providing training data that is responsibly sourced
 for customers      from a diverse crowd of human annotators, we help
                    to make AI ethical and fair to ensure that it delivers
                    appropriate and equitable results for end users. We also
                    play a role in enabling AI that delivers benefits to society,
                    through innovative products and services and more
                    efficient allocation of natural resources.


                                                                  Appen 2020 Annual Report   21
     Value drivers




                         Global
                         crowd
                         Our skilled and diverse                           Engagement and productivity
                                                                           Our crowd is most engaged and
                         crowd of over 1 million+                          productive when doing interesting work
                         contractors lives in more                         that aligns with their skills. We have
                                                                           invested in AI-driven smart matching
                         than 170 countries and                            technology that connects crowd
                                                                           contractors with projects aligned with
                         speaks 235 languages.                             their personal attributes and with tasks
                                                                           they’ve completed successfully in the
                         Our recruitment and                               past. This supports higher satisfaction
                         retention of an engaged                           and productivity and better data quality.
                                                                           The improvements we have made to
                         and productive crowd                              improve our crowd workers’ experience
                                                                           are reflected in our Crowd Net Promoter
                         is key to our ability to                          Score (NPS) which has increased over
                                                                           the last two years.
                         serve our customers.
                                                                           Crowd NPS 1
                                                                           2020                                 48
                         Attracting a skilled crowd                        2019                            47
                         Our flexible work-from-home model                 2018              43
                         attracts a wide range of people who


     1m+
                         value the benefits of being able to work
                         independently, when, where and as much            Crowd diversity and inclusion
                         as they choose. This year, we received            Our remote work model provides
                         a record number of new contractor                 opportunities for people of all abilities
     crowd contractors
                         applications as people sought to earn an          and backgrounds. We are proud of
                         income from home during COVID-related             our hugely diverse crowd which spans
                         lockdowns. This has further added to              many cultures, ethnicities, age groups,
                         the diversity of our crowd, and to the            life stages and occupations.
                         depth and breadth of our contractor
                                                                           Our customers also value this diversity
                         skill base. To improve the onboarding


     70k+
                                                                           and consider it critical to the quality
                         experience we have been investing
                                                                           and real-world applicability of the
                         in our Appen Connect technology
                                                                           training data we provide.
                         platform which enables recruitment
     crowd contractors   and contractor management at scale.
     paid each month




     Priority SDGs

                         1 Measures the likelihood of crowd contractors to recommend Appen to a friend or colleague,
                           according to a scale of 1–10 where 10 means extremely likely (0–6 Detractor, 7–8 Passive,
                           9–10 Promoter). NPS is calculated by subtracting the % of total detractors from the % of total
22                         promoters. Scores can range from -100 to +100. Source: Cascade Insights, November 2020.
Crowd care
We are committed to the fair and ethical
treatment of our contractors, and to their
wellbeing. In addition to it being the right
thing to do, we believe it is an important
strategic differentiator for our business
as our customers seek to ensure that
their partners stand for responsible
and sustainable labour and supply
chain practices.
Our position is stated in our Crowd Code
of Ethics. This includes our goal of fair
pay and having our hourly rates exceed
the minimum wage in markets where our
managed services are used by customers.
Our Global Ethical Sourcing and Modern
                                                  Image courtesy of cLabs, Toca.
Slavery Policy outlines what we expect
of our suppliers, and our contractors are
also covered by our Whistleblower and
Speak Up Policy.
                                               Creating opportunities
This year, we established a new
Crowd Care Team to improve the                 Appen has partnered with cLabs, Kotani Pay, Mercy Corps and NairoBits
experience for our contributors. We listened   to pilot a project that extends the economic benefits of digital microwork
to their feedback and analysed key crowd       to low-income and unemployed young people in Kenya.
support performance metrics. In response,      Over 200 participants are being trained to access digital microwork via
we have developed new crowd-focused            the Toca mobile app. The project leverages digital stablecoins, mobile wallets,
policies and processes and improved            and the ubiquity of mobile phones.
our communication.

Protecting privacy
and confidentiality
Our crowd contractors expect that we
safeguard their personal information and
our customers also insist on the highest               Our Crowd Code of Ethics
levels of information security. We protect
our crowd’s personally identifiable                    X Fair pay - Our goal is to pay our crowd above minimum wage
information (PII) by using a combination                 in every market around the world where we operate.
of people, processes and technology.                   X Inclusion - A diverse, inclusive culture is vital to our mission
Every Appen employee who interacts                       of helping build better AI. We offer opportunities for individuals
with the crowd’s PII is trained on the                   of all abilities and backgrounds.
proper handling of this information                    X Crowd voice - Our crowd has a valued voice at Appen,
and the critical importance of adhering                  and their feedback helps us to continuously improve.
to our data protection processes.
                                                       X Privacy and confidentiality – Any information collected about
                                                         the crowd is requested solely for the purposes of the project.
Outlook                                                  We take precautions to protect that information and do not release
                                                         private data on individuals to third parties without consent.
In 2021, we will remain focused                        X Communication - We believe in helpful, transparent,
on our commitments in our                                and responsive lines of communication with our crowd.
Crowd Code of Ethics. We will also
                                                       X Wellbeing - We promote wellness, community, and connections
continue to invest in technology
                                                         through online forums and best practices.
that makes our processes better
for both new applicants and
existing contractors. Together with
the work our Crowd Care team is                                   Crowd Code of Ethics Statement
doing to improve communications,                                  The Code of Ethics shows our dedication to the
we believe this will deliver increased                            wellbeing of our crowd. The Statement is available at:
productivity, engagement and                                      appen.com/crowd-wellness/
satisfaction for our crowd.




                                                                                                       Appen 2020 Annual Report   23
     Value drivers




                                             Appen
                                             employees
                                             We have 1,125 employees                    Employee engagement 2

                                             with deep industry                         2020
                                                                                                             82%              8%10%

                                                                                                            76%              14% 9%
                                             expertise based in                         2019
                                                                                                            78%               14% 8%
                                             14 locations globally.                     2018


                                                                                          Positive          Neutral          Negative
                                             Their experience
                                             and commitment                             Values and culture
                                             to our customers,                          As the company has grown significantly in
                                                                                        recent years, both organically and through
                                             crowd, colleagues                          acquisitions, we have been focused
                                                                                        on ensuring that all our employees
                                             and values make                            understand our values. The feedback
                                             Appen a great team.                        from our employee engagement survey
                                                                                        indicates that our people feel that
                                                                                        we live our mission, vision and values.

                                                                                        Respect for management                 93%
     1,125 employees                         Making Appen a great
                                                                                        Respect for employees
     (+44% on 2019)                          place to work                                                                   88%
                                                                                        Teamwork                             88%
                                             We operate in a high growth and
                                             competitive market and we work with        Communication                        87%
                                             companies that are at the leading edge
                                                                                        Mission, vision and values
                                             of AI innovation. This gives our people                                         86%
                                             opportunities for challenging work         Ethics and social responsibility
                                                                                                                             85%
                                             in an environment that is conducive to
                                                                                        Work-life balance
                                             professional and personal development.                                    70%

                                             Our goal is to make Appen a great
                                             place to work. We were therefore           Our employees have, however, reported
                                             pleased to see a notable increase          finding it difficult to achieve work-life
                                             in employee engagement in 2020,            balance when working from home due
      Permanent    938   Part time     47
                                             despite the disruption caused by the       to COVID-19. To help alleviate these
      Fixed term   180   Full time   1,078
                                             pandemic. The overall engagement           pressures we are adding resources
      Casual         7
                                             score was 82%, an increase of six          in areas facing high workloads and
                                             percentage points on 2019.                 investing in technology to improve
                                                                                        internal processes and efficiency.
                                             81% of respondents also said they would    We are also working on initiatives that
                                             recommend Appen as a great place           will help our people thrive as we move
                                             to work, an increase of nine percentage    to a hybrid home-office environment.
     Priority SDGs                           points on 2019, and significantly higher
                                             than the industry benchmark of 70%. 1


                                             1 Aon Hewitt 2019.
24                                           2 Appen Employee Engagement Survey, November–December 2020.
Diversity and inclusion
We employ a hugely diverse group
of people across our global operations.
Our inclusive practices are guided
by our Diversity Policy which focuses
on increasing gender and ethnic
diversity amongst employees, in senior
management and on the Board.

The Board has set a target of 30%
female representation at all senior
leadership levels. Management has
implemented a range of initiatives
to achieve this goal including adding
a new Senior Director level to the career
ladder to create opportunities for the
development of executive-level skills.

                           % female

                        2020       2019
 Total workforce            58        58
 Board Director             43        33      Our values
 Executive Team/SVP         13        13      Performance is having the focus           Humility is being part of a team;
 Vice President             25        30      and agility to achieve quality            giving credit and showing gratitude
                                              outcomes and exceed expectations.         to others for their contributions;
 Senior Director           50             –
                                              We never stop learning, and push          seeking diverse perspectives; and,
 Director                  60         66      and challenge ourselves every day.        not being afraid to ask for help when
 Manager                    61        68                                                we don’t know something.
                                              Honesty is being a truth-teller in
                                              a respectful way; taking accountability   Grit is about taking ownership; not
This year, a Diversity and Inclusion          for our actions; giving and receiving     giving up; and, finding the courage
Committee was established to foster           direct feedback; and, being honest        to succeed. Grit and resilience give
an inclusive work culture and practices       with each other, our customers,           us the confidence and determination
for the benefit of under-represented          our crowd and ourselves.                  to achieve our goals.
groups and the workforce overall.



                                                            29,380
Training and development
We provide our employees with extensive
training and opportunities for career
development, including through Appen                        total training hours
University. We provide job specific                         (1 February–31 December 2020)
training for specialty roles and have
a High Potential Leadership Program.
This is in addition to our annual training
requirements in critical areas such
as data privacy, security awareness           A safe place to work
and sexual harassment. We also have
                                              This year, our top priority was to ensure that our employees
annual refresher training for our Code
                                              were safe and well. We established a COVID-19 Response Team
of Conduct which sets out employees’
                                              to put appropriate safety protocols and policies in place for
obligations to act honestly and ethically.
                                              all our workplaces and set up an online COVID-19 information
                                              and resource hub.
Outlook                                       We also have a range of policies and processes in place to protect
                                              our employees’ health and safety and to promote respectful conduct.
In 2021, we will be implementing
                                              These include our Work Health and Safety Policy, our Workplace
action plans based on the areas
                                              Anti-Discrimination and Harassment Policy, our Code of Conduct
of focus identified through our
                                              and our Whistleblower and Speak Up Policy.
employee engagement survey.
This includes creating more                   In 2020, we had 105 whistleblower and speak up cases from reporters
opportunities for growth and                  including our crowd and employees. Four people had their employment
helping our people to achieve                 terminated on the grounds of serious misconduct.
work-life balance. Our Employee
                                              The lost time injury frequency rate for our Australian operations was zero.
Ambassadors are also developing
business unit specific plans.
                                                                                                      Appen 2020 Annual Report   25
     Value drivers




                                  Technology,
                                  processes,
                                  systems
                                  Our technology, processes                  Our workspace connects with
                                                                             customers’ systems through
                                  and systems enable us                      application programming interfaces
                                                                             (APIs) and allows integration with
                                  to deliver high-quality                    their real-time data pipelines. In 2020,
                                                                             we released ‘AI Workflow’ which
                                  outcomes for customers.                    removes manual handling of data
                                  Technology also supports                   and enables sequencing of human
                                                                             and machine learning operations
                                  crowd and employee                         for complex use cases.

                                  satisfaction, product and                  Crowd management
                                  revenue growth, as well                    We manage large scale, complex
                                                                             annotation and data collection programs
                                  as productivity and                        for our customers, typically involving
                                                                             thousands of crowd contractors.
                                  margin expansion.                          Our crowd management platform, Appen
                                                                             Connect, enables us to recruit, onboard
                                                                             and pay our crowd. It is also used by our
                                                                             internal recruiters and project managers
                                  Annotation platform and tools              to match contractors to jobs, and to track
                                                                             quality. In 2020, we added AI-driven
                                  Our platform and tools support at-scale    predictive matching functionality that
                                  data collection and annotation across

     99.98%
                                                                             connects contractors to tasks according
                                  data types including text, audio, image    to their skills and expertise.
                                  and video. They also support a broad
                                  range of use cases, from content           Tech-led productivity
     Annotation platform system   relevance to computer vision and
     availability in 2020                                                    By applying machine learning
                                  speech and language. Quality control
                                                                             based automation to our systems
                                  and monitoring are built-in. In 2020,
                                                                             and processes, we can increase data
                                  we added three-dimensional point cloud


     4 of 5
                                                                             output, achieve productivity gains
                                  functionality to support light detection
                                                                             for our customers and our business,
                                  and ranging (LiDAR) annotation.
                                                                             and improve customer and crowd
                                  We also added AI-assisted annotation
                                                                             satisfaction. Our experience to-date
     major global technology      for specific project types that greatly
                                                                             shows that use of automation
     customers use our            improves crowd productivity.
     annotation platform                                                     translates to efficiency gains of 88%
                                  Client workspace                           in automatic speech recognition and
                                                                             92% in semantic image segmentation.
                                  Our self-service workspace is used by
                                                                             It can also result in 3–6x faster
                                  our customers’ data scientists to design
                                                                             completion of LiDAR annotation and
                                  tasks and workflows. It allows them to
                                                                             optical character recognition (OCR)
                                  interact with our crowd and manage data
                                                                             for document transcription.
     Priority SDG                 preparation and labelled training data.




26
System and data security
Security is an essential and core
competency of our business model. Our
approach is comprehensive and involves
people, processes and technology.
We implement global best practices
and adhere to industry recognised
standards, such as the International
Organization for Standardization (ISO)
and National Institute of Standards and
Technology (NIST).

Mandatory security awareness training
is provided to employees and regular
synthetic phishing tests are conducted
to ensure they are aware of the threats
and their responsibilities. The training
is also being rolled out to independent                   Mobile app for anytime, anywhere
contractors based on requirements.
                                                          We have launched a new mobile app that enables crowd
We provide customers with a range of                      contractors to sign up, search for projects, and work on data
secure technology solutions. Our SaaS                     collection tasks anytime, anywhere.
customers can keep their data in their
                                                          It allows tasks such as video data collection to be completed on a contractor’s
storage and do not need to physically
                                                          smartphone and uploaded seamlessly. The app greatly improves the user
move it to our environment. For maximum
                                                          experience for our crowd and means that we can attract more people
data security, our software can be
                                                          in markets where the use of personal computers is not common.
deployed in customers’ air-gapped
environment or private cloud.

Where customers have elevated data
security requirements, they can use one
of our five ISO 27001 certified secure
                                                          Data privacy
facilities in the Philippines, the UK and                 We manage large amounts of data, including commercially sensitive
China. Our Secure Workspace solution                      and personally identifiable information. Our engineering and privacy teams
which provides facility level security                    work together closely to ensure that data protection is integrated into our
for people working from home is also                      systems. We also work to comply with specific data privacy requirements in
ISO 27001 certified.                                      the markets in which we operate, including the California Consumer Privacy
                                                          Act, the Philippines and Australian Privacy Acts, and the EU/UK General Data
Cyber security                                            Protection Regulation. Mandatory data privacy training is provided to all
Our cyber security risk management                        employees on an annual basis.
framework is based on internationally                     In 2020, there was one data privacy incident relating to unauthorised access
recognised standards and is structured                    to Appen’s systems. Appropriate measures were taken to quickly contain and
to detect, protect against and respond                    report the incident and remedial actions have been taken to remove the root
to cyber security threats. Security                       cause. 1 There was one privacy complaint that has been resolved. 2
penetration testing is conducted
annually by a third-party specialist and
we are ISO 27001 and SOC 2 certified.
                                                          Outlook
Reliability                                               In 2021, we will continue to invest in machine learning and
Our engineering teams also focus                          engineering to bring automation into our production environment.
on system reliability and resilience.                     In addition to pursuing increased data output speeds and quality,
This includes working to strict system                    we will be investing to enhance user experience, tool and platform
availability targets and ensuring that                    functionality and project management productivity. We will also
our systems can safely scale in response                  continue to improve our security profile and processes to ensure
to growing demand.                                        we maintain a robust security environment.




1 ‘Incident’ means a known, material, and publicly reported privacy incident involving unauthorised access,
  disclosure, or loss of personal data in Appen’s custody or control. See ASX Announcement, Appen
  Advises of IT Security Incident, 30 July 2020.
2 ‘Complaint’ means a known formal complaint submitted to an applicable authority specifying Appen’s
  alleged failure to comply with applicable data privacy laws.



                                                                                                                 Appen 2020 Annual Report   27
     Value drivers




                                   Customer
                                   and brand
                                   Over 20+ years, we have                    Growing our customer base
                                                                              Our customers include the world’s
                                   built trusted relationships                leading technology companies and
                                                                              organisations that are at the forefront of AI.
                                   with our customers and
                                                                              Outside of this base, an increasing
                                   a reputation for service                   number of organisations are investing
                                                                              in AI. Some are integrating AI as a core
                                   excellence that we work                    component of their business while others
                                   hard to uphold. These                      are running pilots or working to scale
                                                                              their initial programs. To meet the needs
                                   relationships are founded                  of these organisations we are evolving
                                                                              our products, services and commercial
                                   on our ability to deliver                  presence to support different levels
                                                                              of AI awareness, adoption and maturity.
                                   high-quality training
                                                                              Through our China and Government
                                   data at scale.                             business units we have established
                                                                              bespoke capabilities and are building
                                                                              our customer relationships in these two
                                                                              high-potential markets. We also have many
                                   Customers value our expertise              commercial and enterprise customers
                                                                              around the world whom we serve through
                                   We have the leading position in AI
                                                                              dedicated sales teams in the US, UK,
                                   training data due to the breadth of our

     136
                                                                              mainland Europe, Japan and Australia.
                                   services and the depth of our expertise.
                                   We provide customers with access to        In 2020, we worked with 136 new
                                   our 1 million+ crowd and our annotation    organisations from industries including
     new customers in 2020         platform. We support all data modalities   financial services, automotive,
                                   and serve customers’ data collection,      e-commerce, healthcare, logistics,
                                   annotation and relevance needs.            shipping, food and retail. This was
                                   We also have a long track record           driven by our investment in sales
                                   of helping our customers deploy            and marketing and demonstrates the
                                   AI in the real world.                      applicability of our technology and crowd
                                                                              capabilities to a wide range of use cases.

     931m
                                   We provide flexible services and
                                   cater to customers with different          We also now create and curate open
                                   levels of requirements and experience.     source datasets and provide more than
     relevance judgements                                                     250 licensable off-the-shelf datasets
                                   Where customers want end-to-end
                                                                              across 80 languages to support a wide
     2.9m                          training data services we can
                                   manage the project and the crowd.
                                   Other customers with training data
                                                                              variety of common AI use cases.

     images and videos collected
                                   expertise can choose to administer jobs
                                   on our platform directly. As customers
     Priority SDG                  increasingly use our annotation platform
                                   we become an integral part of their
                                   workflow and increase our annual
                                   contract revenue.
28
Helping to grow the market                  Contactless fast food with AI
We are the leader in a fast-moving
market and are at the forefront of how      As a result of the pandemic, fast food restaurants have been
to deliver high-quality AI training data.   looking for new ways to serve food in a way that is hygienic and
We support new customers in their AI        safe for their customers and employees. This has accelerated
journey by sharing best practices and       demand for voice-enabled services that eliminate touchscreens
the specialist knowledge we have built      and enable social distancing.
over decades of experience.                 To ensure their customers continue to receive great service, a global
                                            fast-food company has partnered with Appen to improve the Automatic
In addition to supporting customers
                                            Speech Recognition (ASR) technology used in their drive-through kiosks.
directly, we provide information and
resources that address the practical        By providing large volumes of high-quality transcribed audio data, we have
challenges of building a successful AI      helped to train their ASR models to ignore the ambient noise associated
program. In 2020, we held a ‘Launching      with drive-throughs and to respond to customer requests in multiple
AI in the Real World’ virtual roundtable    languages. This has resulted in safe and streamlined ordering, faster
series, featuring our internal subject      delivery and improved service for customers.
matter experts together with customers
and partners.

We also recently published the
‘Embracing Responsible AI from Pilot to
Production’ e-book to help organisations
understand the importance of
high-quality and unbiased training data
to the delivery of high-performing and
responsible AI.

           To access our AI
           Resource Centre see:
           appen.com/resources


Brand and reputation
In 2020, we completed the integration
of Figure Eight and relaunched
a refreshed Appen brand that builds
on the brand equity in both businesses.

In our recent survey of 200+ training
data decision makers, we found
that 90% of those who know us had
a ‘very favourable’ opinion of Appen.
They also strongly agreed with the
following statements:
•   Appen provides reliable training data
•   Appen provides quality training data

Three-quarters of those who know
Appen also said that the Crowd Code
of Ethics is an important factor in
considering our services and products.



                                            Outlook
                                            We will continue to leverage our sales and marketing
                                            capabilities to strengthen our relationships with existing
                                            customers and to grow our presence in new industries and
                                            markets. The importance of deep expertise to high-quality
                                            training data will be a major part of our 2021 go-to-market,
                                            highlighting our clear competitive advantage in this area.




                                                                                                 Appen 2020 Annual Report   29
     Value drivers




Financial
        Revenue                                                   Underlying EBITDA 1                                     Underlying basic EPS 1


        $599.9m                                                   $108.6m                                                 52.93¢
        (A$’000)                                                  (A$’000)                                                (A¢)


                                                        599,855                                                 108,550
                            R                                                        R                                                    R
                                                                               AG
                                                                                                                                                         54.87
                                                                                                      100,961
                     AG                                                                                                             AG
                                                                                                                                                                 52.93
                                              535,999
                 C                                                          C                                                    C
           %                                                          %                                                      %
                                                                  51
                                                                                                                                                 46.11
       49                                                                                                                 44


                                                                                             71,253
                                    364,289



                                                                                                                                         20.12
                          166,571                                                   28,118
                111,003                                                                                                          10.95
       82,716                                                     14,034   17,315                                         8.67




       2015     2016      2017      2018      2019      2020      2015     2016     2017     2018     2019      2020      2015   2016    2017    2018    2019    2020




        Underlying NPAT 1                                         Underlying EBITDA margin 1                              Dividend (full year)


        $64.4m                                                    18.1%                                                   10.0¢
        (A$’000)                                                  (%)                                                     (A¢)
                            R
                                              64,710    64,379
                     AG
                 C
                                                                                             19.6                                                                10.0
           %                                                                                          18.8
       51                                                                                                       18.1                                     9.0
                                                                  17.0              16.9
                                    49,028                                 15.6                                                                  8.0


                                                                                                                                         6.0
                                                                                                                                 5.0
                                                                                                                          4.2
                          19,749

                10,620
       8,308




       2015     2016      2017      2018      2019      2020      2015     2016     2017     2018     2019      2020      2015   2016    2017    2018    2019    2020


     1 Underlying NPAT, EBITDA and EPS exclude the impact of items relating to business acquisitions, including amortisation of acquired
       assets, share-based payments, transaction costs and fair-value adjustments. Underlying NPAT and EPS also exclude deemed interest
30     on acquisition related earn-out payments.
Our financial results reflect our continued growth
and the strength and resilience of our customer
relationships, crowd model and service delivery
capabilities. Our balance sheet also continued to
strengthen, and we ended the year well-positioned
to pursue further growth and opportunities.


Financial performance highlights               in sales and marketing, technology, and               Share price appreciation
                                               our China and Government businesses.                  since listing 1
Revenue and other income increased
                                               Expenses were tightly managed, but
12% to $599.9 million. Strong growth
                                               margins ended slightly lower at 18.1%,

                                                                                                      4,838%
in the first half of the year was primarily
                                               down from 18.8%, as a result of the
driven by an increase in existing and
new Relevance projects with existing           growth investments.
customers. In the second half, revenue         Underlying NPAT was 1% lower at                       Appen
growth was impacted by changes in our          $64.4 million. Profit was impacted by the
major customers’ activities and priorities

                                                                                                      21%
                                               strategic growth investments and higher
in response to COVID-19. As most of            amortisation which reflects our continued
our sales are in US dollars, the stronger      investment in engineering and technology
Australian dollar in the second half           to drive growth and efficiency and
impacted our AUD reported revenue.                                                                   ASX 100
                                               to enhance our competitive positioning.


                                                                                                      23%
Increasing annual contract value (ACV)         The balance sheet continued to grow.
is a key focus as we seek to increase          Net assets increased to $485.9 million
revenue from our data annotation               despite the strong exchange rate that
platform services for new and existing
                                               applied at 31 December 2020. Cash on                  ASX 200
customers. Four of our five major
                                               hand increased to $78.4 million after the
customers use the platform for a variety
                                               full repayment of debt, growth investments            1 7 January 2015 to
of projects, and we believe the number
                                               and increased dividend and tax payments.                31 December 2020.
and scope of projects will increase
as the platform becomes integrated             The full year dividend was 10 cents,
into customers’ workflow. ACV as at            up 11%. Both the interim dividend of
1 February 2021 was US$124 million, up         4.5 cents per share and the final dividend
from US$25 million at the end of 2019.         of 5.5 cents were 50% franked.

Revenue by operating division:                 Cash flow remained strong. Cash flow
                                               from operations increased 39% and cash
Relevance revenue was $538.2 million,
                                               conversion from EBITDA was 104%.
up 15%, as our customers continued to
require high-quality annotated data to
build, train and maintain the performance
of their search engines, social media and
e-commerce applications.

Speech & Image revenue was
                                                        Outlook
$61.2 million, down 10%, as these activities            Our financial performance continues to support execution
are more dependent on customer                          of our strategy, investment in growth and shareholder returns.
timing and investment and product life                  We are well-positioned to take advantage of the growing demand for
cycles. The pandemic resulted in some                   high-quality training data as organisations globally increase their adoption of AI.
projects being delayed or cancelled and
it also impacted our ability to win new                 As economic recovery remains uncertain and uneven in 2021 we expect
customers. Speech & Image includes                      that customers will closely scrutinise their spending and investment plans.
products and services for AI-based                      Changes to the regulatory environment may also see customers shift
voice interface, translation, text analysis,            priorities into new product development areas that will take time to grow.
AR/VR, and image perception systems                     In 2021, we will leverage our investments in sales and marketing, technology,
including LiDAR for autonomous vehicles.                China and Government, as well as our customer relationships and deep
Underlying EBITDA increased 8%                          expertise, to deliver more customer and project wins, higher ACV and
to $108.6 million. This reflected the                   greater productivity.
significant investments made during the                 X For more detailed information on our financial performance see the
year to drive future growth – including                   Directors’ report pages 51–54 and the Financial report pages 73–127.

                                                                                                               Appen 2020 Annual Report       31
     Value drivers




                     Social and
                     environment

                     As a global company                        Achieving fair AI
                                                                When an AI product is deployed in the
                     with an important role                     real world it must be effective and safe
                     in the development                         and deliver equitable results for all users.
                                                                It requires that fairness and risks of
                     of AI technology,                          bias are considered at all points of the
                                                                development life cycle. This starts with
                     we have a responsibility                   having high-quality comprehensive AI
                                                                training data. We help our customers
                     to manage our impacts                      to incorporate fairness and minimise
                     on society and the                         bias by providing responsibly sourced
                                                                training data from our diverse and
                     environment. We also                       skilled global crowd of data annotators.

                     look for ways to make                      Creating responsible AI
                     a positive contribution.                   standards with the World
                                                                Economic Forum
                                                                In August 2020, we announced
                                                                our multi-year partnership with the
                                                                World Economic Forum (WEF) to
                     Modern slavery and
                                                                design standards and best practices
                     human rights                               for responsible training data when
                     We consider the salient human rights       building machine learning and
                     and labour risks associated with our       artificial intelligence applications.
                     business and work to understand and
                     manage the risks of modern slavery         The aim is to improve quality, efficiency,
                     and human rights abuses in our supply      transparency and responsibility for
                     chain. Our Global Ethical Sourcing and     AI projects while promoting inclusivity
                     Modern Slavery Policy sets out our         and collaboration. Adoption of these
                     expectations of our suppliers including:   standards by the technology community
                     no forced labour; fair employment,         will help to increase the community’s trust
                     working hours and conditions;              in AI and the value of AI for businesses.
                     freedom of association; freedom from       We are also working with WEF to increase
                     discrimination and harassment; and         awareness of the importance of fair AI
                     whistleblower protections.                 throughout the supply chain.

                                                                            To learn more about
                                                                            our partnership with the
                                                                            World Economic Forum
                                                                            see: appen.com/wef

     Priority SDGs




32
Good business practice
Doing business responsibly and
sustainably is key to our ability
to create value for our stakeholders
over the long term.

Our Code of Conduct prescribes the
standards of professionalism, integrity,
honesty and ethical behaviour we expect
in our business, of our people and in
our interactions with all stakeholders.
We have zero tolerance for bribery and
corruption and our Anti-Corruption and
Anti-Bribery Policy details our approach.
We also do not use corporate funds for
political advocacy and we do not make
political donations.

Inclusive hiring practices
We are an active supporter of
people with disabilities. During the
                                              Machine translation to help fight COVID-19
year, we had 78 people with partial           In 2020, health organisations around the world needed to deliver
and hearing impairment supporting             urgent COVID-19 related health and safety guidelines to diverse
image annotation work in our facility         populations in their native languages. To do that, they needed
in the Philippines. We have been              access to accurate and high-quality translations of COVID-19
recognised by The Philippine Council          related terminology.
of Organizations on Disability and
                                              To make this information globally accessible and equitable, Appen joined with
Empowerment for hiring and promoting
                                              other large data companies like Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft
diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
                                              to work with Translators without Borders on sourcing and annotating relevant
Removing traditional                          data for 38 languages. The focus was on under-resourced languages spoken
                                              in communities that are considered most susceptible to the spread of the virus.
barriers to work
Removing traditional barriers to work is      As a result of the initiative, translated datasets of 70,000 key COVID-19 terms
a key differentiator of our business model.   and phrases are being made publicly accessible for translation professionals
This has guided our membership of the         and for training state-of-the-art machine translation models.
Global Impact Sourcing Coalition which         To learn more about the Translation Initiative for COVID-19 see: tico-19.github.io
works to provide career development
opportunities to people who otherwise
have limited employment prospects.

By hiring crowd contractors from
communities that lack employment
                                                    Recognition
options, our goal is to help them achieve           Appen has received a Business
self-sufficiency through income growth,             Intelligence Group Innovation Award
skill development and professional                  for our global crowd expertise and
advancement. This approach helps lift               2020 partnership with Translators
families and communities out of poverty             without Borders on TICO-19
and enables us to access more diverse
pools of talent.




                                              Outlook
                                              In 2021, we are scaling up our impact sourcing activities and will
                                              continue our work with the World Economic Forum on responsible AI.
                                              The steps we are taking to identify, manage and mitigate modern
                                              slavery risks and human rights abuses in our operations and supply
                                              chain will be included in our Modern Slavery Statement which will
                                              be released by June 2021 as required under the Modern Slavery
                                              Act 2018 (Cth).




                                                                                                         Appen 2020 Annual Report    33
     Social and environment



     Climate change poses major risks to our environment,                                                   Priority SDGs

     society and economy. We are therefore committed to
     playing our part in limiting climate change in line with
     the goals of the Paris Agreement and supporting the
     transition to net zero emissions by 2050.


     We disclose our approach and plans            Environmental footprint                          As a technology company, our primary
     in line with the recommendations of           As our core business is data annotation,         transition risks relate to our reliance
     the Task Force on Climate-related             we have a relatively small environmental         on electricity to power our operations
     Financial Disclosures.                        impact within our own operations. We are         and our customers’ requirements for
                                                   committed to reducing the impact of our          environmentally responsible suppliers
     Governance                                    operations, including our offices, facilities,   as part of their commitment to net zero
     Our environmental and climate                 travel and data centre usage by:                 emissions in their supply chains. We are
     change commitments are outlined in                                                             addressing these risks by driving more
                                                   •   leasing energy efficient buildings and
     our Environment Position Statement.                                                            energy-efficient operations and our
                                                       adopting energy efficient practices
     The Board of Directors is responsible                                                          commitment to reducing and reporting
                                                   •   reducing electricity consumption and         our carbon footprint.
     for considering the environmental
                                                       increasing our use of renewable energy
     impacts of our activities, setting
                                                   •   optimising our data centre                   Opportunities
     standards, and monitoring compliance
     with our sustainability policies and              requirements and working with                We believe that AI will be applied
     practices. The Board also oversees the            a cloud supplier that has committed          in the development of new technologies
     management of climate change related              to using 100% renewable energy               that reduce reliance on fossil fuels,
     risks and opportunities and approves          •   reducing waste generation and                cut greenhouse gas emissions,
     climate change related disclosures.               water use and increasing recycling           improve efficiency and optimise
                                                                                                    resource allocation. As the provider of
     The Audit and Risk Management                 •   evaluating and reducing our
                                                                                                    training data for AI model development,
     Committee is responsible for                      greenhouse gas emissions
                                                                                                    we anticipate that the demand for our
     considering environmental and climate         •   minimising travel by using digital           products and services will continue to
     change risk, making recommendations               conferencing and collaboration tools         grow as new technologies are developed.
     to Board, and ensuring that management        •   buying carbon offsets
     is effectively managing the risks.                for unavoidable travel                       Risk management
                                                   •   working with our partners                    We assess and manage climate risk
     Strategy
                                                       and suppliers on sustainable                 through our risk management framework.
     In determining our strategic response to                                                       Climate risk is incorporated into our Risk
                                                       procurement solutions
     climate change, we have considered our                                                         Appetite Statement which sets out our
     environmental footprint and the physical      Physical and transition risks                    key risk types, the thresholds for each,
     and transition risks posed to our business,                                                    and how we monitor and mitigate these
                                                   Our analysis indicates that we do not face
     as well as the opportunities that the                                                          risks. Management, the Audit and Risk
                                                   material risks from the physical impacts
     transition to a low carbon economy creates.                                                    Management Committee and the Board
                                                   of climate change, given the dispersed
     As our major global technology                nature of our data annotation activities         of Directors all have responsibilities
     customers have committed to net zero          and operations. Where we have offices            with respect to overseeing, assessing
     emissions in their supply chains, taking      or facilities in areas that are subject to       and managing climate change risk
     a proactive and responsible approach          extreme weather events, such as the              (see Governance above).
     on climate change is also strategically       Philippines, we manage and will keep
     important to our business.                    under review the potential risks in the          Metrics and targets
                                                   context of our business continuity and           To more accurately measure and assess
                                                   disaster recovery plans. We also do not          how we manage our environmental
                See our Environment                have material indirect exposure to physical      footprint, we are developing an
                Position Statement at:             risk through potential impacts to our            environment management system (EMS)
                appen.com/environment-             customers or suppliers, due to the nature        that formalises our processes and
                social-and-governance/             and diversity of their core businesses           practices. We intend to use the EMS to
                                                   and their wide geographic distribution.          further increase our operational efficiency
                The Board and Audit
                and Risk Management                                                                 by enabling us to measure our impact,
                Committee Charters are                                                              set targets and report our progress.
                available at: appen.com/
                corporate-governance/


34
Keeping energy flowing
Early detection of solar panel defects keeps solar farms
running efficiently. By applying computer vision to drone
aerial imagery and by providing training data that enables
machine learning models to identify defects, we help to
maintain the supply of renewable energy.




                                         Appen 2020 Annual Report   35
Identifying and
  managing risk
     Comprehensive risk         Risk appetite                                 We continue to engage with our teams
                                                                              to ensure their ongoing health and safety
                                Our risk appetite, in conjunction with our
     management is necessary    embedded risk management framework,
                                                                              and we have plans in place for phased
                                                                              returns to the office in a COVID-safe
     for Appen to meet its      provides direction on the type and level
                                                                              manner, once the risk to our employees
                                of risk we are willing to take in line with
                                                                              is determined as sufficiently low.
     strategic objectives.      our overall business strategy. Our risk
                                appetite has been defined at a category
     The main objective         level and approved by the Board.
                                                                              Emerging risks
                                                                              We define emerging risks as
     of our risk management     Key changes in                                uncertainties which might not be
                                                                              clearly understood, or possible to fully
     framework is to provide    our principal risks
                                                                              assess. These risks are considered
                                In the year, we regrouped our principal
     a ‘decision support’       risks to better reflect changes in
                                                                              in conjunction with our principal
                                                                              risks, and once they are more clearly
     approach to ensure         our risk priorities and focus areas
                                                                              understood, are incorporated into our
                                – see pages 38–43 for our key risks.
                                                                              existing risk reporting structure.
     equal consideration        Specifically, data management has
                                now become a standalone category.
     of risk and opportunity.                                                 ESG and climate change risks
                                Within these principal risks, the majority
                                have increased during the year,               Environmental, social and governance
                                primarily as a result of external factors     (ESG) risks, including climate change,
                                such as the coronavirus pandemic              are not reported as a separate principal
                                and geopolitical instability in the           risk. Rather, specific ESG risks are
                                markets Appen operates in.                    considered within the operational risks
                                                                              that impact our reported principal risks.
                                COVID-19 related risks                        Climate change risk is included in our
                                COVID-19 has had an impact across             risk analysis both from the perspective
                                a number of our principal risks in            of the risks to our business and to our
                                the year, even though the resilience          customers. We consider physical risks
                                and flexibility of our work-from-home         in the context of business continuity and
                                crowd model meant that our delivery           disaster recovery risks where we have
                                of high-quality outcomes for our              operations in areas that are subject
                                customers was not interrupted.                to extreme weather events. We also
                                                                              consider the transition risks, including for
                                The ongoing uncertainty and threat to
                                                                              our customers. Our approach is detailed
                                our employees required that we quickly
                                                                              in our Task Force on Climate-related
                                develop new workplace practices.
                                                                              Financial Disclosures on page 34.
                                This included forming a COVID-19
                                Response Team with responsibility for         In addition, ESG risks are considered
                                overseeing our global response to the         as part of our emerging risk analysis
                                pandemic, monitoring the landscape            to ensure new ESG risks are captured.
                                and ensuring the safety of our staff.
                                Response plans were put into place
                                quickly and our business model and
                                technology investments, such as the
                                Secure Workspace, facilitated a smooth
                                transition to at-home work for employees.




36
Risk management framework
Our risk management approach ensures innovation and new possibilities are embraced together with a comprehensive
analysis of the potential risks and identification of risk mitigation strategies. Risk management is the responsibility of all
employees and risk and control processes are integrated into day-to-day responsibilities.




                                                                      Ultimate responsibility
                                                                      Ultimate responsibility lies with the Board and is executed
                                                                      through the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
                                                                      Specific responsibilities include:
                                                                      •   Approval of the risk management framework.
                                                                      •   Approval of the risk appetite statement and subsequent
                                                                          addressing of escalated risk appetite triggers.
                                                                      •   Oversight of strategic risk.

                            Board
                                                                      Oversight
                                                                      The Executive Team and senior management have primary
                                                                      ownership and responsibility for implementing sound risk
                                                                      management practices and controls in line with the risk
                                                                      appetite statement. This includes being responsible for:
                        Executive                                     •   Assessing, managing and monitoring risk profiles for
                        and senior                                        identified strategic risks.

                       management                                     •   Identifying where risk appetite statement triggers
                                                                          may be met and further escalation is required.
                                                                      •   Promoting a positive and appropriate attitude towards
                                                                          risk management and ensuring employees are aware
                                                                          of their responsibilities.


                                                                      Monitoring
                      Risk and audit                                  The risk and audit function:
                          function                                    •   Defines the risk management process to be followed
                                                                          by the business (including risk appetite).
                                                                      •   Reviews and challenges the strategic and operational
                                                                          risks ensuring controls identified are operating, and
                                                                          tracks closure of items.
                                                                      •   Facilitates risk process, collating risk registers
                                                                          and consolidating the strategic risk register.
                   Management and                                     •   Aligns assurance activity.
                   day-to-day control
                       operators                                      Ownership
                                                                      All employees are responsible for:
                                                                      •   Identifying, prioritising, assessing and monitoring of risk
                                                                          which may arise in the business operations.
                                                                      •   Implementing and complying with all controls, policies
                                                                          and procedures within their area of responsibility,
                                                                          including devising and implementing controls to address
                                                                          identified operational risks.




                                                                                                                 Appen 2020 Annual Report   37
     Identifying and managing risk




     A summary of our principal risks, changes in the year, mitigation strategies and related trends are detailed in the tables below.
     This reflects the risks identified by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2020. The risk landscape is continually evolving
     and we regularly monitor and identify risks on a proactive basis. This means the risk register and associated strategies are not
     exhaustive and are reflective of efforts at a set point in time.

     Business model

     Principal risk                      Change                       Mitigation                                       Value driver


     Strategic positioning
     of global operations
                                         This risk has
                                          increased as a
                                                                      •   Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks,
                                                                          including consideration of potential
                                             result of ongoing            political uncertainty in certain markets       Customer
     Changes to global economic                                           and geographies, are actively factored         and brand
                                             uncertainty in the
     and political conditions can                                         into our strategic planning processes
                                             wider geopolitical
     impact the group, including                                          and investment activity.
                                             environment,
     whether we continue to
                                             particularly in the      •   We undertake ongoing horizon
     operate in each of our                                                                                              Social and
                                             US and China.                scanning to monitor potential policy,         environment
     geographical areas.
                                                                          legal and regulatory developments
                                                                          that may impact our ability to operate
                                                                          in particular jurisdictions.



     Alignment of customers,
     products and services
                                         This risk has trended
                                          upwards due to the
                                                                      •   We monitor relevant market and
                                                                          customer trends and regulatory
     to strategic objectives                 impact of changes            changes to identify potential                  Customer
                                                                          headwinds for our clients which                and brand
                                             in the competitive,
     Currently a few large                                                may impact our future revenue.
                                             economic and
     global technology
                                             regulatory               •   We continually improve our
     companies are the major
                                             environment for our          products and services to meet                    Global
     buyers of AI training data.                                                                                           crowd
                                             larger customers.            evolving customer needs.
     The revenue from these
                                                                      •   We identify and pursue new
     clients can be lumpy, and is
                                                                          opportunities in fast-growing sectors
     significantly larger than the
                                                                          and markets to diversify our customer
     revenue from other clients.                                                                                         Technology,
                                                                          and revenue base.
     Clients can also reprioritise                                                                                        processes,
     their AI projects and training                                   •   We continue to focus on increasing               systems
     data spend.                                                          committed revenue and bundled
                                                                          services to reduce our reliance on
                                                                          project-based work. The acquisition
                                                                          of Figure Eight has increased our               Financial
                                                                          annual contract value which was
                                                                          US$124 million as at 1 February 2021,
                                                                          up from $0 at the end of 2018.



     Market competition
     changes
                                        =    This risk has
                                             remained stable
                                                                      •   We monitor new investments in
                                                                          the data annotation sector closely.
                                             over the past year       •   We have invested in new sales and              Customer
     In some parts of                                                                                                    and brand
                                             as there has been            marketing capabilities to deepen and
     our business there is
                                             no material change           expand our relationships with existing
     competition from niche
                                             in the competitive           and new customers.
     and low-cost providers.
                                             environment.             •   We continue to invest in technology
     Customers may also choose                                                                                           Technology,
                                                                          to increase the quality of our services         processes,
     to do some data annotation
                                                                          and to deploy new capabilities.                  systems
     tasks in-house and/or use
     their scale to seek better                                       •   Our core Relevance activities are less
     terms on pricing.                                                    amenable to replication by machines
                                                                          or insourcing as they require a
                                                                                                                          Financial
                                                                          large-scale diverse crowd performing
                                                                          subjective human judgements.



38
Principal risk                    Change                       Mitigation                                          Value driver

Resilience following
disaster, crisis or events
                                   This risk has
                                    increased in the
                                                               •   We store data in enterprise grade,
                                                                   cloud-based servers which are
impacting business                    past year due to             duplicated to minimise disruption.                Customer
                                                                                                                     and brand
continuity                            the increasing           •   Our engineering team focuses
                                      frequency of cyber           on resilience to mitigate the risks
The loss of data, a physical          attacks, extreme             of material or sustained disruption.
site or critical employees            weather events,
could result in a major                                        •   We have business continuity plans                Technology,
                                      and potential impact         for facilities that require a physical            processes,
impact to our customers,              on key individuals                                                              systems
revenues and reputation.                                           presence on-site.
                                      as a result of
                                                               •   We conduct scenario testing
                                      the coronavirus
                                                                   for our disaster recovery plans.
                                      pandemic.
                                                               •   Our work-from-home model for                      Social and
                                                                                                                    environment
                                                                   data annotators makes our business
                                                                   model extremely flexible and resilient.
                                                               •   We have implemented robust
                                                                   COVID-safe work practices for
                                                                   our employees.



People

Principal risk                    Change                       Mitigation                                          Value driver


Variations in workforce
strategy affecting key
                                   The transition to
                                    a work-from-home
                                                               •   Our HR department works closely with
                                                                   the business to understand the skills
employee capability                   model for our                and capabilities required to deliver               Appen
                                      employees was                our business objectives and to ensure             employees
and capacity
                                      made quickly and             those needs are met.
Our business is reliant on            easily. However,         •   We provide learning and development
specialised skills. Our ability       fatigue related              programs to strengthen our existing
to grow is dependent on               to the ongoing                                                                 Social and
                                                                   capabilities and to retain talent                environment
attracting, developing                work-from-home               through progression pathways.
and motivating our talent.            requirements, as         •   We have implemented a range
                                      well as uncertainty          of initiatives to support employees
                                      in some locations            during the pandemic including
                                      due to social                additional Employee Assistance
                                      unrest, has been             Program services and wellness events;
                                      challenging for our          increased communications and
                                      staff, resulting in an       company town halls; as well as clearly
                                      increase in this risk.       articulating our COVID-safe return
                                                                   to office plans.




   Key:         Increase             Decrease                    = Stable
                                                                                                             Appen 2020 Annual Report   39
     Identifying and managing risk




     Principal risk                 Change                        Mitigation                                    Value driver

     Managing organisation           This risk has               •   We positively reinforce our values,
     culture and leadership             decreased in the              desired behaviours and attributes
     through change                     year due to the               through direct links to reward              Appen
                                        finalisation of the           and recognition.                           employees
     We have undertaken a series
                                        integration of            •   Our integration team is responsible
     of global acquisitions and
                                        Figure Eight.                 for planning, executing, co-ordinating
     expansions which are reliant
                                                                      and controlling activities related
     on key individuals to ensure                                                                                Technology,
                                                                      to acquisitions.                            processes,
     successful integration
                                                                  •   Where change is dependent on talent,         systems
     and change.
                                                                      we implement programs to ensure key
                                                                      employees receive tailored incentives.
                                                                  •   We conduct post-integration
                                                                      assessments to understand what
                                                                      could have been done better to ensure
                                                                      appropriate cultural integration.



     Technology and innovation

     Principal risk                 Change                        Mitigation                                    Value driver


     Investment in
     technology innovation
                                    =   This risk has
                                        remained stable
                                                                  •   We are investing in our transformation
                                                                      program to improve both customer
     and transformation                 in the current year           and crowd experiences, and to deliver      Technology,
                                        as we continued to            automation benefits and efficiencies        processes,
     Technology innovation                                                                                         systems
                                        invest and expand             and new offerings.
     is key to improving our
                                        our engineering and       •   We utilise agile methods in our project
     capabilities, increasing
                                        innovation teams.             delivery to ensure investment in
     efficiency and automation,
                                                                      engineering projects is appropriately      Customer
     keeping pace with customer                                                                                  and brand
                                                                      prioritised and oversight is in place.
     expectations and staying
     ahead of our competition.



     Market disruption
                                    =   This risk has
                                        remained stable
                                                                  •   We have a team that is dedicated
                                                                      to monitoring AI and technology
     The AI market is very
                                        in the current year           markets, customer trends and               Technology,
     dynamic and client needs                                                                                     processes,
                                        but we continue               regulatory changes.
     and end-user expectations                                                                                     systems
                                        to monitor closely        •   We use these insights to inform our
     change rapidly. Changes in
                                        as we anticipate that         strategy and technology roadmap,
     the AI market and regulatory
                                        this risk will increase       and to evolve our offering.
     environment could impact
                                        over subsequent           •   We scan for additional opportunities       Customer
     our business model, our
                                        periods.                                                                 and brand
     required product offering                                        to expand into other markets
     and our strategic decisions                                      and/or technology to support
     across markets.                                                  our existing offering.
                                                                  •   We have partnered with the
                                                                      World Economic Forum to create
                                                                      responsible AI standards to increase
                                                                      the value of, and trust in AI, for
                                                                      businesses and the community.




40
Crowd

Principal risk                  Change                       Mitigation                                          Value driver


Crowd conditions
                                =   This risk remained
                                    stable in the current
                                                             •   Our Crowd Code of Ethics
                                                                 establishes the conditions that we
Independent contractors
                                    year. We are seeing          will adhere to, above the minimum                   Global
are critical to our business.                                                                                        crowd
                                    customers begin              legal requirements.
The attraction and retention
                                    to scrutinise and        •   We continue to conduct risk
of skilled contractors
                                    enforce minimum              assessments on the locations
enables our competitive
                                    standards within             where there may be issues with
advantage and customer                                                                                             Customer
                                    their supply chains,         contractor conditions as well                     and brand
value proposition.
                                    including regarding          as changes in employment trends
                                    minimum wage                 and upcoming legislation.
                                    and wellness.            •   We are developing programs for
                                    This additional              high performing contractors to
                                    visibility has opened        expand their skills.
                                    up conversations
                                                             •   We are members of the Global Impact
                                    with customers to
                                                                 Sourcing Coalition to provide career
                                    meet our minimum
                                                                 development opportunities for people
                                    standards in line
                                                                 who otherwise have limited prospects
                                    with our Crowd
                                                                 for formal employment.
                                    Code of Ethics.



Crowd supply meets
customer demand
                                =   This risk remains
                                    stable. While there is
                                                             •   We have improved our crowd
                                                                 management platform to increase
                                    increasing demand            the efficiency of our contractor                    Global
Our business model                                               recruitment processes and to                        crowd
                                    from customers
relies on our ability to                                         reduce the time taken to fill projects.
                                    for diverse crowd
provide customers with                                           We continue to invest in projects
                                    members, the
access to a broad range                                          that further enhance the contractor
                                    increasing breadth
of skills provided by our                                        experience and subsequent retention.              Customer
                                    of our crowd has                                                               and brand
global crowd.
                                    continued to be          •   We have partnerships with sourcing
                                    to our advantage.            agencies to increase our reach into
                                                                 difficult markets and to stimulate
                                                                 applicant interest.
                                                             •   Flexjobs ranked Appen as the number
                                                                 one remote work provider for 2020.




   Key:        Increase             Decrease                   = Stable
                                                                                                           Appen 2020 Annual Report   41
     Identifying and managing risk




     Data management

     Principal risk                 Change                      Mitigation                                    Value driver

     Compliance with                                            •   We continue to integrate security and
     security, privacy and           This risk continues to
                                      trend higher due to
                                                                    privacy requirements into our systems
     other data regulations                                         and offerings by increasing the            Technology,
                                        increasing regulation       collaboration between our engineering       processes,
     We manage a large                  globally as well as                                                      systems
                                                                    and privacy teams.
     amount of data as part             an increase in the
                                                                •   We have a team that is responsible for
     of our operations including        amount of sensitive
                                                                    understanding emerging information
     a significant amount of            information we are
                                                                    security risks. They consult with          Customer
     personal information               being requested                                                        and brand
                                                                    external advisors.
     which requires increased           to process.
     security requirements.                                     •   Information security risk assessments
                                                                    are conducted on a regular basis
                                                                    and the IT team undergoes training
                                                                    in risk management.
                                                                •   We are ISO 27001 and SOC 2
                                                                    certified as well as HIPAA compliant.
                                                                •   We have policies, procedures
                                                                    and training to ensure employees
                                                                    are aware of their privacy and
                                                                    security obligations.
                                                                •   Privacy and data security are
                                                                    a standing agenda item for our
                                                                    IT Governance Steering Group which
                                                                    reports quarterly to our Audit and Risk
                                                                    Management Committee.



     Emerging cyber                                             •   We have implemented a cyber
     security issues                 As we continue to
                                      grow, we become
                                                                    security risk management framework
                                                                    across the organisation. It includes       Technology,
     We manage sensitive                an increasingly             the deployment of physical and              processes,
     customer information,              large target for                                                         systems
                                                                    technological security measures to
     increasing our exposure            cyber crime.                identify, protect, detect and respond
     and susceptibility to cyber        This, combined              to information and cyber security
     attacks. Cyber threats             with the overall            risks. We have ISO 27001 and
     could lead to a loss of                                                                                   Customer
                                        increase in cyber           SOC 2 certification.                       and brand
     data or service interruption       attacks and growing
                                                                •   We conduct audits of our cyber
     impacting customers and            sophistication
                                                                    security practices, including scenario
     our reputation.                    in these attacks,
                                                                    planning and penetration testing, for
                                        has resulted in an
                                                                    cyber security incident management.
                                        increase in this risk
                                        during the year.        •   The strength of our control
                                                                    environment is tested on an ongoing
                                                                    basis by independent security
                                                                    experts. Their recommendations are
                                                                    implemented in a prioritised manner.
                                                                •   We have policies, procedures and
                                                                    annual training to ensure employees
                                                                    are aware of the threat and their
                                                                    responsibilities, and we conduct
                                                                    regular synthetic phishing tests.




42
Support

Principal risk                 Change                      Mitigation                                         Value driver


Financial sustainability                                   •   We naturally hedge foreign exchange

We operate globally and
                                Economic
                                 uncertainty due
                                                               risk by paying for associated
                                                               services in the same currency                     Financial
our business can be affected       to COVID-19,                we receive revenue.
by foreign exchange,               a strengthening
changes in debt markets                                    •   We have a formal hedging policy
                                   of the Australian
and tax obligations. As a                                      to provide protection where we make
                                   dollar and changes
                                                               payments in Australian dollars with               Appen
listed entity we also have         in the US political                                                          employees
an obligation to protect                                       US funds.
                                   landscape have
shareholders’ capital.             resulted in an          •   We have expanded our specialised
                                   increase in this risk       financial and tax team. We also retain
                                   in the year.                external tax experts who monitor
                                                               developments in international tax
                                                               and assess the impact of changes.
                                                           •   We continue to monitor the
                                                               external landscape and conduct
                                                               scenario planning to ensure we can
                                                               appropriately respond to changes,
                                                               such as tax rates, in a timely manner.



Compliance with legal,                                     •   We maintain appropriate controls,
statutory and ethical           This risk has
                                 increased due
                                                               governance and oversight.
obligations                                                •   We understand the local labour                   Social and
                                   to increasing                                                               environment
                                                               and human rights landscapes in
We are a global business           governance
                                                               the jurisdictions we operate in, and
and have a responsibility          and compliance
                                                               ensure we comply with modern
to deliver against our             expectations from
                                                               slavery requirements.
legal, statutory and ethical       stakeholders as an                                                            Financial
obligations across a number        ASX 100 company.        •   Our compliance framework includes
of jurisdictions.                                              policies, procedures and a suite
                                                               of mandatory compliance training
                                                               which helps drive positive attitudes              Appen
                                                               to compliance across the business.               employees
                                                           •   We have added relevant subject
                                                               matter expertise across the
                                                               business and are increasing
                                                               our training program for all staff
                                                               to extend our compliance and
                                                               reporting capabilities.




  Key:        Increase            Decrease                   = Stable
                                                                                                        Appen 2020 Annual Report   43
Our approach
 to governance
     The Board and                               The Board is responsible for                    •   Established a Diversity
                                                 demonstrating leadership, defining the              and Inclusion Committee
     management team                             Company’s purpose, establishing strategic           comprising Appen employees.
                                                 objectives, approving our values and the
     maintain high standards                     Code of Conduct, and oversight of the           Global crowd
                                                 management of the Company.                      •   Reinforced our Crowd Code of Ethics
     of corporate governance                                                                         and its role in building our reputation
                                                 The Board has established two standing
     as part of our commitment                   Committees which assist with the
                                                                                                     as a company of fairness and integrity
                                                                                                     in how we partner with our crowd.
                                                 execution of its responsibilities – the Audit
     to create value for our                     and Risk Management Committee and the           Social and environment
     stakeholders through                        Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
                                                                                                 •   Continued to focus on material
     effective strategic                         2020 Board and                                      non-financial risks including
                                                                                                     those relating to our crowd
                                                 Committee priorities
     planning, risk management,                                                                      and remote workforce.
                                                 Key areas of governance focus and
                                                                                                 •   Updated our Diversity Policy
     transparency and                            key activities undertaken by the Board,
                                                                                                     and approved a new Environment
                                                 its Committees and management during
     corporate responsibility.                   2020 included:
                                                                                                     Position Statement.
                                                                                                 •   Made further progress on integrated
                                                 Strategic and financial                             reporting and increased disclosure
                                                 performance                                         and transparency on key ESG issues.
     Our governance policies and practices
     have been consistent with the 4th edition   •   The Board and management
                                                                                                 Governance
     of the ASX Corporate Governance                 held a deep dive strategy session
                                                     focused on existing and new market          •   Reviewed and updated relevant
     Council’s Corporate Governance
                                                     growth and internal and contributor             governance policies, Charters
     Principles and Recommendations
                                                     productivity.                                   and practices to reflect the
     (ASX Corporate Governance Principles)
                                                                                                     4th edition of the ASX Corporate
     throughout the year.                        •   Key customer metrics were
                                                                                                     Governance Principles.
                                                     reviewed regularly.
     We regularly review our governance                                                          •   Key internal audit program focus
     practices in light of the Company’s         Appen employees                                     areas included: reviewing and
     growth and emerging corporate                                                                   assessing processes across key
                                                 •   Established a COVID-19 Response
     governance developments.                                                                        operational areas; baselining
                                                     Team to define safety protocols for
                                                                                                     Global Cyber Security practices;
                                                     all offices and established an online
     Governance framework                                                                            and reviewing process and controls
                                                     internal portal to provide continuous
     Our governance framework ensures                                                                around payroll, including a review
                                                     updates on impacts to colleagues,
     accountability, both of the Board                                                               of pay to relevant awards.
                                                     the status of each office, and policies
     and senior management.                          related to the situation.
                                                                                                 Board renewal
     To clarify the roles and
                                                                                                 •   Appointed Vanessa Liu as a
     responsibilities of directors and
                                                                                                     non-executive director based in the US.
     management and to assist the Board
     in discharging its responsibilities,
     the Board operates under a formal
     Charter which sets out the functions
     reserved to the Board and provides for
                                                              Corporate Governance Statement
     the delegation of functions to Board
     Committees and to senior management.                     Our Corporate Governance Statement provides detailed information
                                                              on our corporate governance framework. The Statement and the
                                                              Board and Board Committee Charters are available at:
                                                              appen.com/investors/corporate-governance/



44
Board skills and experience
The Board maintains a Board Skills Matrix that outlines the skills and experience that directors need to collectively possess
for the Board to effectively discharge its duties. It is reviewed annually to ensure the core competencies listed remain relevant
to the Company. The Board also regularly monitors and reviews its performance and the performance of its Committees.




Skill               Description                                                  Skill level                 Board diversity

Strategy            Experience in defining strategic objectives,
                    assessing business plans and driving execution.
                    Ability to think strategically and identify and
                    critically assess opportunities and threats and
                                                                                                                    43%
                                                                                                                  of directors
                    develop effective strategies in the context
                                                                                                                  are female
                    of changing market conditions.

Finance             Understanding the financial drivers of the business,
                    experience in financial accounting and reporting,                                          Male             57%
                    corporate finance and internal financial controls.                                         Female           43%


Risk                Experience in identification and monitoring of
                    material financial and non-financial risks, oversight                                    Director tenure
                    of compliance frameworks and controls, mitigation
                    strategies and compliance issues.

Industry
experience
                    Experience and understanding of language
                    technology, machine learning and artificial intelligence
                                                                                                                 6.5 years
                                                                                                                 average tenure
                    including applications, market drivers and trends.                                              of NEDs

Customer/           Experience developing customer/client strategy
client              and delivering customer/client outcomes.
                                                                                                               0–1 year         14%
                                                                                                               1–3 years         0%
Capital             Expertise in considering and implementing efficient                                        3–5 years         0%
markets             capital management including alternative capital                                           5+ years         86%
                    sources and distribution, yields and markets.

Corporate           Experience in assessing and completing
                                                                                                             International
transactions        complex business transactions, including
                                                                                                             business experience
                    mergers, acquisitions, divestments, major projects
                    and business integration.

People              Board Committee or senior executive equivalent
and culture         experience relating to people management                                                            7
management          and human resources, corporate culture and                                                      directors
                    remuneration issues of a global organisation.

Governance          Knowledge and experience in best practice
                    governance structures, policies and processes.                                             High competency
                                                                                                               and experience           6
                                                                                                               Medium competency
Technology          Experience and expertise in identifying, assessing,
                                                                                                                                        1
                                                                                                               and experience
and innovation      implementing and leveraging digital technologies
                    and other innovations.

Data and            Understanding the use of data and requirements                                           Director independence
security            relating to data security, cyber risk and privacy.


International       Experience in international business, trade and/or
business            investment at a senior executive level and exposure                                             71%
experience          to global markets and a range of different political,                                        of directors are
                                                                                                                  independent
                    regulatory and business environments.

Environment,        Expertise in the areas of environment, social
social and          and governance (ESG), and the ability to advise                                             Independent         5
governance          the Company of required policies, actions and                                               CEO                 1
                    disclosures on these matters.                                                               Chairman            1



   High competency and experience         Medium competency and experience                                     Appen 2020 Annual Report     45
Board of
 Directors
     Chris Vonwiller                     Experience and expertise
     BSc, BE (Hons), MBA, FIE (Aust.),   Chris is the Non-Executive Chairman of Appen having formerly
     FTSE                                served as Appen CEO from 1999–2010. Prior to joining Appen,
                                         Chris served for 20 years in senior executive positions with the
     Non-Executive                       Australian telecommunications carrier Telstra Corporation Limited,
     Chairman                            playing a leading role in the development and deployment of
                                         innovative internet services, multimedia, and pay television. Chris is a
     Appointed: 14 August 2009
                                         former Chairman of the Warren Centre for Advanced Engineering at
     Board Committees: Member            The University of Sydney. He was elected a Fellow of the Australian
     of the Audit and Risk               Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering in 2007.
     Management Committee
                                         Directorships of other listed entities
                                         in the last three years
                                         Nil




                                         Experience and expertise
     Mark Brayan
     MBA, BSurv (Hons)
                                         Mark is responsible for the company’s leadership, strategy
                                         and culture. He has over thirty years’ experience in technology
     Managing Director                   and services. Prior to joining Appen, Mark was CEO of MST
     and Chief Executive                 Global, a provider of technology solutions to the resources
                                         sector. Before that, he was the CEO of Integrated Research
     Officer
                                         Limited (ASX:IRI), an international software company listed
     Appointed: 13 July 2015             on the Australian Securities Exchange. Mark was also COO
     Board Committees: Nil               of the HR outsourcing company Talent2 (ASX:TWO) and CEO
                                         of Concept Systems (ASX:CSI) before its merger with Talent2.

                                         Directorships of other listed entities
                                         in the last three years
                                         Nil




     Steve Hasker                        Experience and expertise
     BCom, MBA, MIA, ACAA                Steve is currently President and CEO of Thomson Reuters, based
                                         in Toronto, Canada. Most recently, Steve was a Senior Advisor to
     Independent                         TPG Capital and CEO of Creative Artists Agency Global, based
     Non-Executive                       in Los Angeles, where he oversaw CAA’s commercial activities.
     Director                            Previously, Steve was Global President and COO of Nielsen, based
                                         in New York, responsible for Nielsen’s commercial and product
     Appointed: 7 April 2015             activities across all of its media and consumer businesses. Prior to
     Board Committees: Member            joining Nielsen in 2009, he was a partner at McKinsey & Company’s
     of the Nomination and               Global Media, Entertainment and Information practice in New York.
     Remuneration Committee              Before joining McKinsey, Steve spent five years in several financial
                                         roles in the U.S., Russia and Australia. Steve is a member of the
                                         Institute of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand.

                                         Directorships of other listed entities
                                         in the last three years
                                         Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. (7 April 2015–4 March 2020).
46
Robin Low                     Experience and expertise
BCom, FCA, GAICD              Robin has extensive finance, risk and business experience from
                              her 28 year career at PricewaterhouseCoopers where she was
Independent                   a partner specialising in assurance and risk. Robin is a past
Non-Executive                 Deputy Chairman of the Auditing and Assurance Standards
Director                      Board and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
                              Australia and New Zealand.
Appointed: 30 October 2014
Board Committees: Chair       Directorships of other listed entities
of the Audit and Risk         in the last three years
Management Committee,         CSG Limited (20 August 2014–19 February 2020), AUB Group Limited
Member of the Nomination      (3 February 2014–present), IPH Limited (23 September 2014–present),
and Remuneration Committee    Marley Spoon AG (29 January 2020–present).




Vanessa Liu                   Experience and expertise
AB Psychology (magna cum      Vanessa has a deep understanding of emerging technology trends
laude with highest honors);   and enterprise uptake of artificial intelligence, especially in the US
JD (cum laude)                market. She is the Vice President of SAP.iO, the early stage venture
                              arm of SAP which invests in start-ups in enterprise technology.
Independent                   Before SAP, Vanessa was the Chief Operating Officer at Trigger
Non-Executive                 Media Group, a digital media incubator. Previously, Vanessa
Director                      was an Associate Partner at McKinsey & Company’s Media
                              and Entertainment Practice, based in Amsterdam, London and
Appointed: 27 March 2020
                              New York. She was responsible for serving clients in a variety of
Board Committees: Nil
                              media and high-tech sectors on issues of digital strategy, emerging
                              market strategy, growth and innovation.

                              Directorships of other listed entities
                              in the last three years
                              Nil




William Pulver                Experience and expertise
BCom (Marketing)              William (Bill) served as Appen CEO from 2010–2013 and
                              was the CEO of the Australian Rugby Union from 2013–2018.
Independent                   Previously, he was the President and CEO of NetRatings, Inc.,
Non-Executive                 a NASDAQ-listed company (NTRT), specialising in Internet media
Director                      and market research. Prior to this, Bill held leadership roles
                              at ACNielsen with eRatings.com, Pacific region and Australia.
Appointed: 19 April 2010
Board Committees: Chair       Directorships of other listed entities
of the Nomination and         in the last three years
Remuneration Committee        Smartpay Holdings Limited (11 December 2018–present).




Deena Shiff                   Experience and expertise
BSc (Econ), BA (Law)          Deena has enjoyed a distinguished business career covering
                              senior roles in corporate positions and the legal profession.
Independent                   She was the founding CEO of Telstra’s corporate venture capital
Non-Executive                 arm, Telstra Ventures, and Group Managing Director, Telstra
Director                      Business. Previously, Deena was a partner in the leading law firm,
                              Mallesons Stephen Jaques. She is currently Chair of the Advisory
Appointed: 15 May 2015        Board for the ARC Centre of Excellence for Automated Decisions
Board Committees: Member      and Society, Chair of the Advisory Board of the Australian
of the Audit and Risk         Centre for China in the World, Chair of the Australian Broadband
Management Committee          Advisory Council, and a Director of Infrastructure Australia.

                              Directorships of other listed entities
                              in the last three years
                              Citadel Group (18 September 2014–31 January 2018),
                              Chair of Marley Spoon AG (5 June 2018–present), Pro Medicus
                              (1 August 2020–present).


                                                                           Appen 2020 Annual Report    47
Executive Team

                                                                                       Jon Kondo
                     Mark Brayan                     Kevin Levine




                       MBA, BSurv (Hons)               BComm, BAcc                      MBA, BA

                       Managing Director &             Chief Financial                  SVP, Sales and
                       Chief Executive Officer         Officer                          Marketing
                       Appointed: July 2015            Appointed: January 2016          Appointed: July 2019


       Experience      Refer to Board of Directors     Kevin is responsible for the     Jon’s responsibilities include
     and expertise     page 46 for Mark’s              finance, IT and corporate        leading the global sales
                       experience and expertise.       functions including legal,       and marketing teams and
                                                       investor relations and           ensuring strong alignment
                                                       corporate development.           to deliver continued
                                                       He is a Chartered                customer value and revenue
                                                       Accountant with more than        performance. He has
                                                       25 years’ experience in          a strong background
                                                       executive operations and         in data, technology,
                                                       financial roles in listed        and customer-focused
                                                       and unlisted companies,          leadership and has over
                                                       with particular exposure         30 years of sales and
                                                       to start-up, high growth         marketing experience with
                                                       companies in the services        global big data companies
                                                       and technology sectors.          and SaaS-based start-ups.
                                                       Prior to joining Appen, Kevin    Before joining Appen,
                                                       was the CEO and CFO              Jon was co-founder
                                                       of Rubicor Group Limited,        and CEO of OpsPanda,
                                                       one of the largest networks      a leading application for
                                                       of specialist recruitment        sales resource management
                                                       businesses in Australasia.       that was acquired by Xactly.
                                                       Before that, Kevin was           Additional leadership roles
                                                       the CFO of Trade Wind            include Chief Revenue
                                                       Communications Limited, an       Officer at Replicon, CEO of
                                                       Australian public technology     Host Analytics, Group Vice
                                                       company previously listed        President at Oracle and SVP
                                                       in Canada and the US.            & GM, Americas at Hyperion.


48
                                   Kerri Reynolds
Wilson Pang                                                        Tom Sharkey
                                                                                                  Roc Tian




  MEng (ElecEng), BEng (ElecEng)     MBA, BA                         BSc (AeroEng)                 PhD (Computer Software),
                                                                                                   MA Computer Applications
  Chief Technology                   SVP, Crowd Sourcing             SVP,
  Officer                            Operations & HR                 Client Services               SVP, China
  Appointed: November 2018           Appointed: March 2017           Appointed: July 2018          Appointed: August 2019


  Wilson is responsible for          Kerri is responsible for        Tom is responsible            Roc is responsible
  products and technology.           attracting and building         for the global client         for business strategy,
  He has over 20 years’              our global crowd of             services and operations       sales, marketing,
  experience in software             professionals and for the       and facilities teams.         delivery, operations,
  engineering and data               Human Resources function.       He has over 30 years’         and government
  science. Prior to joining          She has over 20 years of        experience in: technology     relationships in China.
  Appen, Wilson was Chief            experience in global talent     services, outsourcing and     He has over 20 years
  Data Officer of CTrip in           acquisition and across          capabilities expansion;       of sales, consulting, and
  China, the world’s second          several human resource          sales and account             management experience
  largest online travel              functions. Before joining       management; and               with Fortune 100
  agency, where he led data          Appen, Kerri was the            industrialised, efficient     companies and has a track
  engineers, analysts, data          Senior Director of Staffing     delivery models. Before       record of success in scaling
  product managers, and              Strategy at Microsoft           joining Appen, Tom was        technology organisations.
  scientists to improve user         where she developed and         SVP at Arvato, where he       Most recently, Roc was
  experience and increase            implemented global talent       was responsible for a         senior partner of IBM
  operational efficiency.            acquisition strategies for      major global technology       Global Business Services in
  Before that, he was senior         the 50,000+ person Sales,       client and its worldwide      China. Before that, he led
  director of engineering at         Marketing & Services            service delivery, business    the growth of IBM’s global
  eBay in California and held        Groups. Prior to that,          transformation and            delivery centre in China.
  leadership roles in data           Kerri spent her career with     automation objectives.        Prior to IBM, Roc was a
  services and solutions,            MasterCard Worldwide,           He also was a Managing        business quality director
  search science, marketing          The Gap, and Citibank.          Director at Accenture for     at HP. He was also the
  technology, and billing                                            over nine years supporting    founder and CTO of a
  systems. Previously he                                             a broad portfolio of          technology start-up that
  worked as a systems                                                fortune 500 companies         grew to over 100 people.
  architect at IBM.                                                  in technology services,
                                                                     outsourcing and M&A.


                                                                                                        Appen 2020 Annual Report   49
Directors’
 report
     The directors present their report, together with the financial statements, on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter
     as the ‘Group’) consisting of Appen Limited (referred to hereafter as the ‘Company’ or ‘parent entity’) and the entities it controlled
     at the end of, or during, the year ended 31 December 2020.

     Directors
     The following persons were directors of Appen Limited during the whole of the financial year and up to the date of this report,
     unless otherwise stated. The Directors’ biographies are provided on pages 46-47.
     Christopher Charles Vonwiller – Chairman
     Mark Ronald Brayan – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
     Stephen John Hasker
     Vanessa Liu (appointed 27 March 2020)
     Robin Jane Low
     William Robert Pulver
     Deena Robyn Shiff

     Principal activities
     During the financial year the principal continuing activities of the Group consisted of the provision of quality data solutions
     and services for machine learning and artificial intelligence applications for global technology companies, auto manufacturers
     and government agencies.

     Appen provides the following products and services:
     •   Relevance products and services provide annotated training data that is directly used as an input to improve the
         performance of the world’s leading search engines, social media and e-commerce applications. Relevance training data
         relies heavily on our large-scale global crowd to deliver a workforce that is representative of our customers’ global user
         base with the speed and volume of data to meet our customers’ requirements.
     •   Speech & Image products and services provide training data that is used to build the world’s leading AI-based voice
         interface, translation, text analysis, AR/VR and image perception systems (including LiDAR for autonomous vehicles).
         The combination of our leading data annotation platform, global crowd and deep functional expertise delivers high-quality
         training data at scale across a wide variety of industries and applications.

     Supporting both products and services is a global on-demand crowd workforce providing customers with very flexible in-country
     linguistic and cultural expertise in support of 170+ global markets.

     Appen was founded in 1996 and listed on the Australian Securities Exchange on 7 January 2015.

     Dividends
     Dividends paid during the financial year to the shareholders of Appen Limited were as follows:

                                                                                                                         Group
                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                                   $’000           $’000
     2019 final dividend of 5.0 cents per ordinary share (2019: 2018 final dividend of 4.0 cents)                   6,082            4,264
     2020 interim dividend of 4.5 cents per ordinary share (2019: 2019 interim dividend of 4.0 cents)                5,475           4,839

                                                                                                                    11,557           9,103



     Dividend declared
     On 24 February 2021, the Company declared a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020 of 5.5 cents per share,
     partially franked. The dividend is to be paid out of the profits reserve. The record date for determining entitlements to the
     dividend is 2 March 2021 and the payment date is 19 March 2021. The financial effect of these dividends has not been brought
     to account in the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and will be recognised in subsequent financial periods.


50
Operating and financial review                                          Underlying earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
                                                                        and amortisation (EBITDA) (refer to the next page for the
                                                                        reconciliation of EBITDA to statutory profit) increased by 8%
Summary                                                                 to $108,550,000 (2019: $100,961,000), which translated
2020 was another year of growth. Our financial performance,             to a net margin of 18.1% (2019: 18.8%). Converting H2 FY20
crowd model, major customers and service delivery                       underlying EBITDA at our forecast rate of AUD/USD of 0.70
capabilities remained resilient, despite the impacts of the             and the H1 FY20 actual rate of 0.6576, resulted in annual
COVID-19 pandemic and the strong Australian Dollar (AUD).               growth of 10% and 15% respectively.
Total revenue and other income increased 12% to                         Our reduced margins were attributable to the significant
$599,855,000 (2019: $535,999,000). This comprised                       incremental expenditure and resources deployed into key
Relevance revenue of $538,184,000, up 15% (2019:                        investment areas to drive future growth including:
$467,831,000) and Speech and Image revenue
                                                                        •    a 50% increase in sales and marketing investment in 2020
of $61,193,000, down 10% (2019: $67,683,000).
                                                                             to expand our customer and project base beyond existing
Revenue was impacted by the strong AUD in the second half
                                                                             global technology customers into new industry verticals
of the financial year (H2 FY20) and by changes in our major
                                                                             and regions; and
customers’ activities and priorities as a result of COVID-19
– covered below under ‘Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic’.                •    a 117% increase in China investment to support growth
Converting H2 FY20 revenues at our forecast AUD/USD                          in that market.
rate of 0.70 and the H1 FY20 actual rate of 0.6576, resulted
                                                                        Our incremental investment in technology is normalising
in annual revenue growth of 14% and 17% respectively.
                                                                        and was up 3% in 2020.
We are focused on growing the revenue we earn from our data
                                                                        Underlying EBITDA included a foreign exchange (FX) gain
annotation platform – acquired as part of the Figure Eight
                                                                        of $6,800,000, compared with a loss of $100,000 in the prior
transaction in 2019 – as it enables us to increase annual contract
                                                                        year. The FX gain comprised a realised gain of $4,700,000
value (ACV). Four of our five major customers use the platform
                                                                        on restatement of US dollar (US$) denominated debt drawn
for a variety of projects. Over time, we expect this will translate
                                                                        to fund the Figure Eight earn-out payment (this accounted for
into new and expanded project wins across all data types,
                                                                        most of the H1 FY20 FX gain of $3,600,000), and a $2,100,000
due to the platform’s ability to streamline and automate the
                                                                        unrealised gain on restatement of the hedge book.
data collection and labelling process, whilst delivering scale and
margin expansion. In 2020, we signed an enterprise-wide platform        Excluding the impact of these incremental investments
deal with one of our major customers for US$80,000,000 which            of $12,700,000 and the FX gain, the core underlying EBITDA
increased ACV to US$98,700,000 as at 31 December 2020,                  of $114,500,000 was up 13% on the prior year.
up from US$25,000,000 as at 31 December 2019. Due to the
impact of COVID-19 on our smaller customers, ACV declined               Underlying net profit after tax (NPAT) was $64,379,000 down
from the 30 June 2020 value of US$103,000,000. However,                 1% on the prior year, impacted by increased amortisation,
we continue to gain good traction with larger customers and have        as a result of continued investment in engineering and related
renewed and expanded our major customer 2020 ACV contract,              developments to drive future growth and efficiency and
resulting in ACV of US$124,400,000 as at 1 February 2021.               to enhance competitive positioning.

Cost of sales, composed mainly of payments to our crowd                 The effective tax rate for FY20 was 20.5% mainly due to
contractors, reduced as a percentage of revenue, as a result            the tax effect relating to share based payments and the
of customer and project mix, as well as efficiency benefits.            overseas tax rate differential.

Underlying EBITDA (A$m)
                                                   6.8

                    +13%


                     13.5          114.5



                                                                 -9.9                                                  0.4           108.6
                                                                                   -2.9             -0.3



     101.0




     FY19          Increase         FY20         FX gain       Sales and           China         Engineering        Government    FY20 incl. FX
                     FY20        ex. FX gain                   marketing                                                         gain and growth
                    on FY19      and growth                                                                                        investments
                                 investments
                                                                            Incremental growth investment in 2020

                                                                                                                         Appen 2020 Annual Report   51
     Directors' report
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Financial performance
     The table below summarises the financial performance of the Group for the year.

                                                                                                                                Percentage
                                                                                                                                    change
                                                                                                                                  constant
                                                                                      2020            2019          Change        currency
                                                                                     $’000           $’000               %               %
     Relevance                                                                      538,184         467,831             15%              14%
     Speech & Image                                                                  61,193          67,683            (10%)             (11%)
     Other                                                                              478             485

     Total revenue and other income                                                599,855         535,999              12%              11%

     Underlying net profit after tax (NPAT) 1                                       64,379           64,710              (1%)             1%

     Add/(Less): underlying adjustments (net of tax)
     Amortisation of acquisition related identifiable intangible assets             (11,449)         (10,174)
     Acquisition related share-based payments                                        (3,546)          (6,886)
     Deemed interest on earn out liability   2
                                                                                       (975)          (2,426)
     Transaction costs                                                                  (818)         (5,453)
     Figure Eight earn out adjustment                                                 2,923            1,840

     Statutory NPAT                                                                  50,514            41,611           21%              23%

     Add: tax                                                                        13,016          13,444
     Add: deemed interest on earn out liability 2                                     1,353           3,368
     Add: net interest expense                                                        2,120           3,625

     EBIT 3                                                                         67,003           62,048              8%              9%

     Add: depreciation and amortisation                                             40,908           25,864

     Statutory EBITDA 4                                                              107,911          87,912            23%              23%

     Add/(less): underlying adjustments
     Acquisition related share-based payments                                         3,546            8,156
     Figure Eight earn-out adjustment                                                (4,059)          (2,557)
     Transaction costs                                                                 1,152          7,450

     Underlying EBITDA 1                                                           108,550          100,961              8%              8%

     Statutory diluted earnings per share (cents)                                     40.85           34.60
     Underlying diluted earnings per share (cents)                                    52.06           53.80

     % Statutory EBITDA/Sales                                                         18.0%           16.4%
     % Underlying EBITDA/Sales                                                        18.1%           18.8%
     % Segment Profit/Sales:
       Relevance                                                                     20.9%            22.3%
       Speech & Image                                                                20.3%            31.6%

     1 Underlying results are a non-IFRS measure used by management to assess the performance of the business and have been calculated
       from statutory measures. Non-IFRS measures have not been subject to audit.
     2 Liability was settled during the year.
     3 EBIT is defined as earnings before interest and tax.
     4 EBITDA is EBIT before depreciation and amortisation.




52
Directors' report
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Total revenue was up 12% to $599,855,000 relative to the prior year. The Relevance division was the key driver, delivering revenue
of $538,184,000, up 15% on 2019, as Relevance benefited from increased demand for data annotation in existing and new projects.
Our customers use annotated data to train, update and refresh their AI models, to ensure that their models remain relevant and
free from bias. Normal historical revenue growth patterns were impacted by our major customers’ response to COVID-19 and the
changes to their activities and priorities (as covered on the next page).

Speech & Image (S&I) revenue of $61,193,000 was down 10% on the prior year. This was due to projects undertaken in FY19 not
yet returning to the investment phase of their life cycles, and due to project cancellations and project delays, primarily related
to COVID-19. The pandemic also impacted our ability to win new customers and grow our project pipeline. This was partly offset
by growth in our China business and continued growth in a large transcription project that started in 2019 and continued to ramp
up in 2020. S&I projects are heavily dependent on customer timing, investment and product life cycles and, unlike Relevance
projects, do not require as much ongoing data refresh.

The Relevance division reported EBITDA of $112,662,000, up 8% (2019: $104,195,000). This was driven by higher
revenue, partly offset by the incremental investment in sales and marketing and China, and the impact of the strong AUD.
Operating margins reduced from 22.3% to 20.9%.

EBITDA in the S&I division decreased by 42% to $12,445,000 (2019: $21,421,000). This was driven by lower revenue, the impact
of incremental investment in sales and marketing and China, and no significant reduction in the core delivery structure. We continue
to support the underlying operating structure, with appropriate adjustments, as the revenue impact has arisen from cyclical timing
issues, COVID-19 related impacts and the strong AUD, rather than structural issues. Operating margins reduced from 31.6% to 20.3%.

Operating expenses (excluding services purchased, share-based payment expense, depreciation and amortisation, finance
costs, transaction costs, deemed interest, Figure Eight purchase price adjustment and foreign exchange) comprised 22.6%
of revenue compared with 20.9% for the previous year, because of the incremental investment in sales and marketing and China.
Other expenses were 13.7% lower than 2019 and expenses were tightly managed and controlled, particularly in the second half
of the year. Employee expenses increased 6.9% half-on-half compared with 37.9% growth for the full year. Management remains
committed to prudent management of the cost-base and the prioritisation of investments that drive future growth and efficiency.

The balance sheet continues to grow with net assets increasing by $4,090,000 to $485,872,000. This was despite the fact
that the balance sheet was converted at strong AUD rates at 31 December 2020. During the year, the Group fully repaid the
Facility C debt (US$24 million) relating to the Figure Eight earn-out payment, as disclosed in note 16. The Group was debt-free
at 31 December 2020 and at the date of this report.

Cash on hand at the end of the year increased by $3,163,000 to $78,437,000. The cash balance was impacted by the year end
conversion of cash held in USD at strong AUD levels, full repayment of debt, substantial investments in sales and marketing and
China, and increased dividend and tax payments.

The decrease in trade receivables of $51,670,000 should be viewed in conjunction with the increase in contract assets
of $32,994,000 as the relevant invoices in respect of completed work are pending satisfaction of the customer’s billing
milestones or billing period. The majority of contract assets were subsequently invoiced on 1 January 2021 and as at 16 February
2021, 80% of these invoices had been paid. Receivables also reduced due to delays experienced with customer receipts around
the end of 2019 and subsequently received in early 2020.

Contract liabilities decreased $12,447,000 as a result of the reduction in unearned revenue due to lower contract values and the
reduction in customer deposits, due to more work being done by Appen (no deposit required) as opposed to Figure Eight legacy
third party providers.




                                                                                                            Appen 2020 Annual Report   53
     Directors' report
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
     In April 2020, we advised the market via an ASX announcement that COVID-19 may impact our earnings via a slowdown in digital
     advertising spending, a reduction in IT/digital spending, a reduction or cancellation of services from our smallest customers,
     interruptions to global hardware supply chains and the suspension of face-to-face projects such as audio data collection.

     Subsequently, we experienced additional impacts, as COVID-19 disrupted and reshaped the priorities and activities of our
     customers, especially in California, the home of our biggest customers, where pandemic lockdowns had intensified.

     The impact of our customers’ re-allocation of resources in the second half of the year was exacerbated by the decline in both
     face-to-face sales and the level of customer engagement which impacted our work volumes and overall revenue for the fourth
     quarter of 2020 – a quarter where we typically see a surge in customer demand. This particularly impacted revenue that we
     expected to generate from our larger Relevance projects.

     The pandemic did not, however, have a material impact on our operations. The resilience of our secure work-from-home delivery
     model meant that we continued to deliver high quality outcomes for customers without interruption. We were also able to move
     quickly to a remote working model for our staff as a result of consistent investment in our IT systems.

     The Group did not access any COVID-related Government grants during the year or to the date of signing this report.

     Outlook
     Our financial and operational performance in 2020 has laid a strong foundation for continued growth. Our investments in sales
     and marketing, technology and new markets have strengthened our competitive position and resulted in new customer wins.
     They have also positioned us well to take advantage of the growing demand for high-quality training data as organisations
     globally increase their adoption of AI and as the use cases for AI expand. Our priority in 2021 will be to ensure that the
     investments we have made continue to yield growth in our customer base, revenues and returns.

     Uncertainties remain regarding the duration of the health crisis and the ongoing impact on economic and business activity.
     While online advertising – a key source of income for our major customers – has bounced back, and the shift to e-commerce has
     accelerated during the pandemic, our customers have called out the uncertainties that persist regarding the economic rebound.
     The evolving regulatory and product landscape will also likely see our customers reallocate resources into new product areas as
     they seek to diversify their revenue base.

     In 2020, we saw a 34% increase in the number of new projects won with our major customers. While most of these projects are
     small and will take time to generate a significant revenue stream, this endorses our belief that we are well-positioned to support
     and benefit from our customers’ reprioritisation and investment in new projects.

     In 2021, our focus will remain firmly on our customers and continuing to leverage our leading position in Relevance to support
     their high-volume programs. We will also support our major customers and our enterprise and commercial customers with their
     new AI-programs, and we look forward to these products growing and complementing our major programs.

     The Group has a strong balance sheet with cash, receivables and contract assets of $185.0 million and no debt as at
     31 December 2020. The business has minimal ongoing capital requirements and is therefore well-positioned to weather
     the continuing economic impact of the pandemic and to take advantage of future opportunities and industry growth trends.




     X Further information and analysis on the strategic and financial performance of the Company is available on pages 18–35.
       How we identify and manage risk is detailed on pages 36–43.




54
Directors' report
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Significant changes in the state of affairs
As mentioned in the Operating and Financial Review, during 2020, the Group made the earn-out payment with respect to the
Figure Eight Technologies, Inc. (Figure Eight) of $39 million. The total acquisition cost was $286.5 million. The full integration
of the business is now complete.

Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing, and there remains uncertainty regarding exactly when the global economy
will recover.

Apart from the dividend declared as discussed above, no other matter or circumstance has arisen since 31 December 2020 that
has significantly affected, or may significantly affect the Group’s operations, the results of those operations, or the Group’s state
of affairs in future financial years.

Likely developments and expected results of operations
The Group will continue to pursue its strategy to grow the business across a wider customer base.

Environmental regulation
The Group is not subject to any significant environmental regulation under Australian Commonwealth or State Law. The Board
believes that the Group has adequate systems in place for the management of its environmental requirements and is not aware
of any breach of those environmental requirements as they may apply to the Group during the period covered by this report.

Our voluntary environmental reporting in line with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures is provided on page 34.

Company secretary
Carl Middlehurst was appointed as Company Secretary on 8 February 2019. Carl was admitted to practice as a solicitor in NSW
in 1988. He is also a member of the California bar. He was an adjunct professor at Santa Clara University Law School where he
taught internet, e-commerce and privacy law in the late nineties. He has worked in Australia and the United States and has held
the position of General Counsel for various companies and was Company Secretary for an unlisted public company and private
companies in Australia.

Meetings of directors
The number of meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors (the Board) and of each Board Committee held during the year
ended 31 December 2020, and the number of meetings attended by each director were:
                                                                                   Audit and Risk              Nomination and
                           Scheduled Board                 Special Board           Management                   Remuneration
                              meetings                       meeting 2              Committee                    Committee
                         Eligible                       Eligible                Eligible                     Eligible
                        to attend       Attended       to attend   Attended    to attend     Attended       to attend     Attended
Chris Vonwiller              12             12             1           1            4             4              –             –
Mark Brayan                  12             12             1           1            –             –              –             –
Steve Hasker                 12              11            1           –            –             –             2              2
Vanessa Liu   1
                             10             10             1           1            –             –              –             –
Robin Low                    12             12             1           1            4             4             2              2
Bill Pulver                  12             12             1           1            –             –             2              2
Deena Shiff                  12             12             1           1            4             4              –             –

1 Appointed 27 March 2020.
2 Out of cycle Board meeting called at short notice.




                                                                                                             Appen 2020 Annual Report   55
     Directors' report
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Shares under performance rights
     Unissued ordinary shares of Appen Limited under performance rights at the date of this report are as follows:

                                                                                                                             Number
     Plan                                                                                                                    of rights
     2018                                                                                                                        128,881
     2018 Special                                                                                                             257,034
     2019                                                                                                                     892,927
     2020                                                                                                                   1,040,894

                                                                                                                            2,319,736


     The performance rights relate to the grant of rights under the Group’s Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Plan and vesting is dependent
     on the fulfilment of the performance conditions and service-based conditions specific to each grant.

     Shares issued on the exercise of performance rights
     556,382 ordinary shares of the Company were issued on the exercise of performance rights during the year ended 31 December
     2020 and up to the date of this report.

     Shares issued as a result of prior period acquisitions
     681,468 ordinary shares of the Company were issued as contingent consideration for the acquisition of Leapforce, Inc. (Leapforce)
     and RaterLabs, Inc. (RaterLabs). This issue represented the third and final tranche of shares to be issued for these prior
     period acquisitions.

     Indemnity and insurance of officers
     The Company has indemnified the current and former directors and executives of the Company and its controlled entities for
     costs incurred, in their capacity as a director or executive, for which they may be held personally liable, except where there
     is a lack of good faith.

     During the financial year, the Company paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the current and former directors and
     executives of the Company and its controlled entities against a liability to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001.
     The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of liability covered and the amount of the premium.

     Executives include all the key management personnel as defined in the remuneration report as well as their direct reports.

     Indemnity and insurance of auditor
     The Company has not, during or since the end of the financial year, indemnified or agreed to indemnify the auditor of the
     Company or any related entity against a liability incurred by the auditor.

     During the financial year, the Company has not paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the auditor of the Company
     or any related entity.


     Proceedings on behalf of the Company
     No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings on behalf
     of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility
     on behalf of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.




56
Directors' report
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Auditor independence and non-audit services
The directors received an independence declaration from KPMG as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001.
It is set out immediately after the Directors’ report.

During the year, KPMG, the Group’s auditor, has performed certain other services in addition to the audit and review of the
financial statements. These relate to transfer pricing and other advisory services. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the
auditor for non-audit services provided during the financial year by the auditor are outlined in note 27 to the financial statements.

The directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services during the financial year, by the auditor (or by another
person or firm on the auditor’s behalf), is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the
Corporations Act 2001.

Rounding of amounts
The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191
(Rounding Instrument), issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to ‘rounding-off’. Amounts in this
report have been rounded off in accordance with that Corporations Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases,
the nearest dollar.




                                                                                                            Appen 2020 Annual Report    57
Remuneration
 report
     Dear Shareholder                   2020 business outcomes                     In relation to STI, executives achieved
                                                                                   86% of the revenue target, 83% of the
                                        2020 will be remembered as a uniquely
     On behalf of Appen’s               challenging year for many companies.
                                                                                   underlying EBITDA target and 79% of the
                                                                                   gross margin target. When adjusted for
     Nomination and                     In Appen’s case, our executive team
                                                                                   the sliding scale that applies to these
                                        continued to drive performance for
     Remuneration Committee,            shareholders with revenue up 11.9%
                                                                                   targets, the STI payment for executives
                                                                                   will be between 68% and 71% of target
     I am pleased to present            and underlying EBITDA up 7.5%
                                                                                   – approximately $542,000 lower in total
                                        compared to 2019. The team also
     our audited Remuneration           made progress on our long-term
                                                                                   than if the targets had been reached.

     Report for the year ended          strategy, including expanding into         With respect to LTI, the 20% UBEPS
                                        new markets and delivering technology      growth hurdle was not achieved in 2020.
     31 December 2020.                  improvements to maintain and grow          Executives are now incentivised to work
                                        our competitive advantage.                 harder and must achieve cumulative
     Over the past year,                                                           UBEPS growth of 44% over two years
                               Although our resilient work-from-home
     we have listened to and   model ensured that we continued
                                                                                   or 73% over three years. This is because
                                                                                   rights for which the performance
     valued shareholders’      to deliver high quality outcomes for
                                                                                   conditions are not met can be carried
                               customers, we were not entirely immune
     feedback on our           from the impact of the COVID-19
                                                                                   over for a maximum of two years.
                                                                                   They will only vest, however, if the
     remuneration framework    pandemic. We did not see the surge
                                                                                   equivalent compound annual growth
                               in work volumes normally experienced
     and disclosures. In this  at the end of our financial year, and late
                                                                                   rate is achieved and the executive meets
                                                                                   the continuous employment condition.
     report, we have provided  changes in customer priorities resulted
                               in a reduction to our full year underlying
     additional transparency   EBITDA expectations. However, we won                Looking ahead
     and sought to demonstrate many new customers and projects and                 We are delighted with the excellent
                               laid the foundations for further growth.            returns that we have delivered for
     how our remuneration
                                                                                   shareholders over the last six years.
     framework and outcomes    2020 remuneration outcomes                          Since listing in January 2015, we have
     align with shareholders’                                                      delivered share price growth of 4,838%
                               At Appen, executive compensation
                                                                                   for our shareholders, compared to
                               is heavily weighted towards
     long-term interests.                                                          a 21% increase in the ASX100. We also
                                        performance and equity based pay.
                                                                                   believe that the progress made by the
                                        In 2019, the Board set challenging         executive team on our strategic growth
                                        short-term incentive (STI) targets         priorities this year supports long-term
                                        for executives, with 2020 revenue,         sustainable performance. We will keep
                                        underlying EBITDA and gross margin         our remuneration approach under review
                                        targets set approximately 30% higher       to ensure that it continues to deliver
                                        than the 2019 actuals. Stretch targets     value for shareholders as the Company
                                        were also applied to the equity-based      grows and evolves over time.
                                        long-term incentive (LTI) plan, with the
                                                                                   I look forward to receiving your feedback.
                                        hurdle set at 20% growth in underlying
                                        basic earnings per share (UBEPS) each      Yours sincerely
                                        year for three consecutive years.

                                        The Board decided to maintain these
                                        targets, despite the impact of the
                                        pandemic on business development
                                        which impacted growth.
                                                                                   William Pulver
                                                                                   Chair of the Nomination and
                                                                                   Remuneration Committee

58
Our remuneration principles
Our goal is to ensure that the level and composition of remuneration aligns with the
interests of shareholders and allows us to attract and retain high performing talent.
The key objectives that underpin Appen’s remuneration framework are as follows:




Heavy                      Drive long-term             Fair and                  Reinforce                   Simple
weighting to               sustainable                 competitive               responsible                 and clear
performance-               outperformance              to attract and            business
based pay                                              retain top                practice
                                                       talent
Ensure employees           Incentivise the             Independently             Board discretion            Transparency on
think and act              creation of                 benchmarked               on malus and award          metrics, targets,
like long-term             shareholder                 annually against          subject to continuing       assessment and
owners through             value by setting            industry and              employment.                 outcomes.
performance-based          challenging targets.        peers to ensure
pay and equity                                         that remuneration
awards.                                                is competitively
                                                       positioned in each
                                                       of the global markets
                                                       that Appen operates.




Remuneration governance                                              Who is covered by this Report?
The role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee                Key Management Personnel (KMP) are defined as persons
is to provide advice, recommendations and assistance to the          having authority and responsibility for planning, directing
Board in relation to compensation arrangements for Directors         and controlling the activities of the Company and the Group.
and executives. The members of the Nomination and                    KMP comprise the Directors of the Company and executives
Remuneration Committee during the reporting period were:             of the Company and the Group.

William Pulver, Committee Chair
                                                                     Non-Executive KMP:
Robin Low
Stephen Hasker                                                       Chris Vonwiller   Non-Executive Chairman
                                                                     Stephen Hasker    Independent Non-Executive Director
  The number of Committee meetings and attendance                    Vanessa Liu 1     Independent Non-Executive Director
  by members during the reporting period is set out in the           Robin Low         Independent Non-Executive Director
  ‘Meetings of directors’ section of the Directors’ report.          William Pulver    Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                     Deena Shiff       Independent Non-Executive Director
Board oversight of remuneration
The Board ensures variable rewards are only paid when                Executive KMP:
a senior executive has met or exceeded their agreed                  Mark Brayan       Managing Director and
individual work plan objectives, financial targets have been                           Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
achieved, and value has been created for shareholders.               Kevin Levine      Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
The Board reviews the financial targets on an annual basis           Jon Kondo 2       Senior Vice-President, Sales and Marketing
to ensure they are sufficiently challenging. The Board               Tom Sharkey 2     Senior Vice-President, Client Services
may also forfeit any entitlement to any shares on vesting
of performance rights, if in the opinion of the Board,               1 Vanessa Liu was appointed 27 March 2020.
the employee acts fraudulently or dishonestly, or is in              2 US-based executive KMP.
breach of their obligations to the Company (‘malus’).


           Corporate Governance Statement
           Further information about the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is set out in the Corporate Governance Statement.
           The Statement is available at: appen.com/investors/corporate-governance/


                                                                                                          Appen 2020 Annual Report   59
2020
       Remuneration overview
       How reward is linked to performance
       Incentives are linked to our key financial metrics to maintain alignment
       with pay-for-performance and shareholder value creation.


       Short-term incentive measures                                                                                     Long-term incentive measures                                                                       Shareholder returns

     Revenue                                                    Underlying                                              Underlying                                           Underlying                                     Share price                                  Dividends
     (A$’000)                                                   EBITDA 1 (A$’000)                                       NPAT 1 (A$’000)                                      basic EPS 1                                    at 31 Dec (A$)                               declared
                                                                                                                                                                             (A¢ per share)                                                                              (A¢ per share)


                                                      599,855                                                 108,550                                      64,710   64,379                                  54.87                                                24.69
                                                                                                    100,961
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              10.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    52.93
                                            535,999
                         R                                                         R                                                      R                                                                                                R                                             R
                     AG                                                         AG                                                     AG                                                                                                 AG                                         AG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         22.46
                                                                                                                                                                                            R
                  C                                                         C                                                      C                                                       AG                                        C                                               C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       9.0
              %                                                          %                                                      %                                                     C                                            %                                            %
                                                                                                                                                                                                    46.11
                                                                                                                                                  49,028
            49                                                         51                                                      51                                                   %                                          72                                               19
                                                                                                                                                                                44
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                8.0

                                                                                           71,253
                                  364,289
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         6.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 12.83                           5.0

                                                                                                                                                                                            20.12
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         4.2

                        166,571                                                                                                          19,749                                                                                           8.31
                                                                                  28,118
              111,003                                                                                                           10,620                                              10.95
     82,716                                                     14,034   17,315
                                                                                                                        8,308                                                8.67
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2.84
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            1.65



     2015     2016      2017      2018      2019      2020      2015     2016     2017     2018     2019      2020      2015    2016     2017     2018     2019     2020     2015   2016    2017    2018    2019    2020    2015   2016   2017   2018    2019    2020    2015    2016    2017   2018   2019   2020



       Short-term incentive payments are                                                                                 Long-term incentive awards are linked                                                              Value has been created for
       linked to revenue and underlying EBITDA                                                                           to underlying basic earnings per share                                                             shareholders through share price
       for our Australian executives, and to                                                                             (UBEPS) growth.                                                                                    appreciation and dividends.
       revenue, underlying EBITDA and gross
       margin for our US-based executives.



       How is Appen’s remuneration structure benchmarked?
       Appen is a global business in a highly competitive sector. Our remuneration has to be structured
       in a way that helps us to attract and retain high performing and experienced global executives with
       technology expertise. Compensation practices in US technology and Australian public company
       markets vary substantially and need to be benchmarked against different reference and data points.
       The following sources were relied upon for the review of executive pay in 2020.

       US technology market data 2                                                                                                                                             Australian data 3
       Derived from a leading external specialist technology and                                                                                                               Derived from an independent global executive compensation
       life sciences compensation firm based in San Francisco                                                                                                                  consultant using remuneration data for ASX listed companies
       using a peer group of ~60 public technology companies                                                                                                                   with market capitalisation of between 50% and 200% of
       with median revenue of US$400 million and median market                                                                                                                 Appen’s market capitalisation.
       capitalisation of US$3 billion.


       1 Underlying NPAT, EBITDA and EPS excludes the impact of items relating to business acquisitions, including amortisation of acquired assets,
         share-based payments, transaction costs and fair-value adjustments. Underlying NPAT and EPS also exclude deemed interest on acquisition
         related earn-out payments.
       2 Market data was compiled in October 2020.
       3 Market data was compiled in November 2020.



60
Our remuneration framework
In 2020, executive remuneration comprised a mix of fixed and variable at-risk
remuneration components through the STI and LTI plans.


   Total fixed                                       Short-term incentive                        Long-term incentive
   remuneration                                      (STI)                                       (LTI)
Objective:                                      Objective:                                    Objective:
Provide market competitive base                 Deliver value creation for                    Incentivise the achievement of
salary and benefits commensurate                shareholders through the achievement          long-term sustainable growth in
with skills to attract high calibre talent.     of specific performance-related key           earnings and shareholder value and
                                                financial metrics.                            support the attraction and retention
Structure:
                                                                                              of high performing executives.
Cash salary, superannuation and                 Structure:
additional benefits. Additional benefits        Performance is measured over                  Structure:
are in the form of 401(k) retirement            a 12 month period and awards are              Equity-based compensation
plan and insurance benefits provided            made on an annual basis in cash.              through the granting and vesting
to US-based executives.                                                                       of performance rights.
                                                Approach:
Approach:                                       CEO and CFO – performance against             Approach:
Fixed remuneration reflects:                    challenging revenue and underlying            Australia-based executives:
• the scope of the executive’s role;            EBITDA targets.                               Performance rights have a dual vesting
                                                                                              requirement of (i) hurdle rate of 20%
• the executive’s skills, experience            Sales and client service executives
                                                                                              underlying basic EPS (UBEPS) growth
  and qualifications; and                       – performance against challenging
                                                                                              each year for three consecutive
                                                revenue, underlying EBITDA and
• individual performance.                                                                     years which is tested annually;
                                                gross margin targets.
Reference is made to industry                                                                 and (ii) continuous employment
                                                In 2020, the revenue, underlying EBITDA       for the three-year vesting period.
benchmarks to ensure that
                                                and gross margin targets were set
base pay is aligned with market                                                               US-based executives:
                                                approximately 30% above 2019 actuals.
remuneration levels.                                                                          Performance rights have a hurdle
                                                Target opportunity of 0% to 150%              rate of 20% UBEPS over three years,
                                                of a fixed percentage of fixed                however the rights may vest annually,
                                                remuneration (excluding retirement            in line with industry practice in the US.
                                                and insurance benefits for US-based
                                                                                              For both Australian and US executives,
                                                executives). No payment is made if the
                                                                                              no payment is made if the performance
                                                combined result of all the performance
                                                                                              outcome is less than 90% of the target.
                                                measures is less than 80% of the target.
                                                                                              Malus applies.


Executive KMP remuneration mix
Executive remuneration is heavily weighted towards performance-based pay, including equity-based awards.
The diagram below illustrates the remuneration mix at maximum potential for each executive.

                                       Fixed remuneration         STI                            Equity-based LTI
                                                                                      Variable remuneration
Mark Brayan
CEO                                           21%                 21%                                    58%

Kevin Levine
CFO                                            25%                13%                                  62%

Jon Kondo
SVP Sales and Marketing                          28%                        28%                                 44%

Tom Sharkey
SVP Client Services                                  34%                    17%                                49%



                                                                                                               Appen 2020 Annual Report   61
     Executive KMP remuneration overview



     Statutory remuneration for executive KMP
     The table below details the statutory accounting expense of all remuneration-related items for the executive KMP.

                                                               Fixed                                                  Variable
                                        Cash          Super-               Leave      Termination
                                       salary      annuation 1      entitlements        payments                      STI           LTI 2, 3         Total
                                            $               $                  $                $                      $                 $              $

     Mark Brayan      2020           728,652            21,348           80,279                  –          531,760              1,751,721       3,113,760
                       2019          479,233            20,767            37,229                 –          709,613             1,584,277         2,831,119

     Kevin Levine     2020           478,652            21,348           36,836                  –          177,253            1,001,488         1,715,577
                       2019          379,233            20,767            20,436                 –          283,845               917,710         1,621,991

     Jon Kondo 4      2020           557,656           37,660            20,910                  –         349,507               1,372,161      2,337,894
                       2019          218,770             6,739             17,276                –         339,500               750,708         1,332,993

     Tom Sharkey      2020           615,594           37,660              5,771                 –          192,910              988,215        1,840,150
                       2019         584,080             35,943             21,170                –          378,964              773,092         1,793,249

     1 Includes discretionary company contributions to an approved 401(k) retirement plan and insurance contributions in the US.
     2 The values for equity-settled remuneration were measured at grant date in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payments and represent
       the current year amortisation of the fair value of the rights over the vesting period.
     3 Refer to page 66 for the differences in LTI approach for Australia and US based executives.
     4 Cash salary and superannuation increased in 2020 relative to 2019 because Jon Kondo commenced employment on 22 July 2019.


     Remuneration received by executive KMP
     The table below details the actual remuneration that was received by current executive KMPs during the 2020 and 2019 years.
     This differs to the statutory remuneration table above which is prepared in accordance with accounting standards.
     The STI amount is the payment made in recognition of performance for that year. The LTI value at vesting date is the value
     of shares issued during the year as a result of the vesting of performance rights issued in prior years. The high value of the LTI
     at vesting date is attributable to the strong growth in Appen’s share price between when the rights were granted (up to three
     years prior) and the vesting date. The growth in Appen’s share price is shown on page 60.

                                                                                                     LTI value
                                                                                                     at vesting                                LTI value at
                                                          Fixed                      STI              date 1, 2                                 grant date
                                                     Cash            Super-                                                     Total
                                                    salary        annuation                                                     value
                                                         $                $                  $                    $                 $                    $

     Mark Brayan                   2020           728,652              21,348        531,760         2,779,522              4,061,282              784,132
                                    2019          479,233              20,767        709,613           3,581,188            4,790,801             542,204

     Kevin Levine                  2020           478,652              21,348        177,253          1,736,217             2,413,470              355,717
                                    2019          379,233              20,767        283,845          2,364,451             3,048,296              361,467

     Jon Kondo 3                   2020           557,656            37,660         349,507            381,000              1,325,823             446,993
                                    2019           218,770              6,739       339,500                       –          565,009                     –

     Tom Sharkey                   2020           615,594            37,660          192,910          762,000               1,608,164             633,202
                                    2019         584,080             35,943          378,964                      –          998,987                     –

     1 Value of LTI at vesting date is based on the market price of shares at the date that the LTIs vest. For Mark Brayan and Kevin Levine, the value of
       LTI was lower in 2020 relative to 2019 because more rights vested in 2019. For Jon Kondo and Tom Sharkey, no performance rights vested in 2019.
     2 Refer to page 66 for the differences in LTI approach for Australia and US based executives.
     3 Cash salary and superannuation increased in 2020 relative to 2019 because Jon Kondo commenced employment on 22 July 2019.



62
CEO remuneration overview



Approach to CEO remuneration
In determining the remuneration to be granted to Mr Brayan, the Board considered the following:
•   The Company’s remuneration strategy.
•   The Company’s performance, which has delivered share price growth of 4,838% since listing in 2015 to 31 December 2020.
•   The role and contribution of Mr Brayan in achieving the Company’s objectives.
•   The current market rate for CEOs in the IT sector with the experience and responsibilities of Mr Brayan.

Importantly, the CEO’s compensation is heavily weighted towards performance-based pay and equity-based compensation
to ensure that the CEO thinks and acts like a long-term owner of the Company. In 2020, the CEO’s target variable STI
remuneration represented 21% of his total remuneration and his target LTI represented 58%, resulting in 79% of the CEO’s total
target remuneration being at risk.


Why did the CEO’s remuneration increase in 2020?
An independent market review of ASX listed companies with market capitalisation of between 50% and 200% of Appen’s market
capitalisation undertaken in 2019 identified the following:
•   The CEO’s fixed remuneration was well below market (7th percentile).
•   The fixed remuneration plus STI was also well below market (18th percentile).
•   Total remuneration (fixed remuneration, STI and LTI) was at the 82nd percentile, due to the high growth in Appen’s share
    price. LTI represented 74% of total remuneration.

This review was supplemented by an independent analysis of the pay positioning for high growth specialist US technology
firms. Taking these reviews into consideration, in 2019 the Board reassessed Mr Brayan’s pay. The Board also took into account
the growth in complexity of the business as a result of the acquisition of Figure Eight and the expansion into China and the
Government sector. For these reasons, and as detailed in the Notice of Meeting for the 2019 financial year, the CEO’s pay was
revised for the 2020 year, as follows:
•   Fixed remuneration increased to $750,000 from $500,000. This places total fixed remuneration in the 14th percentile
    of the peer group and remains well under market according to an updated Australian market review done in November 2020.
•   The potential STI increased to $750,000 (100% of fixed remuneration). Fixed remuneration plus STI received as cash
    in 2020 is in the 37th percentile. The actual STI payout for 2020, which will be received in the 2021 year, is $531,760.
•   An LTI grant of 78,125 performance rights was made in 2020 and will vest in 2023, subject to the achievement of annual
    performance targets for 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the CEO remaining employed. The value of the LTI was $25.60 per
    share (grant date of 19 November 2019) which equates to $2 million. The LTI grant of performance rights made in 2020
    was approved by shareholders at the 2019 AGM.

When assessed against an updated independent analysis of high growth US specialist technology firms completed in October 2020,
Mr Brayan’s fixed remuneration and target total cash remuneration were both at the 50th percentile and the total target
remuneration (including LTI granted) was at the 25th percentile.

A summary of Mr Brayan’s remuneration and how this compares to the Australian market is shown in the table below.

                                                                                    2019 pay                                       2020 pay
                                                                           Benchmarked against                             Benchmarked against
                                                              2019        Australian market data
                                                                                                              2020        Australian market data
Remuneration component                                           $           (percentile position)               $           (percentile position)


Fixed remuneration
- Cash salary plus superannuation                        500,000                             7th          750,000                           14th

Cash remuneration received
– Fixed plus STI (2018 STI received in
  2019 and 2019 STI received in 2020)                     875,000                           18th          1,459,613                        37th

Total remuneration
– Fixed plus STI received and LTI granted 1            3,355,000                          82nd            3,459,613                        69th

Source: Independent global executive compensation consultant (2019 and 2020).

1 LTI has been calculated based on LTIs awarded. In 2020, the CEO’s pay included an LTI award of 78,125 performance rights at a grant date
  value of $25.60 per share, equivalent to an LTI award value of $2,000,000. In 2019, the LTI award was 160,000 performance rights at a grant
  date value of $15.50 per share, equivalent to $2,480,000.



                                                                                                                    Appen 2020 Annual Report         63
     Short-term incentives (STI)



     Approach to STI
     STI are a performance-based incentive delivered in the form of an annual cash bonus payment. Performance is measured over
     a 12-month period. The performance measures for STI and the percentage weighting for each measure are as follows:

                                                                                                               2020          2019
     STI performance measures                                                                              Weighting     Weighting
     Revenue (Mr Brayan, Mr Levine, Mr Kondo, Mr Sharkey)                                                       33%            33%
     Underlying EBITDA (Mr Brayan, Mr Levine)                                                                   67%            67%
     Underlying EBITDA (Mr Kondo, Mr Sharkey)                                                                   33%            33%
     Gross margin (Mr Kondo, Mr Sharkey)                                                                        33%            33%


     Mr Kondo and Mr Sharkey are US-based executives with responsibility for sales and client services, respectively. They have
     an additional gross margin metric which is used as a measure of performance and success for the sales and client services teams.

     The non-deferred STI cash payment ranges from 0% to 150% of a target percentage of the relevant executive’s fixed remuneration
     (excluding retirement and insurance benefits for US-based executives). The actual STI payout percentage is capped at 150%
     for all executives and employees. No payment is made if the performance percentage achieved is less than 80% of the target.

     The STI award is calculated based on the combined result of all the performance measures (‘financial metric’). For example,
     if the Company achieves 70% of the revenue target and 100% of the EBITDA target, the overall score for the purposes of the
     calculation of any award that may be awarded would be 90% of Mr Brayan and Mr Levine’s on-target award.

     Actual awards are calculated on a sliding scale between 0% and 150% – for example:

           % achievement against financial metric target                           Potential payout – % of target payout
                             Below 80%                                                               Nil
                                 80%                                                                64%
                                 90%                                                                81%
                           122.25% or more                                                         150%




64
Performance and 2020 STI outcomes
In 2019, the Board set challenging STI hurdles for the executive team, with 2020 revenue, underlying EBITDA and gross margin
targets set approximately 30% higher than the 2019 actuals. In 2020, revenue was 86% of target, underlying EBITDA was 83%
of target and gross margin was 79% of target.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviewed this performance to determine the recommended STI payments.
The recommendations were reviewed and approved by the Board.

The tables below detail performance against the STI financial targets and the STI payouts for each executive KMP.

                                                  Target               Actual 1 % Actual/Target               % Applied        % Payout 2


Revenue                       2020        $699,891,845         $599,376,860                     86%                73%                73%
                               2019         $443,738,011        $497,635,668                    112%              126%               126%


Underlying EBITDA             2020        $130,037,886         $108,550,224                     83%                70%                70%
                               2019         $84,445,022         $107,310,300                    127%               161%              150%


1 Revenue comprises services revenue only – see note 3 in the financial report. 2019 excludes Figure Eight.
2 Payout capped at 150%.

In 2020, the weighted average STI payout was 71% for the Australia-based executives and 68% for the US-based executives,
compared to 142% for all executives in 2019.

                                                                Fixed                        Performance
                                                             remuner-                           payout %         Total STI   Total STI
Executive                                  Currency             ation 1      STI target 2    (max 150%) 3         payout payout (AUD)
                                                                     $                %                %                $           $


Mark Brayan                   2020               AUD          750,000               100%                71%       531,760         531,760
                               2019              AUD         500,000                100%               142%        709,613        709,613


Kevin Levine                  2020               AUD         500,000                 50%                71%        177,253         177,253
                               2019              AUD         400,000                 50%               142%       283,845         283,845


Jon Kondo 4                   2020               USD          385,000               100%               68%         263,351        349,507
                               2019              USD            167,788             100%               142%        238,131       339,500


Tom Sharkey 5                 2020               USD          425,000                50%               68%        145,356         192,910
                               2019              USD          406,250                50%               142%        265,811        378,964


1 Includes superannuation contributions for Australia-based executives.
2 Percentage of fixed remuneration (excluding retirement and insurance benefits for US-based executives).
3 Performance payout % varies because US-based executives have an additional financial metric of gross margin growth.
4 Jon Kondo commenced 22 July 2019.
5 Tom Sharkey’s STI target increased from 40% to 50% effective 1 June 2019.




                                                                                                                    Appen 2020 Annual Report   65
     Long-term incentives (LTI)



     Approach to LTI
     LTI are a form of equity-based compensation that is awarded via the granting and vesting of performance rights. The LTI
     plan is designed to incentivise and challenge senior management to achieve long-term sustainable growth in earnings
     and shareholder value. It also supports the retention of high performing executives by prescribing performance period
     and continuous employment requirements.

     LTI benchmarking
     Appen is a fast growing global business in an extremely competitive industry, with executives operating primarily in the
     United States and Australia. To ensure that the LTI scheme is relevant and appropriate in the hiring, motivation and retention
     of key staff, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee undertakes regular reviews of the LTI practices in both these markets.
     Key differences are summarised in the table below.
     The most significant differences are that performance hurdles are less commonly used and annual vesting is industry practice
     in the US. Our LTI scheme incorporates performance hurdles, but the performance rights for US-based executives may vest
     annually. This is critical to our ability to recruit and retain executives in the US where the market for talent with technology
     expertise is highly competitive.
     Key differences between Australian and United States LTI practices
                                  Australia 1                                                         United States 2
     •   Performance rights used by 70% of sample companies.                 •   Time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) are used by
         Options used by 18%.                                                    more than 95% of companies.
     •   82% of companies operate one LTI plan, most commonly                •   50% of companies use performance-based RSUs (PSUs)
         with two performance measures.                                          and 40% use a mix of RSUs and PSUs.
     •   Total Shareholder Return (TSR) used by 35% of                       •   40% of companies use stock options.
         companies, Earnings per Share (EPS) by 25%.                         •   Performance period is typically four years.
     •   Performance period is 3 years for 74% of companies,                 •   Vesting includes 12 month ‘cliff’ followed by annual,
         22% use four years.                                                     quarterly or monthly vesting.
     •   No vesting before the end of the performance period.

     1 Independent analysis of ASX-listed companies with a market capitalisation of between 50% and 200% of Appen’s market capitalisation.
     2 Independent remuneration advisor analysis of US non-founder market data including ~60 public technology companies with median revenue
       of ~US$400 million and median market capitalisation of ~US$3 billion.


     LTI performance measures
     The key components of the LTI scheme are:
     •   annual grants of performance rights (with quantum determined at Board discretion based on market remuneration analysis).
     •   vesting conditions of:
         1.   underlying basic EPS (UBEPS) growth tested over three consecutive years, tested annually with 100% vesting where the
              UBEPS target is achieved, 50-80% vesting for 90-99% achievement (at Board discretion) and nil vesting below 90%
              achievement; and
         2. continuation of employment until the beginning of the calendar year in which the performance rights are subject to vesting.
     •   Performance rights lapse on cessation of employment before vesting. This means that no performance rights will be provided
         if an executive resigns, despite meeting the relevant performance hurdles.
     •   Three-year performance periods, with grants consisting of three equal tranches each tested over a single 12-month period.
         –    Australia-based executives: performance rights vest at the end of the three-year period subject to the achievement
              of the performance and continuous employment hurdles.
         –    US-based executives: performance rights may vest annually, which is typical for US remuneration practices, subject
              to the achievement of the performance and continuous employment hurdles. A partial tranche may vest subject to the
              achievement of the performance and employment hurdles for grants issued during the year.
     •   Rights for which the performance condition is not satisfied in the annual testing can be carried over for a maximum of two
         years and may vest if the equivalent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) is achieved. This ensures that management is
         focused on delivering financial returns for shareholders over the long-term, but also acknowledges that investments may
         need to be made in certain years to achieve those returns. It also incentivises management to outperform in subsequent
         years if an annual target is not met.
     •   The number of performance rights granted is based on face value (actual share price) rather than a discounted fair value.
     •   No dividends are paid or accrue between the grant and vesting dates of the performance rights.
     •   Malus applies and the Board may forfeit any entitlement to any shares on vesting of the performance rights, if in the opinion
         of the Board, the employee acts fraudulently or dishonestly, is in breach of their obligations to the Company or if their
         contract of employment is terminated.

66
Performance and 2020 LTI outcomes
The following awards were granted to executive KMP for the 2020 year. The grant of performance rights to Mr Brayan was
approved at the 2019 Annual General Meeting on 29 May 2020, in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 10.14. The current LTI
performance target is set at 20% growth in underlying basic earnings per share (UBEPS) each year for three consecutive years.
This hurdle was not met in 2020.

The performance rights for 2020 can now only vest if executives achieve 44% UBEPS growth over a two-year period or 73%
over three years (i.e. the equivalent CAGR growth rate); and if they meet the continuous employment requirement.

                                                                            Performance
                                                                            target                                                      Value per
                        Expiry     Exercise         Performance Performance measurement      Target     Vesting                         right at
Plan     Grant date     date       price    Tranche measurement target      date             achieved   condition     Vesting date      grant date

                                                                                                     Employed at
2020 1   19 Dec 2019 N/A           N/A     1       UBEPS       20.0%       End 2020          Pending 1 Jan 2023       1 Jan 2023        $23.37
                                                                                                     Employed at
2020 1   19 Dec 2019 N/A           N/A     2       UBEPS       20.0%       End 2021          Pending 1 Jan 2023       1 Jan 2023        $23.37
                                                                                                     Employed at      Release of 2022
2020 1   19 Dec 2019 N/A           N/A     3       UBEPS       20.0%       End 2022          Pending 1 Jan 2023       Annual results    $23.37

1 At the Board’s discretion.

Rights are convertible to shares on the vesting dates, assuming all the performance conditions of the plan and the employment
condition are met. If rights are not converted, they expire after 8 years from the grant date.

Target achievement table:

                         UBEPS target achieved                                                % performance rights allocated
                      100% or more of UBEPS target                                                            100%
                        90-99% of UBEPS target       1
                                                                                                            50-80%
                                 Less than 90%                                                                  Nil

1 At the Board’s discretion.

The number of unvested performance rights held by executive KMP are:

                                                                                        Mark              Kevin            Jon             Tom
Plan                                                                                  Brayan             Levine          Kondo          Sharkey
2018                                                                                      23,153          12,155                –          25,118
2018 Special 1                                                                      150,000             100,000                 –                –
2019                                                                                160,000             80,000          75,000          60,000
2020                                                                                      78,125         48,828         35,000          35,000
Total                                                                                 411,278           240,983        110,000           120,118

1 Rights issued in 2018 with higher performance hurdles than the 2018 LTI plan.




                                                                                                                         Appen 2020 Annual Report    67
     Long-term incentives (LTI) continued


     Performance rights holdings of executive KMP
     The movement during the reporting period of performance rights held by executive KMP is outlined in the table below:

                                                              Held at       Granted       Exercised      Forfeited         Held at      Vested
                                                           1 January      during the      during the    during the    31 December    during the
                                                               2020             year           year 1         year           2020          year


     Mark Brayan                                 2017         59,430                  –     (59,430)            –               –       59,430
                                                 2018          23,153                 –            –            –           23,153            –
                                             2018 STI        50,000                   –     (50,000)            –               –      50,000
                                        2018 Special        150,000                   –            –            –         150,000             –
                                             2019 AU        160,000                   –            –            –         160,000             –
                                            2020 AU                  –         78,125              –            –           78,125            –
                                                             442,583           78,125      (109,430)            –          411,278     109,430


     Kevin Levine                                2017         35,022                  –     (35,022)            –               –       35,022
                                                 2018           12,155                –            –            –           12,155            –
                                             2018 STI         33,333                  –      (33,333)           –               –       33,333
                                        2018 Special        100,000                   –            –            –        100,000              –
                                             2019 AU         80,000                   –            –            –         80,000              –
                                            2020 AU                  –        48,828               –            –          48,828             –
                                                             260,510          48,828        (68,355)            –         240,983       68,355


     Jon Kondo                               2019 US         90,000                   –     (15,000)            –          75,000       15,000
                                            2020 US                          35,000                –            –          35,000             –
                                                             90,000          35,000         (15,000)            –         110,000       15,000


     Tom Sharkey                                 2018            8,518        16,600               –            –           25,118            –
                                             2019 US         90,000                   –     (30,000)            –         60,000       30,000
                                            2020 US                  –       35,000                –            –          35,000             –
                                                               98,518         51,600       (30,000)             –          120,118     30,000

     1 Details of the performance rights exercised are provided in the table below.


     Performance rights exercised
                                                                                                Number      Value of rights     Value of rights
                                                                                                of rights         at grant      at exercisable
     Executive                                                                                 exercised               date                date
     Mark Brayan                                                                                 109,430             $784,132        $2,779,522
     Kevin Levine                                                                                 68,355             $355,717        $1,736,217
     Jon Kondo                                                                                    15,000             $446,993         $381,000
     Tom Sharkey                                                                                 30,000          $663,202            $762,000


     The high value attributable to the value of rights at exercisable date reflects the strong growth in Appen’s share price between
     grant and exercise date, as shown in the graph on page 60. The rights exercised during the year relate to vesting of the relevant
     plans as detailed above, upon the successful achievement of the relevant performance and employment hurdles.




68
Executive KMP remuneration arrangements



Executive KMP share ownership requirements
An Executive Share Ownership Policy applies to the CEO and executive KMP. Under the policy, the total number of shares held
by the CEO and executive KMP must be equivalent to at least 50% of the shares issued in respect of the performance rights
granted in 2019, net of any necessary sales to cover tax obligations, while employed by the Company. This post vesting holding
requirement ensures that executives continue to think and act like owners of the business. Share transfers to affiliate or related
entities or persons are permitted.

                                                                                           Number of         Number of ordinary
                                                                                   performance rights       shares currently held
Executive                                                                               currently held       (direct and indirect)
Mark Brayan                                                                                     411,278                   418,309
Kevin Levine                                                                                   240,983                     139,863
Jon Kondo                                                                                      110,000                     15,000
Tom Sharkey                                                                                     120,118                   30,000


            Directors and KMP must not enter into transactions in associated products that operate to limit the economic risk
            of security holdings in the Company. A copy of the Company’s Securities Dealing Policy is available at appen.com/
            investors/corporate-governance/.




Service contracts
Remuneration and other terms of employment for KMP are formalised in service contracts. All executive KMP service contracts
provide for immediate termination in the event of serious misconduct. There are no guaranteed base pay increases in any
executive service contracts.

Details of the other key terms are as follows:

                                                                                        Annual salary         Notice period
Executive              Role                                        Contract term        review                by either party
Mark Brayan            Managing Director and CEO                   No fixed term        1 March               6 months
Kevin Levine           CFO                                         No fixed term        1 March               3 months
Jon Kondo              SVP, Sales and Marketing                    No fixed term        1 March               90 days
Tom Sharkey            SVP, Client Services                        No fixed term        1 March               90 days




                                                                                                            Appen 2020 Annual Report   69
     Non-executive director remuneration arrangements



     Non-executive director remuneration framework
     Non-executive director remuneration reflects the Company’s desire to attract, motivate and retain experienced directors
     and to ensure their active participation in advocating for the interests of shareholders, in areas such as corporate governance,
     remuneration, compliance, risk and strategy.

     The Company aims to provide a level of remuneration for non-executive directors comparable with its general industry peer
     group. The most recent benchmarking from October 2019 considered the practices of ASX 200 companies (minus ASX 100
     companies) as the ‘primary peer group’; and incorporated a review against a ‘secondary peer group’ of ASX-listed technology
     companies with revenues between approximately 50% and 200% of Appen’s revenue.

     The results of this benchmarking showed that Appen’s non-executive director remuneration was within the 25th percentile
     of the primary peer group and within the median of the secondary peer group.




     Non-executive director fee structure and components
     Non-executive directors are remunerated from the maximum           Role                                                        Fee 1
     aggregate amount approved by shareholders. The current
                                                                        Board Chair                                             $200,000
     aggregate fee pool limit that can be paid in any one year
     is $900,000.                                                       Non-Executive Director                                  $105,000

     Non-executive directors are remunerated by way of Board            Audit and Risk Management Committee Chair                $15,000
     and Committee fees. These fees reflect the workload                Nomination and Remuneration Committee Chair              $15,000
     associated with a global business and the governance and
     oversight required of the Company’s strategic growth areas         1 All fees are inclusive of statutory superannuation.

     including Government, China and M&A. The current fee
     structure for non-executive directors is as follows:




     Amounts paid to non-executive directors
     Details of fees paid to directors in 2020 and 2019 are outlined below:

                                                               2020                                                2019
                                                                Super-                                              Super-
                                                    Fees     annuation              Total             Fees       annuation         Total
     Director                                          $             $                 $                 $               $            $
     Chris Vonwiller                              182,648         17,352       200,000             182,648            17,352    200,000
     William Pulver                               109,589          10,411       120,000           109,589              10,411    120,000
     Robin Low                                    120,000              –        120,000           120,000                   –    120,000
     Deena Shiff                                   95,890          9,110        105,000            95,890               9,110    105,000
     Stephen Hasker                               105,000              –        105,000          105,000                    –    105,000
     Vanessa Liu 1                                 79,962              –          79,962                  –                 –           –
                                                  693,089         36,873         729,962            613,127          36,873     650,000

     1 Vanessa Liu was appointed 27 March 2020.




70
Non-executive director minimum shareholding requirement
Non-executive directors are required to hold Appen shares to the value of at least 100% of the annual non-executive director
pre-tax base fee within three years of their appointment, using the base fee at the time of appointment (excluding Committee fees).

The value of such shares is based on their price at the time of acquisition. Once the requirement has been met, directors are
considered compliant even if there are subsequent changes in the share price.

Directors are compliant where Appen securities are held either by them personally or by a related party.

As at the date of this report, all non-executive directors that have served on the Board for at least three years, have met the
minimum holding requirement.

                                                                                                      Number of shares
                                                                                                Purchased/
                                                                                                  exercised                                31
                                                                                  1 January      during the       Sold during       December
Director                                                                              2020             year         the year 1          2020
Chris Vonwiller                                                                  11,060,286                  –    (2,000,000)        9,060,286
William Pulver                                                                      607,384                  –       (275,000)          332,384
Mark Brayan                                                                         404,414          109,430           (95,535)         418,309
Robin Low                                                                           172,946                  –                –         172,946
Deena Shiff                                                                          50,432                  –                –          50,432
Stephen Hasker                                                                      50,000                   –                –         50,000
Vanessa Liu (appointed 27 March 2020)                                                       –          1,000                  –           1,000
                                                                                 12,345,462          110,430       (2,370,535)      10,085,357

1 The share sales were announced to the ASX on 4 June 2020 (appen.com/investors/announcements/). Non-Executive Chairman, Chris
  Vonwiller, sold a proportion of his holding for a number of personal reasons, including philanthropic endeavours. Mr Vonwiller intends to remain
  a long-term shareholder of Appen. William Pulver, Non-Executive Director, sold shares to diversify personal investments. Mark Brayan, CEO and
  Managing Director of Appen, sold shares to satisfy tax obligations and diversify personal investments.


Independent remuneration advisors
Where appropriate, the Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee engage external and independent remuneration
advisors to provide industry benchmarks, peer comparison information and specific local knowledge of country-specific
remuneration practices. In 2020, an independent global compensation consultant provided benchmarks for Australia-based
executives and a US-based leading specialist technology and life sciences compensation firm provided benchmarks for
US-based executives.

External advice is used as a guide only and is not a substitute for the Board and Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s
thorough consideration of the relevant remuneration matter.

This report is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors, pursuant to section 298(2)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.



On behalf of the directors




Christopher Vonwiller
Director



24 February 2021

Sydney




                                                                                                                        Appen 2020 Annual Report     71
     Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
     Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
     to the directors of Appen Limited




     I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Appen Limited for the year ended
     31 December 2020 there have been:

         i.    no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001
               in relation to the audit; and
         ii.   no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




     KPMG                                                               Cameron Slapp
                                                                        Partner

                                                                        Sydney

                                                                        24 February 2021




     KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International
     Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo are trademarks used under license by the
     independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.



PB
72
                                                         Financial report
Contents
Consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income                    74
Consolidated statement of financial position      75
Consolidated statement of changes in equity       76
Consolidated statement of cash flows              77

Notes to the consolidated financial statements    78
  Note 1.    General information                   78
  Note 2.    Basis of preparation                  78
  Note 3.    Operating segments                    79
  Note 4.    Services revenue                      82
  Note 5.    Expenses                              84
  Note 6.    Income tax                            86
  Note 7.    Cash and cash equivalents            90
  Note 8.    Trade and other receivables          90
  Note 9.    Contract assets                       92
  Note 10. Derivative financial instruments        93
  Note 11.   Property, plant and equipment         93
  Note 12.   Right‑of‑use assets                   95
  Note 13.   Intangibles                           96
  Note 14.   Trade and other payables             100
  Note 15.   Contract liabilities                 100
  Note 16.   Borrowings                           101
  Note 17.   Lease liabilities                    103
  Note 18.   Employee benefits                    104
  Note 19.   Other liabilities                    104
  Note 20. Issued capital                         105
  Note 21.   Reserves                             106
  Note 22. Accumulated losses                     108
  Note 23. Dividends                              108
  Note 24. Financial instruments                  109
  Note 25. Fair value measurement                 113
  Note 26. Key management personnel disclosures    114
  Note 27. Remuneration of auditors               115
  Note 28. Contingent liabilities                 115
  Note 29. Related party transactions             115
  Note 30. Parent entity information              116
  Note 31.   Interests in subsidiaries             117
  Note 32. Deed of cross guarantee                 118
  Note 33. Cash flow information                  120
  Note 34. Earnings per share                      121
  Note 35. Share‑based payments                   122
  Note 36. Other information                      127
  Note 37. Events after the reporting period      127

Directors’ declaration                            128
Independent auditor’s report                      129


                                                            Appen 2020 Annual Report   PB
                                                                                       73
     Consolidated statement of profit or loss
     and other comprehensive income
     for the year ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                                                 Group
                                                                                                            2020           2019
                                                                                                Note       $’000          $’000
     Services revenue                                                                              4      599,377        535,493

     Other income                                                                                              153                 8
     Interest income calculated using the effective interest method                                            325              498
     Recovery of impairment of receivables                                                         8            47                 –
     Net foreign exchange gain                                                                              6,804                  –

     Expenses
     Services purchased – data collection                                                                (347,370)       (310,644)
     Employee expenses                                                                             5     (104,091)        (75,474)
     Share‑based payments expense                                                                  5        (18,147)      (19,204)
     Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                         5      (40,908)        (25,864)
     Impairment of receivables                                                                     8             –              (791)
     Travel expense                                                                                         (1,019)        (2,973)
     Professional fees                                                                                     (11,996)         (11,511)
     Rent and occupancy expense                                                                                (98)             (698)
     Communication expense                                                                                  (1,210)        (1,074)
     Transaction costs                                                                                       (1,152)       (7,450)
     Figure Eight earn‑out adjustment                                                             19        4,059           2,557
     Deemed interest on earn‑out liability                                                        19        (1,353)        (3,368)
     Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                   –              (101)
     Other expenses                                                                                        (17,446)      (20,226)
     Finance costs                                                                                 5        (2,445)         (4,123)

     Profit before income tax expense                                                                      63,530         55,055

     Income tax expense                                                                            6       (13,016)       (13,444)

     Profit after income tax expense for the year attributable to the owners of Appen Limited     22       50,514           41,611

     Other comprehensive income/(loss)

     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
     Foreign currency translation                                                                          (52,729)         2,681

     Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                                            (52,729)         2,681

     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to the owners
     of Appen Limited                                                                                       (2,215)       44,292


                                                                                                            Cents          Cents
     Basic earnings per share                                                                     34         41.53          35.28
     Diluted earnings per share                                                                   34        40.85          34.60


     The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.




74
Consolidated statement of financial position
as at 31 December 2020




                                                                                                            Group
                                                                                                        2020          2019
                                                                                          Note         $’000         $’000
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    7         78,437        75,274
Trade and other receivables                                                                  8        65,650         116,336
Contract assets                                                                              9        40,880           7,886
Derivative financial instruments                                                            10           1,918           314
Income tax refund due                                                                        6         10,752              –
Prepayments                                                                                             3,142         2,829
Total current assets                                                                                 200,779        202,639

Non‑current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                                11         5,149          5,577
Right‑of‑use assets                                                                         12        23,326          21,922
Intangibles                                                                                 13       359,388        398,576
Deferred tax                                                                                 6         10,686         3,979
Sundry receivables                                                                                      1,038          1,444
Total non‑current assets                                                                             399,587        431,498
Total assets                                                                                         600,366        634,137

Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                     14        57,292        60,414
Contract liabilities                                                                        15          9,675         22,122
Lease liabilities                                                                            17         6,532         4,648
Income tax                                                                                   6              –          1,424
Employee benefits                                                                           18         4,230          2,050
Other liabilities                                                                           19            100         38,143
Total current liabilities                                                                              77,829        128,801

Non‑current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                                  16              –              –
Lease liabilities                                                                            17        18,705        18,043
Deferred tax                                                                                 6         17,395          4,011
Employee benefits                                                                           18            565            431
Other liabilities                                                                           19              –         1,069
Total non‑current liabilities                                                                         36,665         23,554
Total liabilities                                                                                     114,494       152,355
Net assets                                                                                           485,872         481,782

Equity
Issued capital                                                                              20        362,138       362,138
Reserves                                                                                     21       127,604        123,514
Accumulated losses                                                                          22         (3,870)        (3,870)
Total equity                                                                                         485,872         481,782


The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                      Appen 2020 Annual Report   75
     Consolidated statement of changes in equity
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                            Issued                    Accumulated         Total
                                                                            capital      Reserves          losses        equity
     Group                                                                  $’000          $’000           $’000         $’000
     Balance at 1 January 2020                                              362,138        123,514         (3,870)      481,782

     Profit after income tax expense for the year                                 –              –         50,514        50,514
     Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                            –        (52,729)              –      (52,729)

     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                               –        (52,729)        50,514        (2,215)

     Transfer between reserves                                                    –        50,514         (50,514)            –

     Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
     Share‑based payments                                                         –         17,862               –       17,862
     Dividends paid (note 23)                                                     –        (11,557)              –       (11,557)

     Balance at 31 December 2020                                            362,138       127,604          (3,870)      485,872


                                                                             Issued                   Accumulated         Total
                                                                             capital     Reserves          losses        equity
     Group                                                                   $’000         $’000           $’000         $’000
     Balance at 1 January 2019                                               69,602         73,668         (3,870)      139,400

     Profit after income tax expense for the year                                 –              –          41,611        41,611
     Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                          –          2,681               –        2,681

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                      –          2,681          41,611       44,292

     Transfer between reserves                                                    –          41,611         (41,611)           –

     Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
     Issue of ordinary shares, net of transaction costs (note 20)           292,536              –               –      292,536
     Share‑based payments                                                         –         14,657               –       14,657
     Dividends paid (note 23)                                                     –         (9,103)              –       (9,103)

     Balance at 31 December 2019                                            362,138        123,514         (3,870)      481,782


     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




76
Consolidated statement of cash flows
for the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                                            Group
                                                                                                      2020             2019
                                                                                        Note         $’000            $’000
Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers (inclusive of GST)                                                          597,784         488,584
Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                             (485,108)        (405,831)

                                                                                                     112,676          82,753
Interest received                                                                                       325              468
Interest paid                                                                                         (1,912)          (2,413)
Income taxes paid                                                                                    (17,516)        (13,506)

Net cash from operating activities                                                         33        93,573           67,302

Cash flows from investing activities
Payment for purchase of subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                   16       (39,040)        (233,835)
Transaction cost paid for acquisitions                                                                 (1,152)        (6,687)
Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                  11       (2,433)           (3,113)
Payments for intangibles                                                                   13        (24,818)        (12,400)

Net cash used in investing activities                                                               (67,443)        (256,035)

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                             20                –       292,536
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                             39,040                 –
Repayment of borrowings                                                                    16        (34,129)        (57,028)
Payments for lease liabilities                                                                        (6,184)         (4,467)
Dividends paid                                                                             23        (11,557)         (9,103)

Net cash from/(used in) financing activities                                                        (12,830)         221,938

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                            13,300          33,205
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                     75,274          40,045
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                        (10,137)          2,024

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year                                  7        78,437           75,274


The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                     Appen 2020 Annual Report    77
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 1. General information

     The financial statements cover Appen Limited as a Group consisting of Appen Limited and the entities it controlled at the end
     of, or during, the year. The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is Appen Limited’s functional and
     presentation currency.

     Appen Limited is a listed public company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its registered office and
     principal place of business is:
     Level 6
     9 Help Street
     Chatswood NSW 2067

     The financial statements were authorised for issue, in accordance with a resolution of directors, on 24 February 2021.



     Note 2. Basis of preparation

     Statement of compliance
     These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and
     Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations Act 2001, as appropriate
     for for‑profit oriented entities. These financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued
     by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).


     Historical cost convention
     The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for, where applicable, the revaluation of
     financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, certain classes
     of property, plant and equipment, derivative financial instruments and share‑based payments, which are measured at fair value.


     Critical accounting estimates
     The preparation of the financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management
     to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree
     of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed
     as relevant as part of the relevant note.


     Parent entity information
     In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, these financial statements present the results of the Group only. Supplementary
     information about the parent entity is disclosed in note 30.


     New, revised or amended accounting standards
     The Group has adopted any new, revised or amending Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the AASB that are
     mandatory for the current reporting period. Any new, revised or amending Accounting Standards or Interpretations that are not
     yet mandatory have not been early adopted. Below are the new standards adopted by the Group.

     AASB 2020‑4 Amendment to Australian Accounting Standards – COVID‑19‑Related Rent Concessions
     The Group adopted the amendment to AASB 16 from 1 January 2019. During the year, only one landlord granted a COVID‑19 rent
     concession for a limited period.

     Definition of a Business (Amendments to IFRS 3) and Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments
     to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7)
     The Group initially adopted these amendments from 1 January 2020. The Group applied Definition of a Business (Amendments
     to IFRS 3) to business combinations whose acquisition dates are on or after 1 January 2020 in assessing whether it had acquired
     a business or a group of assets.

     A number of other new accounting standards and interpretations are effective from 1 January 2020, but these do not have any
     impact on the Group’s financial statements.




78
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 2. Basis of preparation (continued)

Current and non‑current classification
Assets and liabilities are presented in the statement of financial position based on current and non‑current classification.
An asset is classified as current when: it is either expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the Group’s
normal operating cycle; it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is expected to be realised within 12 months after the
reporting period; or the asset is cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for
at least 12 months after the reporting period. All other assets are classified as non‑current.

A liability is classified as current when: it is either expected to be settled in the Group’s normal operating cycle; it is held primarily
for the purpose of trading; it is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting period; or there is no unconditional
right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period. All other liabilities are classified
as non‑current.


Rounding of amounts
The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued
by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to ‘rounding‑off’. Amounts in this report have been rounded off
in accordance with that Corporations Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.



Note 3. Operating segments

Identification of reportable operating segments
The Group is organised into two operating segments based on differences in products and services provided: Relevance and
Speech & Image. These operating segments are based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Group’s Chief
Executive Officer (CEO), who is identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker, in assessing performance and in determining
the allocation of resources. There is no aggregation of operating segments.

The CEO reviews a set of financial reports which covers EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation),
revenue and operating segment reports on a monthly basis. The accounting policies adopted for internal reporting to the CEO
are consistent with those adopted in the financial statements.


Types of products and services
The principal products and services of each of these operating segments are as follows:
Relevance                 Relevance products and services provide annotated training data that is directly used as an input
                          to improve performance of the world’s leading search engines, social media and e‑commerce
                          applications. Relevance training data relies heavily on our large‑scale global crowd to deliver
                          a workforce that is representative of our customers’ global user base with the speed and volume
                          of data to meet our customers’ requirements.

Speech & Image            Speech & Image products and services which provides training data that is used to build the world’s
                          leading AI‑based voice interface, translation, text analysis, AR/VR and image perception systems
                          (including LiDAR for autonomous vehicles). The combination of our leading data annotation platform,
                          global crowd and deep functional expertise delivers high‑quality training data at scale across a wide
                          variety of industries and applications.



Major customers
During the year ended 31 December 2020 approximately 88.9% (2019: 88.2%) of the Group’s external revenue was derived from
sales to five major customers.




                                                                                                                 Appen 2020 Annual Report    79
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 3. Operating segments (continued)

     Operating segment information
                                                                        Speech       Other
                                                            Relevance   & Image   segments     Total
     Group – 2020                                               $’000     $’000      $’000    $’000
     Revenue
     Services revenue                                         538,184    61,193          –   599,377
     Interest                                                       –        –        325        325
     Other income                                                   –        –         153       153
     Total revenue and other income                           538,184    61,193        478   599,855

     Segment result                                           112,662    12,445       386    125,493
     Corporate overhead                                                                       (6,796)
     Marketing expenses                                                                       (2,025)
     Share‑based payment – employees                                                          (14,601)
     Share‑based payment – acquisition related                                                (3,546)
     Transaction costs                                                                         (1,152)
     Depreciation and amortisation                                                           (40,908)
     Foreign exchange gain 1                                                                   6,804
     Figure Eight earn out adjustment                                                          4,059
     Deemed interest on earn‑out liability                                                     (1,353)
     Finance costs                                                                            (2,445)
     Profit before income tax expense                                                        63,530
     Income tax expense                                                                       (13,016)
     Profit after income tax expense                                                          50,514

     1 Mainly on repayment of borrowings (refer note 16).




80
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 3. Operating segments (continued)

                                                          Speech         Other
                                            Relevance     & Image    segments          Total
Group – 2019                                    $’000       $’000       $’000         $’000
Revenue
Services revenue                              467,810       67,683          –        535,493
Interest                                           21            –        477            498
Other income                                        –            –          8               8
Total revenue and other income                467,831       67,683        485       535,999

Segment result                                104,195       21,421          8        125,624
Corporate overhead                                                                    (10,816)
Marketing expenses                                                                    (2,200)
Share‑based payment – employees                                                       (11,048)
Share‑based payment – acquisition related                                              (8,156)
Transaction costs                                                                      (7,450)
Depreciation and amortisation                                                        (25,864)
Foreign exchange loss                                                                    (101)
Figure Eight earn‑out adjustment                                                       2,557
Deemed interest on earn‑out liability                                                  (3,368)
Finance costs                                                                          (4,123)
Profit before income tax expense                                                      55,055
Income tax expense                                                                    (13,444)
Profit after income tax expense                                                        41,611



Geographical information
                                                                        Geographical
                                              Services revenue        non‑current assets

                                                2020         2019       2020           2019
                                               $’000        $’000      $’000          $’000
Australia                                      46,361       59,568      1,808           1,421
US                                           544,709      468,420     372,599       406,007
Other countries                                 8,307        7,505     13,705         15,052
                                              599,377     535,493      388,112       422,480




                                                                       Appen 2020 Annual Report   81
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 4. Services revenue

                                                                                                              Group

                                                                                                           2020         2019
                                                                                                          $’000        $’000
     Services revenue                                                                                    599,377      535,493



     Disaggregation of services revenue
     Services revenue is disaggregated by type of service and primary geographical country as follows:

                                                                                                         Speech
                                                                                          Relevance      & Image        Total
     Group – 2020                                                                             $’000        $’000       $’000
     Geographical regions
     Australia                                                                                     –      46,361       46,361
     US                                                                                      538,184       6,525      544,709
     Other countries                                                                               –       8,307        8,307
                                                                                             538,184      61,193      599,377


                                                                                                         Speech
                                                                                          Relevance      & Image        Total
     Group – 2019                                                                             $’000        $’000       $’000
     Geographical regions
     Australia                                                                                     –      59,568       59,568
     US                                                                                      467,810         610      468,420
     Other countries                                                                               –       7,505        7,505
                                                                                             467,810      67,683      535,493




82
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 4. Services revenue (continued)


  Accounting policy
  The Group recognises revenue as follows:

  Revenue from contracts with customers
  Appen derives most of its revenue from two distinct performance obligations, being:
  •   revenue from subscription to a platform for a specified period of time; and
  •   revenue from sourcing a crowd for customers through multiple vendors.

  Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled
  in exchange for transferring annotated and/or collected data as per customer requirements, when or as each
  performance obligation is satisfied in a manner that depicts the transfer to the customer of the data required.

  Variable consideration within the transaction price, if any, reflects concessions provided to the customer such
  as discounts, rebates and refunds. Such estimates are determined using either the ‘expected value’ or ‘most likely
  amount’ method. The measurement of variable consideration is subject to a constraining principle whereby revenue
  will only be recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative
  revenue recognised will not occur. The measurement constraint continues until the uncertainty associated with the
  variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Amounts received that are subject to the constraining principle are
  recognised as a liability.

  Revenue from services represents the sale of contract services or licence products and database. Revenue is recognised
  in profit or loss progressively as the annotated and/or collected data is completed and validated or approved by the
  customer. Stage of completion of transactions involving the rendering of services is determined by reference to the
  services performed to date as a percentage of total services to be performed.

  Interest
  Interest revenue is recognised on a time proportion basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and the effective
  interest rate applicable, which is the rate that discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the
  financial asset to the assets net carrying value.

  Other revenue
  Other revenue is recognised when it is received or when the right to receive payment is established.

  Foreign exchange gains and losses
  Foreign currency transactions are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates prevailing at the date
  of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains (and losses) resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from
  the translation at year‑end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
  recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                           Appen 2020 Annual Report   83
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 5. Expenses

     Profit before income tax includes the following specific expenses:

                                                                                                                               Group
                                                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                                                         $’000             $’000
     Depreciation and amortisation

     Depreciation:
     Leasehold improvements                                                                                                  913                 647
     Fixtures and fittings                                                                                                    172                353
     Computer equipment                                                                                                    1,662             1,136
     Audio equipment                                                                                                          35                 20
     Land and buildings – right‑of‑use assets                                                                              6,784            3,947
     Total depreciation                                                                                                    9,566            6,103

     Amortisation:
     Systems implementation                                                                                                  543                 543
     Platform development                                                                                                 13,682            5,299
     Other intangibles                                                                                                        44                  33
     Amortisation sub‑total                                                                                               14,269            5,875

     Amortisation – acquisition related:
     Platform development 1                                                                                              10,360             7,536
     Customer relationships                                                                                               6,204             5,951
     Brand                                                                                                                   436                 327
     Customer contracts                                                                                                        73                 72
     Amortisation – acquisition related sub‑total                                                                         17,073           13,886

     Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                                 40,908           25,864

     1 The benefits associated with acquisition related platform development new feature enhancements are now fully integrated into the Group.


                                                                                                                               Group
                                                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                                                         $’000             $’000
     Finance costs
     Interest and finance charges paid/payable on borrowings                                                                1,169           3,103
     Interest and finance charges paid/payable on lease liabilities                                                        1,276            1,020

     Finance costs expensed                                                                                                2,445             4,123




84
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 5. Expenses (continued)

                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                                             $’000          $’000
Share‑based payments expense
Share‑based payment in respect of Appen performance rights                                                   14,601          11,048
Share‑based payment in respect of Leapforce                                                                   1,668           1,668
Share‑based payment in respect of Figure Eight                                                                 1,878         6,488

Total share‑based payments expense                                                                            18,147        19,204


                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                                             $’000          $’000
Employee expenses
Defined contribution superannuation expense                                                                   5,702          3,285
Employee expenses                                                                                            98,389          72,189

Total employee expenses                                                                                     104,091          75,474




   Accounting policy
   Depreciation expense
   Depreciation is calculated on a straight‑line basis to write‑off the net cost of each item of property, plant and
   equipment (excluding land) over their expected useful lives.

   Amortisation expense
   Amortisation is calculated to write‑off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using the
   straight‑line method over their estimated useful lives and is recognised in profit or loss. Goodwill is not amortised.

   Finance costs
   All finance costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

   Share‑based payments expense
   All share‑based payments are expensed over the relevant vesting period.

   Employee expenses
   Includes all short‑term employee benefits (wages, paid annual leave and sick leave and any non‑monetary benefits),
   post‑employment benefits and other long‑term or termination employee benefits.




                                                                                                             Appen 2020 Annual Report   85
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 6. Income tax

                                                                                                 Group
                                                                                             2020         2019
                                                                                            $’000        $’000
     Income tax expense
     Current tax                                                                               (80)      15,377
     Deferred tax – origination and reversal of temporary differences                        15,211      (2,452)
     Adjustment recognised for prior periods – current tax                                   5,766          519
     Adjustment recognised for prior periods – deferred tax                                  (7,881)           –

     Income tax expense                                                                     13,016       13,444

     Deferred tax included in income tax expense comprises:
     Increase in deferred tax assets                                                         (7,374)      (2,914)
     Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                                   14,733          462

     Deferred tax – origination and reversal of temporary differences                        7,359       (2,452)

     Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense and tax at the statutory rate
     Profit before income tax expense                                                       63,530       55,055

     Tax at the statutory tax rate of 30%                                                   19,059        16,517

     Tax effect amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income:
       Entertainment expenses                                                                    –           38
       Share‑based payments                                                                 (1,006)       (1,734)
       Figure Eight earn‑out payments adjustment                                              (662)            –
       Non‑deductible transaction cost related to acquisition                                    –         802
       Exchange differences                                                                   (920)            –
       Sundry items                                                                            (60)            –

                                                                                             16,411      15,623
     Adjustment recognised for prior periods                                                 (2,115)        519
     Difference in overseas tax rates                                                       (1,280)      (2,698)

     Income tax expense                                                                     13,016       13,444




86
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 6. Income tax (continued)

                                                                           Group
                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                      $’000          $’000
Deferred tax asset
Deferred tax asset comprises temporary differences attributable to:

Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
  Allowance for expected credit losses                                      –              1
  Property, plant and equipment                                          334            (258)
  Employee benefits                                                    7,095           1,093
  Leases                                                                    –           303
  Accrued expenses                                                      309            1,463
  Work‑in‑progress                                                          –          (656)
  Transaction costs                                                    2,921               –
  Foreign currency revaluation and other expense                          27          2,033

Deferred tax asset                                                    10,686          3,979

Movements:
Opening balance                                                        3,979           1,584
Credited to profit or loss                                             7,374           2,914
Additions through business combinations                                     –           (519)
Exchange differences                                                    (667)              –

Closing balance                                                       10,686          3,979




                                                                      Appen 2020 Annual Report   87
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 6. Income tax (continued)

                                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                                                            $’000             $’000
     Deferred tax liability
     Deferred tax liability comprises temporary differences attributable to:

     Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
       Tax loss from Figure Eight acquisition 1                                                                              (9,253)         (16,624)
       Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               –                134
       Right‑of‑use office lease                                                                                                   –                (94)
       Intangible assets                                                                                                    23,775             3,210
       Employee benefits                                                                                                           –            (676)
       Revenue received in advance                                                                                           2,383                  666
       Platform development costs                                                                                                  –            2,331
       Figure Eight earn‑out liability adjustment                                                                                  –          (1,066)
       Initial Public Offering related transaction cost                                                                            –            (570)
       Figure Eight identifiable intangibles                                                                                       –          18,732
       Foreign currency revaluation and other expense                                                                          490            (2,032)

     Deferred tax liability                                                                                                  17,395             4,011

     Movements:
     Opening balance                                                                                                          4,011            3,549
     Charged to profit or loss                                                                                               14,733                 462
     Exchange differences                                                                                                    (1,349)                  –

     Closing balance                                                                                                         17,395             4,011

     1 Estimated tax losses relating to Figure Eight to be applied to future periods amounts to US$43.5 million of which US$28.5 million has been
       recognised as a deferred tax asset. This is subject to estimated maximum annual limitations as follows:
       2021: US$16.5 million
       2022–2040: US$0.7 million

                                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                                                            $’000             $’000
     Income tax refund due                                                                                                  10,752                    –


                                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                                                            $’000             $’000
     Provision for income tax                                                                                                      –            1,424




88
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 6. Income tax (continued)


  Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
  The Group is subject to income taxes in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant judgement is required
  in determining the provision for income tax. There are certain transactions and calculations undertaken during the
  ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for
  any anticipated tax audit issues based on the Group’s current understanding of the application of the tax law. Where
  the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the carrying amounts, such differences will impact on the current
  and deferred tax positions in the period that such a determination is made.

  Recoverability of deferred tax assets
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and net losses only if the Group considers
  it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.




  Accounting policy
  Current tax
  Current tax comprises the expected payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and any adjustment
  to tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates for each jurisdiction enacted
  or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

  Deferred tax
  Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
  for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:
  •   temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business
      combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
  •   temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements to the extent that
      the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will
      not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
  •   taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
  against current tax liabilities and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities; and they relate to the same taxable
  authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend to settle simultaneously.

  Appen Limited (the ‘head entity’) and its wholly‑owned Australian subsidiaries have formed an income tax consolidated
  group under the tax consolidation regime. The head entity and each subsidiary in the tax consolidated group continue
  to account for their own current and deferred tax amounts. The tax consolidated group has applied the ‘separate
  taxpayer within group’ approach in determining the appropriate amount of taxes to allocate to members of the tax
  consolidated group.

  In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, the head entity also recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets)
  and the deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed from each subsidiary in the
  tax consolidated group. Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the tax consolidated entities
  are recognised as amounts receivable from or payable to other entities in the tax consolidated group. The tax funding
  arrangement ensures that the intercompany charge equals the current tax liability or benefit of each tax consolidated
  group member, resulting in neither a contribution by the head entity to the subsidiaries nor a distribution by the
  subsidiaries to the head entity.




                                                                                                              Appen 2020 Annual Report   89
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 7. Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                                     Group
                                                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                                                                $’000          $’000
     Current assets
     Cash on hand                                                                                                     1                6
     Cash at bank                                                                                              78,436          75,268

                                                                                                                78,437             75,274




        Accounting policy
        Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short‑term,
        highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
        of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.




     Note 8. Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                     Group
                                                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                                                                $’000          $’000
     Current assets
     Trade receivables                                                                                         64,067          115,737
     Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                   (807)            (1,027)
                                                                                                               63,260          114,710

     Other receivables                                                                                           1,949              1,294
     GST receivable                                                                                                441               332

                                                                                                               65,650          116,336


     The reduction in trade receivables relates to amounts, at 31 December 2020, being classed as ‘contract assets’ (refer note 9).

     The carrying value of trade receivables is considered a reasonable approximation of fair value due to the short‑term nature
     of the balances.




90
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 8. Trade and other receivables (continued)

Impairment and allowance for expected credit losses
At 31 December 2020, the Group has recognised a provision of $807,211 (2019: $1,027,000) in respect of the impairment
of receivables.

The ageing of the receivables and allowance for expected credit losses provided for above are as follows:

                                                                                                     Allowance for expected
                                        Expected credit loss rate         Carrying amount                 credit losses
                                             2020            2019          2020            2019              2020           2019
Group                                           %              %          $’000           $’000             $’000          $’000
Not overdue                                       –              –         43,918         64,458                  –              –
0 to 3 months overdue                             –              –         15,865        50,040                   –              –
3 to 6 months overdue                          13%               –         4,002               –               525           1,027
Over 6 months overdue                        100%             83%             282          1,239               282               –

                                                                          64,067          115,737              807           1,027


Movements in the allowance for expected credit losses are as follows:

                                                                                                                 Group
                                                                                                             2020           2019
                                                                                                            $’000          $’000
Opening balance                                                                                              1,027             184
Additional provisions recognised                                                                                  –            791
Foreign currency revaluation on opening balance                                                                (97)             48
Amounts written off during the year as uncollectable                                                           (76)              4
Unused amounts reversed                                                                                         (47)             –

Closing balance                                                                                                807           1,027




   Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
   The allowance for expected credit losses assessment requires a degree of estimation and judgement. It is based
   on the lifetime expected credit loss, grouped based on days overdue and makes assumptions to allocate an overall
   expected credit loss for each group. The assumptions include recent sales experience and historical collection rates
   and forward‑looking information that is available.




                                                                                                            Appen 2020 Annual Report   91
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 8. Trade and other receivables (continued)


         Accounting policy
         Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 30–60
         days. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the Group will
         not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms.

         The Group has applied the simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses, which uses a lifetime expected loss
         allowance. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on days overdue.

         Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST
         recoverable from, or payable to, the tax authority is included in other receivables or other payables in the statement
         of financial position.

         Other receivables are recognised at amortised cost, less any provision for impairment.




     Note 9. Contract assets

                                                                                                                                   Group
                                                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                                                             $’000             $’000
     Current assets
     Contract assets                                                                                                         40,880              7,886

     Reconciliation
     Reconciliation of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous
     financial year are set out below:

     Balance at 1 January                                                                                                      7,886           10,354
     Subsequently invoiced and transferred to receivables – reversal                                                          (7,886)         (10,354)
     Accrued revenue recognised – origination        1
                                                                                                                              30,716           10,395
     Balance at 30 June                                                                                                       30,716           10,395
     Subsequently invoiced and transferred to receivables – reversal                                                         (30,716)         (10,395)
     Accrued revenue recognised – origination        1
                                                                                                                              41,561            8,053
     Revaluation                                                                                                                 (681)            (167)

     Balance at 31 December                                                                                                  40,880              7,886

     1 Relates to services completed that the Group is yet to receive an unconditional right to the amount due, as the relevant invoices in respect
       of the completed work are pending satisfaction of the customer’s billing milestones or billing period. The majority of contract assets were
       subsequently invoiced on 1 January 2021 and as at 16 February 2021, 80% of these invoices had been paid.




92
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 10. Derivative financial instruments

                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020               2019
                                                                                                             $’000              $’000
Current assets
Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                          1,918              314


Refer to note 25 for further information on fair value measurement.



    Accounting policy
    Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
    remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends
    on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.

    Derivatives are classified as current or non‑current depending on the expected period of realisation.

    Cash flow hedges
    Cash flow hedges are used to cover the Group’s exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to particular
    risks associated with a recognised asset or liability or a firm commitment which could affect profit or loss. Under
    AASB 139, all gains and losses arising from the Group’s cash flow hedging relationships were eligible to be subsequently
    reclassified to profit or loss. However, under AASB 9, gains and losses arising on cash flow hedges of forecast purchases
    of non‑financial assets need to be incorporated into initial carrying amounts of the non‑financial assets.




Note 11. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020               2019
                                                                                                             $’000              $’000
Non–current assets
Leasehold improvements – at cost                                                                              4,989              4,510
Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                               (2,923)            (2,164)
                                                                                                              2,066             2,346

Fixtures and fittings – at cost                                                                               1,553              1,571
Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                 (985)             (887)
                                                                                                                568               684

Computer equipment – at cost                                                                                  6,905             5,592
Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                               (4,467)            (3,110)
                                                                                                              2,438             2,482

Audio equipment – at cost                                                                                       244               198
Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                  (167)             (133)
                                                                                                                  77               65

                                                                                                              5,149              5,577




                                                                                                             Appen 2020 Annual Report     93
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 11. Property, plant and equipment (continued)

     Reconciliations
     Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                              Leasehold
                                                               improve‑         Fixtures      Computer           Audio
                                                                  ments      and fittings    equipment       equipment            Total
     Group                                                       $’000            $’000          $’000           $’000           $’000
     Balance at 1 January 2019                                     2,368             324           2,164             50           4,906
     Additions                                                       754             529           1,795              35              3,113
     Additions through business combinations – Figure Eight           371            248             234               –               853
     Disposals                                                        (21)            (41)           (56)              –               (118)
     Exchange differences                                            (479)            (23)          (519)              –          (1,021)
     Depreciation expense                                           (647)           (353)          (1,136)           (20)         (2,156)

     Balance at 31 December 2019                                   2,346             684           2,482              65              5,577
     Additions                                                       675              94            1,616             48          2,433
     Disposals                                                          –               –              (2)             –                 (2)
     Exchange differences                                             (42)            (38)             4               (1)              (77)
     Depreciation expense                                            (913)           (172)         (1,662)           (35)         (2,782)

     Balance at 31 December 2020                                   2,066             568          2,438               77              5,149




        Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
        Estimation of useful lives of assets
        The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation and amortisation charges for its property,
        plant and equipment and finite life intangible assets. The useful lives could change significantly as a result of technical
        innovations or some other event. The depreciation and amortisation charge will increase where the useful lives are less
        than previously estimated lives, or technically obsolete or assets that have been abandoned or sold will be written off
        or written down.




        Accounting policy
        Each class of property, plant and equipment is carried at cost or fair value, less any accumulated depreciation
        or impairment losses. The assets’ depreciation methods, residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted
        if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period. The depreciation rates used for each class of depreciable assets are:
        Leasehold improvements                 Over the lease term
        Fixtures and fittings                  3–13 years
        Computer equipment                     1–4 years
        Audio equipment                        1–4 years

        Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of plant and equipment is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
        or loss.




94
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 12. Right‑of‑use assets

                                                                                                                 Group
                                                                                                            2020            2019
                                                                                                           $’000           $’000
Non‑current assets
Land and buildings – right‑of‑use                                                                          32,963          25,838
Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                              (9,637)         (3,916)

                                                                                                           23,326           21,922



Reconciliations
Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                                                                                         Land and
                                                                                                                         buildings
Group                                                                                                                      $’000
Balance at 1 January 2019                                                                                                   11,820
Additions on adoption of AASB 16                                                                                            14,018
Exchange differences                                                                                                               31
Depreciation expense                                                                                                        (3,947)

Balance at 31 December 2019                                                                                                 21,922
Additions                                                                                                                   9,255
Disposals                                                                                                                      (361)
Exchange differences                                                                                                           (706)
Depreciation expense                                                                                                        (6,784)

Balance at 31 December 2020                                                                                                23,326


For other AASB 16 and lease related disclosures refer to the following:
•   Refer to note 5 for interest on lease liabilities and other lease payments;
•   Refer to note 17 for lease liabilities at 31 December 2020;
•   Refer to note 24 for maturity analysis of lease liabilities; and
•   Refer to the consolidated statement of cash flows for repayment of lease liabilities.



    Accounting policy
    A right‑of‑use asset is recognised at the commencement date of a lease. The right‑of‑use asset is measured at cost,
    which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability, adjusted for, as applicable, any lease payments made at or before
    the commencement date net of any lease incentives received. Right‑of‑use assets are subject to impairment or adjusted
    for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The leases have varying terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights.
    On renewal, the lease terms are re‑negotiated.

    Depreciation is charged on a straight‑line basis over the term of the lease. The Group leases land and buildings for its
    offices under lease agreements of between three and 11 years. Options to extend are assessed for reasonable certainty
    in assessing the term of the lease to charge the depreciation expense.




                                                                                                           Appen 2020 Annual Report     95
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 13. Intangibles

                                                         Group
                                                    2020           2019
                                                   $’000          $’000
     Non‑current assets
     Goodwill – at cost                          262,802         288,772

     Systems implementation – at cost                 4,979        5,419
     Less: Accumulated amortisation                (3,260)        (3,050)
                                                      1,719        2,369

     Platform development – at cost               104,163         87,772
     Less: Accumulated amortisation               (35,314)       (15,007)
                                                   68,849         72,765

     Customer relationships – at cost              40,861        44,909
     Less: Accumulated amortisation               (15,736)        (11,209)
                                                   25,125        33,700

     Brand – at cost                                   778           855
     Less: Accumulated amortisation                    (681)         (321)
                                                        97           534

     Customer contracts – at cost                     3,077        3,369
     Less: Accumulated amortisation                (3,008)        (3,223)
                                                        69           146

     Other intangibles – at cost                      1,180          716
     Less: Accumulated amortisation                   (453)         (426)
                                                       727          290

                                                  359,388        398,576




96
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 13. Intangibles (continued)

Reconciliations
Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year are set out below:



                                      Systems        Platform      Customer
                                    implemen‑        develop‑       relation‑                   Customer            Other
                        Goodwill        tation          ment            ships        Brand      contracts     intangibles        Total
Group                    $’000          $’000          $’000          $’000          $’000        $’000            $’000        $’000
Balance at
1 January 2019            81,055          2,786          3,245        31,709               –           211           138        119,144
Additions                       –           104         12,109              –              –             –            187       12,400
Additions
through business
combinations            203,452                –       70,485          7,699            855              –              –      282,491
Exchange
differences                4,265             22           (239)          243              6              7             (2)       4,302
Amortisation
expense                         –          (543)       (12,835)        (5,951)         (327)           (72)           (33)       (19,761)

Balance at
31 December 2019         288,772          2,369         72,765       33,700             534            146           290       398,576
Additions                       –            49         24,274              –              –             –           495         24,818
Exchange
differences              (25,970)           (156)        (4,148)       (2,371)            (1)           (4)           (14)     (32,664)
Amortisation
expense                         –          (543)      (24,042)        (6,204)          (436)           (73)           (44)      (31,342)

Balance at
31 December 2020        262,802            1,719       68,849         25,125             97            69            727      359,388


The at cost movement in goodwill, customer relationships, brand and customer contracts during the year relates to foreign
exchange currency movements only.

The additions for systems implementation, platform development and other intangibles in 2020 relates to costs incurred
in relation to development of the Group’s platforms and databases. These strategic investments were made to enhance our
comparative advantage and market leading position in product development, and were capitalised in accordance with the
recognition criteria outlined in the Group’s accounting policy (see next page).


Impairment testing of intangible assets
At 31 December 2020, the recoverable amount, being the net amount of discounted future cash flows, materially exceeds the
carrying value of assets in the Relevance and Speech & Image cash generating unit(s).

Goodwill relates to the acquisition of Butler Hill, Inc. (Butler Hill), Leapforce, RaterLabs and Figure Eight in the United States,
and Mendip Media Group Limited (MMG) in the United Kingdom. The recoverable amount of this business, at balance date,
was estimated based on its value in use.




                                                                                                                Appen 2020 Annual Report    97
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2020




     Note 13. Intangibles (continued)

     Butler Hill, Leapforce, RaterLabs and Figure Eight
     Value in use for the Relevance cash‑generating unit (CGU) was determined by discounting the future cash flows to be generated
     from the Relevance division and is based on the following key assumptions:
     •   Cash flows were projected based on forecast operating results over a five‑year period;
     •   Average annual revenue growth rates of 6.8% for 2021 to 2025 were used for revenue projections. This growth was referenced
         against the average annual historical growth rates over the past five years and the long‑term growth rate of the industry.
         We have considered the impact of the COVID‑19 pandemic in determining this projected revenue growth rate. All future years
         of the model use a constant rate of 3%; and
     •   A pre‑tax discount of 14.2% based on the weighted average cost of capital.

     The Goodwill carrying value of $261,072,000 (2019: $282,959,000) has been allocated to the Relevance CGU.

     Mendip Media Group Limited
     Value in use for the Speech & Image CGU was determined by discounting the future cash flows to be generated from
     Speech & Image division and is based on the following key assumptions:
     •   Cash flows were projected based on forecast operating results over a five year period;
     •   Average annual revenue growth rates of 5% for 2021 to 2025 were used for revenue projections. This growth was referenced
         against average annual historical growth rates over the past five years and the long‑term growth rate of the industry.
         We have considered the impact of the COVID‑19 pandemic in determining this projected revenue growth rate. All future years
         of the model use a constant rate of 3%; and
     •   A pre‑tax discount rate of 17.1% based on weighted average cost of capital.

     The Goodwill carrying value of $1,730,000 (2019: $1,837,000) has been allocated to the Speech & Image CGU.

     For both the Relevance and Speech & Image CGU, no reasonable possible change in key assumptions would result in impairment.



         Critical accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
         Capitalisation of platform development costs
         The Group uses a degree of judgement in order to determine if platform development costs satisfy the recognition and
         measurement criteria to be capitalised as an asset in accordance with AASB 138 Intangible Assets. This includes a review
         of project‑plan related documentation and timesheets for engineering personnel.

         Goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets
         The Group tests annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
         be impaired and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. The recoverable amounts of cash‑generating
         units have been determined based on value‑in‑use calculations. These calculations require the use of assumptions,
         including estimated discounted rates based on the current cost of capital and growth rates of the estimated future
         cash flows.




         Accounting policy
         General
         Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense when incurred.

         Development costs (for example, platform development costs) are capitalised when the Group can demonstrate all of the
         following: the technical feasibility of completing the asset so that it is available for use or sale; the intention to complete
         the asset and use or sell it; the ability to use or sell it; how the asset will generate probable future economic benefits; the
         availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the asset;
         and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the asset during its development.




98
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 13. Intangibles (continued)


  Accounting treatment
  Goodwill
  Goodwill arises on the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortised. Instead, goodwill is tested annually for
  impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired and it is carried
  at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are taken to profit or loss and are not
  subsequently reversed.

  Systems implementation
  Significant costs on systems implementation are deferred and amortised on a straight‑line basis over the period of their
  expected benefit, being the finite life of seven years.

  Platform development
  Platform development costs are capitalised at the direct costs incurred and amortised on a straight‑line basis over the
  period of their expected benefit being their finite life from three to seven years. Amortisation starts at the time that the
  new feature or enhancement is activated and is used by both internal and external customers. The capitalised costs of
  platform enhancements include the direct costs of internal staff and any supporting software acquired from a third party.

  Customer relationships
  Customer relationships acquired in a business combination are amortised on a straight‑line basis over the period of their
  expected benefit, being their finite life of seven to 10 years.

  Brand
  Brand names acquired in a business combination are amortised on a straight‑line basis over the period of their expected
  benefit, being their finite life of two years.

  Customer contracts
  Customer contracts acquired in a business combination are amortised on a straight‑line basis over the period of their
  expected benefit, being their finite life of five years.

  Other intangibles
  Costs in relation to other intangibles are capitalised as an asset and amortised on a straight‑line basis over the period
  of their expected benefit being three to five years.

  Off‑the‑shelf databases are internally generated intangibles and are capitalised only if they meet all of the criteria
  stated above with respect to development costs. Costs are capitalised at the direct costs incurred and amortised
  on a straight‑line basis over the period of their expected benefit being their finite life of seven years. Amortisation
  starts at the time that the database is available for use or sale to external customers.




                                                                                                           Appen 2020 Annual Report   99
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 14. Trade and other payables

                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                                             $’000          $’000
      Current liabilities
      Trade payables                                                                                         28,284            24,974
      Other payables and accrued expenses                                                                   29,008          35,440

                                                                                                             57,292            60,414


      Refer to note 24 for further information on financial instruments.



          Accounting policy
          Trade and other payables are measured at amortised cost and are not discounted, due to their short‑term nature.
          The amounts are unsecured and usually paid within agreed payment terms.




      Note 15. Contract liabilities

                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                                             $’000          $’000
      Current liabilities
      Invoices issued/deposits received in advance                                                            9,675            22,122

      Reconciliation
      Reconciliation of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous
      financial year are set out below:

      Opening balance                                                                                        22,122             1,535
      Payments received in advance                                                                           18,760            21,870
      Transfer from/(to) revenue                                                                            (28,876)           (1,234)
      Revaluation                                                                                             (2,331)             (49)

      Closing balance                                                                                         9,675            22,122



      Unsatisfied performance obligations
      The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied at the end
      of the reporting period was $9,675,000 as at 31 December 2020 ($22,122,000 as at 31 December 2019) and is expected
      to be recognised as revenue in future periods as follows:

                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                                             $’000          $’000
      Less than 3 months                                                                                       2,211              314
      Over 3 months                                                                                           7,464            21,808

                                                                                                              9,675            22,122


100
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 15. Contract liabilities (continued)


    Accounting policy
    Contract liabilities represent the Group’s obligations to render services to a customer and reflects the value of advance
    payments made by customers who have been invoiced for services that will be provided in the future, and are recognised
    when the customer pays consideration or when the Group recognises a receivable to reflect its unconditional right
    to consideration (whichever is earlier) before the Group has transferred the goods or services to a customer.

    The Group does not disclose further qualitative information related to remaining performance obligations, as they
    are either part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less; or the associated revenue
    is recognised in the amount of which the Group has a right to invoice.




Note 16. Borrowings

                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020            2019
                                                                                                             $’000           $’000
Non‑current liabilities
Facility A (Senior debt)                                                                                           –                 –
Facility C (Acquisition funding)                                                                                   –                 –

                                                                                                                   –                 –

Movements in borrowings
Movements in each class of borrowings during the current and previous financial year,
are set out below:

Facility A (Senior debt)
Carrying amount at the start of the year                                                                           –        56,330
Amount borrowed                                                                                                    –            698
Less: amount repaid                                                                                                –        (57,028)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                             –                 –

Facility C (Acquisition funding)
Carrying amount at the start of the year                                                                           –                 –
Amount borrowed                                                                                             39,040                   –
Revaluation                                                                                                  (3,945)                 –
Less: amortised borrowing costs                                                                                (966)                 –
Less: amount repaid                                                                                         (34,129)                 –
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                             –                 –


Refer to note 24 for further information on financial instruments.


Facility A
The facility was established in December 2017 and varied in April 2019, with a limit of US$20 million. This facility has a four
year term with a bullet repayment at the end of the term and is not subject to annual review. The facility was used to fund
the Leapforce acquisition. This facility attracts interest at a margin over bank reference rates, based on the net leverage ratio.




                                                                                                             Appen 2020 Annual Report    101
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 16. Borrowings (continued)

      Facility C
      The facility was established in April 2019 with a limit of US$90 million. The facility has a four‑year term with a bullet repayment
      at the end of the term and is not subject to annual review.

      During the year, the facility was used to fund the earn out payment for the Figure Eight acquisition. The facility is available for
      general corporate needs of the Group, limited to the amount drawn down for the earn out payment. Post the drawdown, the
      facility limit has been reduced to the amount drawn down for the earn out payment and can be re‑drawn for other purposes.
      The facility attracts interest at a margin over bank reference rates, based on the net leverage ratio.

      On 4 August 2020, the Group repaid the full debt. There is no amount owing under Facility C as at 31 December 2020.


      Financing arrangements
      Unrestricted access was available at the reporting date to the following lines of credit:

                                                                                                                          Group
                                                                                                                     2020             2019
                                                                                                                    $’000            $’000
      Total facilities
        Facility A (Senior debt)                                                                                    25,944           28,514
        Facility B (Working capital)                                                                               20,000          20,000
        Facility C (Acquisition funding)                                                                             31,310         128,312
                                                                                                                     77,254         176,826

      Used at the reporting date
        Facility A (Senior debt)                                                                                          –                 –
        Facility B (Working capital)                                                                                      –                 –
        Facility C (Acquisition funding)                                                                                  –                 –
                                                                                                                          –                 –

      Unused at the reporting date
        Facility A (Senior debt)                                                                                    25,944           28,514
        Facility B (Working capital)                                                                               20,000          20,000
        Facility C (Acquisition funding)                                                                             31,310         128,312
                                                                                                                     77,254         176,826




          Accounting policy
          Loans and other borrowings are initially recognised at fair value of the consideration received, net of transaction costs.
          They are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.




102
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 17. Lease liabilities

                                                                                                                 Group
                                                                                                             2020            2019
                                                                                                            $’000           $’000
Current liabilities
Lease liability                                                                                              6,532           4,648

Non‑current liabilities
Lease liability                                                                                             18,705           18,043


Per AASB 16, the Group has recognised the financial liabilities representing the obligation to make future lease payments across
the lease contract terms.



    Accounting policy
    The Group recognises lease liabilities for contracts identified as containing a lease, except when the lease is for 12 months
    or less or the underlying asset is of low value.

    Payments associated with short‑term leases and leases of low value assets are recognised on a straight‑line basis
    as an expense in the profit or loss.

    Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted at the Group’s
    incremental borrowing rate or borrowing rate relevant for the jurisdiction of the lease. Subsequently, the carrying value
    of the liability is adjusted to reflect interest and lease payments made. If the borrowing rate for the jurisdiction of the
    lease cannot be determined, then the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used. Lease liabilities may be measured when
    there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or market rate, or if there is a change in the
    Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable.

    The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are expensed in the period in which they are
    incurred. Variable lease payments may include rent concessions in the form of rent forgiveness or a waiver as a direct
    consequence of the COVID‑19 pandemic and which relate to payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021.




                                                                                                            Appen 2020 Annual Report   103
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 18. Employee benefits

                                                                                                                      Group
                                                                                                                  2020           2019
                                                                                                                 $’000          $’000
      Current liabilities
      Annual leave                                                                                               4,230           2,050

      Non‑current liabilities
      Long service leave                                                                                            565             431




          Accounting policy
          Short‑term employee benefits
          These are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the employees render the related service and include
          wages, salaries and sick leave. These are measured at the undiscounted amounts expected to be paid when the
          obligation is settled.

          Other long‑term employee benefits
          Provision is made for long service leave not expected to be settled within 12 months after balance date in which the
          employees render the related service. Long‑term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the expected
          future payments to be made to employees.

          Expected future payments incorporate anticipated future wage and salary levels, duration of service and employee
          departures and are discounted at rates determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on high
          quality corporate bonds that have maturity dates that approximate the terms of the obligations. Any re‑measurements for
          changes in assumptions of obligations for long‑term employee benefits are recognised in profit or loss in the periods for
          which the changes occur.




      Note 19. Other liabilities

                                                                                                                      Group
                                                                                                                  2020           2019
                                                                                                                 $’000          $’000
      Current liabilities
      Earn‑out liability in respect of Figure Eight acquisition                                                       –         32,368
      Earn‑out adjustment in respect of Figure Eight employees                                                        –           4,477
      Other current liabilities                                                                                     100           1,298
                                                                                                                    100          38,143

      Non‑current liabilities
      Other non‑current liabilities                                                                                   –           1,069


      During the year, $39,040,000 was paid to settle the Figure Eight earn‑out liability (refer note 16), with $4,059,000 being released
      as a gain to the statement of profit or loss as Figure Eight earn‑out adjustment and $1,353,000 recognised as an expense in the
      statement of profit or loss as deemed interest on earn‑out liability. See note 16 for further details.




104
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 20. Issued capital

                                                                                                  Group
                                                                              2020              2019          2020           2019
                                                                             Shares           Shares         $’000          $’000
Ordinary shares – fully paid                                             122,345,605    121,107,755         362,138        362,138



Movements in ordinary share capital
Details                                                                       Date                           Shares         $’000
Balance                                                                       1 January 2019           106,599,647          69,602
Issue of shares on exercise of options                                        11 March 2019                 40,900              20
Issue of shares on exercise of performance rights                             11 March 2019                 332,697               –
Issue of shares to fund acquisition of Figure Eight Technologies, Inc.        18 March 2019               13,255,814      285,000
Share issue transaction costs – Figure Eight acquisition                      2 April 2019                        –          (7,486)
Issue of shares under Share Purchase Plan to fund acquisition
of Figure Eight Technologies, Inc.                                            10 April 2019                 697,761         15,002
Issue of shares on exercise of performance rights                             4 June 2019                   50,000                –
Issue of shares on exercise of performance rights                             29 August 2019                  7,033               –
Issue of shares as contingent consideration on acquisition
of Leapforce, Inc and RaterLabs, Inc.                                         9 December 2019               123,903               –

Balance                                                                       31 December 2019          121,107,755        362,138
Issue of shares on exercise of performance rights                             25 February 2020              541,215               –
Issue of shares on exercise of performance rights                             29 June 2020                    7,033               –
Issue of shares as contingent consideration on acquisition
of Leapforce, Inc and RaterLabs, Inc.                                         7 December 2020               681,468               –
Issue of shares on exercise of performance rights                             7 December 2020                  8,134              –

Balance                                                                       31 December 2020         122,345,605         362,138



Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion
to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. The fully paid ordinary shares have no par value and the Company does
not have a limited amount of authorised capital.

On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each share
shall have one vote.


Share buy‑back
There is no current on‑market share buy‑back.




                                                                                                             Appen 2020 Annual Report   105
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 20. Issued capital (continued)

      Capital risk management
      The Group’s objectives when managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can provide
      returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost
      of capital.

      Capital is regarded as total equity, as recognised in the statement of financial position. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings
      less cash and cash equivalents.

      In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return
      capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

      The Group would raise capital when an opportunity to invest in a business or company was seen as value adding relative to the
      current Company’s share price at the time of the investment.

      The capital risk management policy remains unchanged from the 31 December 2019 Annual Report.



         Accounting policy
         Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

         Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax,
         from the proceeds.




      Note 21. Reserves

                                                                                                                        Group
                                                                                                                    2020           2019
                                                                                                                   $’000          $’000
      Common control reserve                                                                                        (1,416)         (1,416)
      Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                        (39,615)          13,114
      Share‑based payments reserve                                                                                 38,515         20,653
      Profits reserve                                                                                             128,261         89,304
      Other reserves                                                                                                1,859           1,859

                                                                                                                 127,604          123,514



      Common control reserve
      The reserve represents the difference between the consideration transferred by the Company for the acquisition of commonly
      controlled entities and the existing book value of those entities immediately prior to the acquisition.


      Foreign currency translation reserve
      The reserve is used to recognise exchange differences arising from translation of the financial statements of foreign operations
      to Australian dollars. The movement during the 2020 year is mainly comprised of the exchange rate translation impact of US
      Dollar balances into Australian Dollars for US denominated intangibles (refer note 13) and intercompany balances (refer note 29
      and note 32).


      Share‑based payments reserve
      The reserve is used to recognise the value of equity benefits provided to employees and directors as part of their remuneration.




106
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 21. Reserves (continued)

Profits reserve
The Profits reserve represents current year profits transferred to a reserve to preserve the characteristic as a profit so as
to quarantine from being appropriated against prior year accumulated losses. Such profits are available to enable payment
of franked dividends in the future should the directors declare so by resolution.


Other reserves
This reserve represents the equity settled portion of contingent consideration together with any capital raising expenses that
are allocated to equity, in connection with the acquisition of Butler Hill.


Movements in reserves
Movements in each class of reserve during the current and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                            Foreign
                                          Common           currency Share‑based
                                           control       translation   payments             Profits          Other          Total
Group                                       $’000            $’000        $’000             $’000           $’000          $’000
Balance at 1 January 2019                     (1,416)        10,433          5,996          56,796           1,859         73,668
Foreign currency translation                       –          2,681               –               –               –          2,681
Share‑based payments                               –              –          14,657               –               –         14,657
Transfer from accumulated losses                   –              –               –          41,611               –          41,611
Dividends paid                                     –              –               –          (9,103)              –         (9,103)

Balance at 31 December 2019                    (1,416)        13,114        20,653          89,304           1,859         123,514
Foreign currency translation                       –        (52,729)              –               –               –        (52,729)
Share‑based payments                               –              –          17,862               –               –         17,862
Transfer from accumulated losses                   –              –               –         50,514                –        50,514
Dividends paid                                     –              –               –         (11,557)              –         (11,557)

Balance at 31 December 2020                   (1,416)       (39,615)        38,515         128,261           1,859        127,604




   Accounting policy
   Foreign currency translation reserve
   The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates at reporting
   date. The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars using the average exchange
   rates, which approximate the rates at the transaction dates for the year. All resulting foreign exchange differences are
   recognised in other comprehensive income through the foreign currency translation reserve. The Group’s intangible
   assets and inter‑company receivables held by the Australian entities, are both denominated in US Dollars and the
   AUD/USD exchange rate increased from 70 cents at 31 December 2019 to 77 cents at 31 December 2020. Refer note 24
   for further information.

   Share‑based payments reserve
   The Group had a number of share‑based payment arrangements that were granted to employees during FY20 and
   earlier years. The fair value of these arrangements was deemed to be a function of the number of rights granted and the
   share price at grant date.

   Profits reserve
   Profits after income tax expense for the year are transferred to the profits reserve to facilitate the payment of dividends
   in the future. Refer note 22 for further information.




                                                                                                           Appen 2020 Annual Report    107
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 22. Accumulated losses

                                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                                   $’000           $’000
      Accumulated losses at the beginning of the financial year                                                    (3,870)          (3,870)
      Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                                 50,514           41,611
      Transfer to profits reserve                                                                                 (50,514)          (41,611)

      Accumulated losses at the end of the financial year                                                          (3,870)          (3,870)




      Note 23. Dividends

      Dividends
      Dividends paid during the financial year were as follows:

                                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                                   $’000           $’000
      2019 final dividend of 5.0 cents per ordinary share (2019: 2018 final dividend of 4.0 cents)                  6,082           4,264
      2020 interim dividend of 4.5 cents per ordinary share (2019: 2019 interim dividend of 4.0 cents)              5,475           4,839

                                                                                                                    11,557           9,103



      Dividend declared
      On 24 February 2021, the Company declared a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020 of 5.5 cents per share,
      partially franked. The dividend is to be paid out of the profits reserve. The record date for determining entitlements to the dividend
      is 2 March 2021 and the payment date is 19 March 2021. The financial effect of these dividends has not been brought to account
      in the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and will be recognised in subsequent financial periods.


      Franking credits
                                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                                   $’000           $’000
      Franking credits available for subsequent financial years based on a tax rate of 30%                           1,313          2,386


      The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for:
      •   franking credits that will arise from the payment of the amount of the provision for income tax at the reporting date
      •   franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the reporting date
      •   franking credits that will arise from the receipt of dividends recognised as receivables at the reporting date



          Accounting policy
          Dividends are recognised when declared during the financial year and no longer at the discretion of the Company.




108
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 24. Financial instruments

Financial risk management objectives
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, price risk and interest
rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial
markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. The Group uses derivative
financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge certain foreign currency risk exposures. Derivatives
are exclusively used for hedging purposes, i.e. not as trading or other speculative instruments. The Group uses different methods
to measure different types of risk to which it is exposed. These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case of interest rate,
foreign exchange and other price risks and ageing analysis for credit risk.

Risk management is carried out by senior finance executives (finance) under policies approved by the Board of Directors
(the Board). These policies include identification and analysis of the risk exposure of the Group and appropriate procedures,
controls and risk limits. Finance identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks within the Group’s operating units. Finance reports
to the Board on a monthly basis.


Market risk
Foreign currency risk
The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currency and is exposed to foreign currency risk through
foreign exchange rate fluctuations.

Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised financial assets and financial liabilities
denominated in a currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The risk is measured using sensitivity analysis and cash
flow forecasting.

In order to protect against exchange rate movements, the Group has entered into forward foreign exchange contracts. These
contracts are hedging highly probable forecast cash flows for the ensuing financial year. Appen’s policy is to hedge at least 80%
of its US denominated revenues generated by its Speech & Image division for the subsequent 12 months.

The maturity, settlement amounts and the average contractual exchange rates of the Group’s outstanding forward foreign
exchange contracts and foreign exchange – collars at the reporting date were as follows:

                                                                            Sell Australian dollars        Forward exchange rates
                                                                                2020            2019            2020             2019
                                                                               $’000           $’000
FX Forward Contract
Sell United States dollars
Foreign exchange forward contract maturity:
0–3 months                                                                           –           5,841               –         0.6848
3–6 months                                                                           –           5,412               –         0.6842
6–12 months                                                                       973                 –       0.6952                 –

FX Option Contract
Sell United States dollars
Foreign exchange forward contract maturity:
0–3 months                                                                     13,140                 –       0.6849                 –
3–6 months                                                                     13,140                 –       0.6849                 –
6–12 months                                                                    13,140                 –       0.6849                 –




                                                                                                               Appen 2020 Annual Report   109
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 24. Financial instruments (continued)

      The average month end exchange rates and reporting date exchange rates applied were as follows:

                                                                                     Average                      Reporting date
                                                                                  exchange rates                  exchange rates
                                                                                   2020            2019           2020              2019
      Australian dollars
      United States Dollars                                                      0.6944          0.6960          0.7709            0.7014
      United Kingdom Pound Sterling                                              0.5380          0.5450          0.5648           0.5320
      European Economic and Monetary Union Euro                                  0.6053          0.6220          0.6286            0.6254
      Hong Kong Dollars                                                           5.3835         5.4505          5.9752            5.4610
      Philippine Pesos                                                           34.3651        35.9756         37.0645           35.5986
      Chinese Yuan                                                                4.7816         4.7993          5.0399            4.8856


      The carrying amount of the Group’s foreign currency denominated financial assets and financial liabilities at the reporting date
      were as follows:

                                                                                       Assets                       Liabilities
                                                                                   2020           2019            2020              2019
      Group                                                                       $’000          $’000           $’000             $’000
      United States Dollars                                                      135,297         182,652         32,967            27,226
      United Kingdom Pound Sterling                                                  736            1,194           353               116
      European Economic and Monetary Union Euro                                     1,810          3,922               –                 –
      Hong Kong Dollars                                                                 1              –               –                 –
      Philippine Pesos                                                              1,676          3,567            284              325
      Chinese Yuan                                                                 2,292             242             72              534

                                                                                  141,812        191,577         33,676            28,201


      The Group had financial net assets denominated in foreign currencies of $108,136,000 (2019: net assets of $163,376,000).
      Financial net assets exclude intangibles and intercompany balances.

      Based on this exposure, had the Australian dollar weakened by 10% or strengthened by 10% (2019: weakened by 10% or
      strengthened by 10%) against these foreign currencies with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit before tax for
      the year based on the assets denominated in foreign currency, excluding the translation difference for consolidated reporting
      purposes, and the Group’s equity would have been lower or higher by the following:

                                                          AUD strengthened                                  AUD weakened
                                                                  Effect                                          Effect
                                                               on profit          Effect                       on profit        Effect
                                                              before tax       on equity                      before tax     on equity
      Group – 2020                             % change          $’000            $’000       % change           $’000          $’000
      United States Dollars                           10%          (1,844)       (10,092)           10%           1,844           10,092
      United Kingdom Pound Sterling                   10%             (22)           (24)           10%              22               24
      European Economic and Monetary
      Union Euro                                      10%            (180)             (8)          10%             180                 8
      Philippine Pesos                                10%               –           (156)           10%               –              156
      Chinese Yuan                                    10%               –            (218)          10%               –              218

                                                                  (2,046)        (10,498)                         2,046           10,498




110
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 24. Financial instruments (continued)

                                                    AUD strengthened                                 AUD weakened
                                                              Effect                                        Effect
                                                           on profit          Effect                     on profit           Effect
                                                          before tax      on equity                     before tax       on equity
Group – 2019                              % change           $’000           $’000       % change          $’000            $’000
United States Dollars                           10%           (1,224)       (15,308)           10%            1,224         15,308
United Kingdom Pound Sterling                   10%              (10)            (98)          10%               10                98
European Economic and Monetary
Union Euro                                      10%             (392)              –           10%             392                  –
Philippine Pesos                                10%                –           (324)           10%                –            324
Chinese Yuan                                    10%                –             30            10%                –            (30)

                                                              (1,626)       (15,700)                          1,626         15,700


The percentage change is the expected overall volatility of the significant currencies, which is based on management’s
assessment of reasonable possible fluctuations taking into consideration movements over the last 12 months each year
and the spot rate at each reporting date.

Price risk
The Group is not exposed to any significant price risk.

Interest rate risk
The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from long‑term borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group
to interest rate risk.

As at the reporting date, the Group had no borrowings.


Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
Group. The Group has a strict code of credit, including obtaining agency credit information, confirming references and setting
appropriate credit limits. The Group obtains guarantees where appropriate to mitigate credit risk. The maximum exposure
to credit risk at the reporting date to recognised financial assets is the carrying amount, net of any provisions for impairment
of those assets, as disclosed in the statement of financial position and notes to the financial statements. The Group does not
hold any collateral.

The Group has adopted a lifetime expected loss allowance in estimating expected credit losses to trade receivables through
the use of a provisions matrix using fixed rates of credit loss provisioning. These provisions are considered representative across
all customers of the Group based on recent sales experience, historical collection rates and forward‑looking information that
is available.

Generally, trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators of this include the
failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan, no active enforcement activity and a failure to make contractual payments
for a period greater than one year.


Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk requires the Group to maintain sufficient liquid assets (mainly cash and cash equivalents) and available borrowing
facilities to be able to pay debts as and when they become due and payable.

The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves and available borrowing facilities by continuously
monitoring actual and forecast cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                            Appen 2020 Annual Report    111
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 24. Financial instruments (continued)

      Financing arrangements
      Unused borrowing facilities at the reporting date:

                                                                                                                         Group
                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                                   $’000           $’000
      Facility A (Senior debt)                                                                                     25,944           28,514
      Facility B (Working capital)                                                                                20,000          20,000
      Facility C (Acquisition funding)                                                                              31,310         128,312
                                                                                                                   77,254          176,826


      Remaining contractual maturities
      The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial instrument liabilities. The tables have been
      drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the financial liabilities
      are required to be paid. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows disclosed as remaining contractual maturities
      and therefore these totals may differ from their carrying amount in the statement of financial position.

                                                 Weighted                                                                     Remaining
                                                  average           1 year     Between 1       Between 2             Over    contractual
                                              interest rate         or less   and 2 years     and 5 years         5 years     maturities
      Group – 2020                                       %          $’000          $’000           $’000           $’000          $’000
      Non‑derivatives
      Non‑interest bearing
      Trade payables                                       –        28,284                –              –               –         28,284
      Other payables                                       –         5,836                –              –               –          5,836

      Interest‑bearing – fixed rate
      Lease liability                               4.30%            6,532           5,996           8,878           3,831         25,237
      Total non‑derivatives                                        40,652            5,996           8,878           3,831         59,357


                                                 Weighted                                                                      Remaining
                                                  average            1 year    Between 1       Between 2              Over    contractual
                                              interest rate         or less   and 2 years     and 5 years          5 years     maturities
      Group – 2019                                       %          $’000          $’000           $’000            $’000          $’000
      Non‑derivatives
      Non‑interest bearing
      Trade payables                                       –        24,974                –              –               –         24,974
      Other payables                                       –         3,586                –              –               –          3,586

      Interest‑bearing – fixed rate
      Lease liability                               4.90%            4,648           5,065           7,690           5,288          22,691
      Total non‑derivatives                                         33,208           5,065           7,690           5,288          51,251


      The cash flows in the maturity analysis above are not expected to occur significantly earlier than contractually disclosed above.




112
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 25. Fair value measurement

Fair value hierarchy
The following tables detail the Group’s assets and liabilities, measured or disclosed at fair value, using a three level hierarchy,
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement, being:
Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the
         measurement date.
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
         or indirectly.
Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

                                                                               Level 1        Level 2         Level 3           Total
Group – 2020                                                                   $’000           $’000           $’000           $’000
Assets
Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                   –           1,918               –             1,918
Total assets                                                                         –           1,918               –             1,918

Liabilities
Earn‑out liability in respect of Figure Eight acquisition                            –               –               –                –
Total liabilities                                                                    –               –               –                –


                                                                               Level 1        Level 2         Level 3           Total
Group – 2019                                                                   $’000          $’000            $’000           $’000
Assets
Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                   –             314               –              314
Total assets                                                                         –             314               –              314

Liabilities
Earn‑out liability in respect of Figure Eight acquisition                            –               –         36,845          36,845
Total liabilities                                                                    –               –         36,845          36,845


There were no transfers between levels during the financial year.

The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables and trade and other payables are assumed to approximate their fair values
due to their short‑term nature.


Valuation techniques for fair value measurements categorised within level 2
Derivative financial instruments have been valued using quoted market rates. This valuation technique maximises the use
of observable market data where it is available and relies as little as possible on entity specific estimates.




                                                                                                               Appen 2020 Annual Report    113
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 25. Fair value measurement (continued)

      Level 3 assets and liabilities
      Movements in level 3 assets and liabilities during the current and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                                                                                                Earn‑out
      Group                                                                                                                       $’000
      Balance at 1 January 2019                                                                                                            –
      Additions                                                                                                                   36,845

      Balance at 31 December 2019                                                                                                 36,845
      Additional interest                                                                                                              1,217
      Figure Eight purchase price adjustment                                                                                          (4,059)
      Figure Eight earn‑out liabilities paid out                                                                                 (39,040)
      Realised foreign exchange movement                                                                                              5,037

      Balance at 31 December 2020                                                                                                          –




          Accounting policy
          When an asset or liability is measured at fair value, the fair value is based on the price that would be received to sell
          an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date,
          and assumes the transaction will take place either in a principal or advantageous market.

          Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified into the three levels discussed above. External valuers may
          be used for recurring and non‑recurring fair value measurements when internal expertise is not available or the amount
          is material.




      Note 26. Key management personnel disclosures

      Compensation
      The aggregate compensation made to directors and other members of key management personnel of the Group is set out below:

                                                                                                                        Group
                                                                                                                      2020             2019
                                                                                                                         $                $
      Short‑term employee benefits                                                                             4,325,073        3,986,365
      Post‑employment benefits                                                                                   154,889          121,089
      Long‑term benefits                                                                                         143,796               96,111
      Share‑based payments                                                                                      5,113,585       4,025,787

                                                                                                               9,737,343        8,229,352


      Detailed remuneration disclosures are contained in the remuneration report section of the director’s report.




114
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 27. Remuneration of auditors

During the financial year, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by KPMG, the auditor of the Company,
and its network firms.

                                                                                                              Group
                                                                                                          2020            2019
Nature of service                                                                                            $               $
Auditors of the Group – KPMG
Audit and review of the financial statements – Group                                                   339,066         349,552
Audit of the financial statements – controlled entities                                                  28,146         22,958

Total audit services                                                                                    367,212        372,510

Other services – KPMG
Transfer pricing services                                                                               122,474        148,825
Tax compliance services                                                                                        –        52,002
Other compliance and assurance services                                                                 148,070          91,790

Total other services                                                                                   270,544          292,617

Total audit and other services                                                                          637,756         665,127




Note 28. Contingent liabilities

The Group has given bank guarantees as at 31 December 2020 of $613,000 (2019: $613,000) in satisfaction of its performance
obligations with respect to rental premises.



Note 29. Related party transactions

Parent entity
Appen Limited is the parent entity.


Subsidiaries
Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 31.


Key management personnel
Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in note 26 and the remuneration report included in the
directors’ report.


Loans to/from related parties
There were no formal loans to or from related parties at the current and previous reporting date, however there were
intercompany receivables and payables, in prior years, associated with the raising of equity and associated movement of funds
between the Australian and US entities in the Group in relation to the acquisition of Leapforce, RaterLabs and Figure Eight.




                                                                                                         Appen 2020 Annual Report   115
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 30. Parent entity information

      Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.


      Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                       Company
                                                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                                                                 $’000            $’000
      Profit after income tax                                                                                     18,272          11,840

      Total comprehensive income                                                                                  18,272          11,840



      Statement of financial position
                                                                                                                       Company
                                                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                                                                 $’000            $’000
      Total current assets                                                                                            3,342           86

      Total assets                                                                                               416,198         393,729

      Total current liabilities                                                                                       1,452        4,713

      Total liabilities                                                                                               1,452        3,572

      Net assets                                                                                                 414,746         390,157

      Equity
          Issued capital                                                                                        362,138          362,138
          Share‑based payments reserve                                                                            38,515         20,654
          Profits reserve                                                                                         17,839            11,111
          Other reserves                                                                                              1,859        1,859
          Accumulated losses                                                                                     (5,605)          (5,605)

      Total equity                                                                                              414,746          390,157



      Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries
      The parent entity had a deed of cross guarantee in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2020 and
      31 December 2019.


      Contingent liabilities
      The parent entity had no contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.


      Capital commitments – Property, plant and equipment
      The parent entity had no material capital commitments for property, plant and equipment as at 31 December 2020 and
      31 December 2019.


      Significant accounting policies
      The accounting policies of the parent entity are consistent with those of the Group except for the following:
      •    Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost, less any impairment, in the parent entity.
      •    Dividends received from subsidiaries are recognised as other income by the parent entity.



116
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 31. Interests in subsidiaries

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance
with the accounting policy below:

                                                                                                             Ownership interest
                                                       Principal place of business/                             2020            2019
Name                                                   Country of incorporation                                    %              %
Appen Butler Hill Pty Limited                          Australia                                                100%            100%
Appen Financial Services Pty Ltd                       Australia                                                100%            100%
Appen Butler Hill Inc.   1
                                                       United States of America                                 100%            100%
Leapforce Inc.                                         United States of America                                 100%            100%
RaterLabs Inc.                                         United States of America                                 100%            100%
Figure Eight Technologies Inc.                         United States of America                                 100%            100%
Figure Eight Federal LLC                               United States of America                                 100%            100%


                                                                                                             Ownership interest
                                                       Principal place of business/                             2020            2019
Name                                                   Country of incorporation                                    %              %
Appen (Europe) Limited 1                               United Kingdom                                           100%            100%
Mendip Media Group Limited                             United Kingdom                                           100%            100%
Appen Butler Hill Limited    1
                                                       Hong Kong                                                100%            100%
Beijing Appen Technology Co., Ltd 1                    China                                                    100%            100%
Appen Technology (WuXi) Co.Ltd                         China                                                    100%            100%
Appen Data Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd               China                                                    100%            100%

1 Wholly‑owned subsidiaries of Appen Butler Hill Pty Limited.




    Accounting policy
    The consolidated financial report incorporates all of the assets, liabilities and results of Appen Limited and all of the
    subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has
    rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
    over the entity.

    The assets, liabilities and results of all subsidiaries are fully consolidated into the financial statements of the Group from
    the date on which control is obtained by the Group. Acquisition of subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition
    method of accounting. A change in ownership interest without the loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction,
    where the difference between the consideration transferred and the book value of the share of the non‑controlling interest
    acquired is recognised as directly attributable to the parent.

    The consolidation of a subsidiary is discontinued from the date control ceases. When the Group loses control over
    a subsidiary, it de‑recognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and any related non‑controlling interest and
    other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in the former
    subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost. Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains
    or losses on transactions between Group members/subsidiaries are fully eliminated on consolidation. Accounting policies
    of subsidiaries have been changed and adjustments made where necessary to ensure uniformity of the accounting
    policies adopted by the Group.




                                                                                                              Appen 2020 Annual Report   117
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 32. Deed of cross guarantee

      The following entities are party to a deed of cross guarantee under which each Company guarantees the debts of the others:
      Appen Limited
      Appen Butler Hill Pty Limited

      By entering into the deed, the wholly‑owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to prepare financial statements
      and directors’ report under Corporations Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

      The above Companies represent a ‘Closed Group’ for the purposes of the Corporations Instrument, and as there are no other
      parties to the deed of cross guarantee that are controlled by Appen Limited, they also represent the ‘Extended Closed Group’.

      Set out below is a consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and statement of financial position
      of the ‘Closed Group’.

                                                                                                                             2020             2019
      Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income                                                            $’000            $’000
      Revenue                                                                                                               58,752           70,244
      Services purchased – data collection                                                                                  (2,599)          (6,308)
      Employee expenses                                                                                                   (32,080)           (27,762)
      Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                                 (3,502)           (2,770)
      Travel expense                                                                                                          (264)            (1,153)
      Professional fees                                                                                                     (2,358)          (2,893)
      Rent and occupancy expense                                                                                              (808)           (1,428)
      Communication expense                                                                                                 (2,985)          (3,366)
      Transaction costs                                                                                                         (36)          (3,210)
      Net foreign exchange loss    1
                                                                                                                           (23,051)                –
      Other expenses                                                                                                        (4,766)           (3,519)
      Finance costs                                                                                                          (1,622)         (3,548)

      Profit/(loss) before income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                     (15,319)         14,287
      Income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                                           7,078            (3,150)

      Profit/(loss) after income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                       (8,241)           11,137

      Other comprehensive income/(loss)
      Foreign currency translation                                                                                          (1,964)           5,476

      Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                                                            (1,964)           5,476

      Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                       (10,205)           16,613

      1 Per AASB 121, at an individual entity level, foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign denominated intercompany investment balances are
        recognised through profit or loss,but are reflected through other comprehensive income/foreign currency translation reserve on consolidation.




118
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 32. Deed of cross guarantee (continued)

                                                      2020           2019
Statement of financial position                      $’000          $’000
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                            20,551          18,616
Trade and other receivables                           5,193           2,142
Contract assets                                       2,132          2,594
Derivative financial instruments                       1,917            314
Income tax refund due                                 4,645             124
Prepayments                                             512            388
                                                    34,950           24,178
Non‑current assets
Investments accounted for using the equity method     7,629          7,630
Property, plant and equipment                         2,241           3,351
Right‑of‑use assets                                   7,200           8,168
Intangibles                                            1,821            168
Deferred tax                                          8,718           2,411
Intercompany loan                                   342,322        366,610
Prepayments                                             371            255
                                                    370,302        388,593

Total assets                                        405,252         412,771

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                              5,995          8,583
Contract liabilities                                   2,175           1,173
Income tax                                                 –          1,584
Provisions                                             1,621           998
                                                      9,791          12,338
Non‑current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                     7,834          8,546
Provisions                                              565             431
                                                      8,399           8,977

Total liabilities                                    18,190          21,315

Net assets                                          387,062        391,456

Equity
Issued capital                                      362,375        362,375
Reserves                                             24,687         29,081

Total equity                                        387,062        391,456




                                                     Appen 2020 Annual Report   119
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 33. Cash flow information

      Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash from operating activities
                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                              2020          2019
                                                                                                             $’000         $’000
      Profit after income tax expense for the year                                                           50,514          41,611

      Adjustments for:
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                         40,908         25,865
      Net loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                              (23)           30
      Share‑based payments                                                                                    18,147        19,204
      Foreign exchange differences                                                                           (10,137)        3,796
      Impairment movement on trade receivables                                                                  220              –
      Interest expense – deemed interest on earn‑out                                                          1,353         3,368
      Interest expense – right‑of‑use assets                                                                  1,276          1,020
      Transaction costs paid for acquisition                                                                   1,152         6,687
      Figure Eight earn‑out adjustment                                                                       (4,059)        (2,557)

      Change in operating assets and liabilities:
        Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables                                                   15,010        (48,508)
        Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                                       (5,156)       4,803
        Increase in employee benefits and provisions                                                          2,314          8,494
        Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                                         (12,447)          1,171
        Increase/(decrease) in provision for income tax                                                      (12,176)        4,251
        Increase/(decrease) in deferred tax liabilities                                                       6,677         (1,933)

      Net cash from operating activities                                                                     93,573        67,302




         Accounting policy
         Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or financing
         activities which are recoverable from, or payable to the tax authority, are presented as operating cash flows.




120
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 34. Earnings per share

                                                                                                               Group
                                                                                                           2020           2019
                                                                                                          $’000          $’000
Profit after income tax attributable to the owners of Appen Limited                                       50,514             41,611


                                                                                                        Number          Number
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic earnings per share              121,618,318     117,937,257
Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
  Rights over ordinary shares                                                                         2,039,642        2,333,771

Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted earnings per share           123,657,960     120,271,028


                                                                                                          Cents              Cents
Basic earnings per share                                                                                   41.53             35.28
Diluted earnings per share                                                                                40.85              34.60




   Accounting policy
   Basic earnings per share
   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of Appen Limited excluding any
   costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
   during the financial year.

   Diluted earnings per share
   Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account
   the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive positive ordinary shares and
   the weighted average number of shares assumed to have been issued for consideration in relation to dilutive potential
   ordinary shares.




                                                                                                         Appen 2020 Annual Report     121
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 35. Share‑based payments

      Performance rights
      Long‑term incentive plan
      The Company has developed a long term incentive plan (LTIP) which was effective from 1 January 2015.

      With respect to its Executives, the Board has taken a blended approach to the Australian and US practices. The key components
      of the LTI scheme are:
      •   annual grants of performance rights (with quantum determined at Board discretion).
      •   vesting conditions of:
          1.   underlying basic EPS (UBEPS) growth tested over three consecutive years, tested annually with 100% vesting where
               the UBEPS target is achieved, 50–80% vesting for 90–99% achievement (at Board discretion) and nil vesting below 90%
               achievement; and
          2. continuation of employment until the beginning of the calendar year in which the performance rights are subject
             to vesting.
      •   Performance rights lapse on cessation of employment before vesting. This means that no performance rights will be provided
          if an executive resigns, despite meeting the relevant performance hurdles.
      •   Three‑year performance periods, with grants consisting of three equal tranches each tested over a single 12‑month period.
      •   Australia‑based executives: performance rights vest at the end of the three‑year period subject to the achievement of the
          performance and continuous employment hurdles.
      •   US‑based executives: performance rights may vest annually, which is typical for US remuneration practices, subject to the
          achievement of the performance and continuous employment hurdles. A partial tranche may vest subject to achievement
          of performance and employment hurdles for grants issued during the year.
      •   Rights for which the performance condition is not satisfied in the annual testing are carried over for a maximum of two years
          and may vest if the equivalent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) is achieved. This ensures that management is focused
          on delivering financial returns for shareholders over the long‑term, but also acknowledges that investments may need
          to be made in certain years to achieve those returns.

      The fair value of the performance rights has been measured based on the share price at the date of the grant less the
      present value of the future dividend stream. The dividend stream has been based on a payout ratio of 30%–46%, discounted
      at a discount rate of 0.75%.

      An overview of all current performance rights plans and conditions in place for all employees, including executives, is disclosed
      in the following table.




122
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 35. Share‑based payments (continued)

Overview of Current Performance Rights and Conditions
                                                                             Perfor‑
                                                        Perfor‑              mance
                                                        mance                target                                                Value per
             Grant       Expiry   Exercise             measure‑ Performance measure‑          Target     Vesting       Vesting      right at
Plan         date        date 1    price     Tranche     ment      target   ment date        achieved   condition       date 2     grant date
2017       1 Mar 2017     N/A       N/A         1        UBEPS        10.0%       End 2017     Yes      Employed     1 Jan 2020      $2.58
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2020
2017       1 Mar 2017     N/A       N/A        2         UBEPS        10.0%       End 2018     Yes      Employed     1 Jan 2020      $2.58
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2020
2017       1 Mar 2017     N/A       N/A        3         UBEPS        10.0%       End 2019     Yes      Employed 25 Feb 2020         $2.58
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2020
2018       1 Jan 2018     N/A       N/A         1         N/A            No         N/A        Yes      Employed      1 Jan 2021    $17.60
                                                                    performance                          at 1 Jan
                                                                     condition                            2021
2018       20 Feb 2018    N/A       N/A         1        UBEPS        10.0%       End 2019     Yes      Employed      1 Jan 2021     $7.77
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2021
2018       20 Feb 2018    N/A       N/A        2         UBEPS        10.0%       End 2019     Yes      Employed      1 Jan 2021     $7.77
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2021
2018       20 Feb 2018    N/A       N/A        3         UBEPS        10.0%       End 2020     Yes      Employed Release of          $7.77
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                                          2021
2018 STI   30 Aug 2018    N/A       N/A        2        Relevance      N/A        End 2018     Yes        N/A        25 Feb 2019     $7.87
                                                       EBITDA and
                                                         EBITDA
                                                         margin
2018 STI   20 Dec 2018    N/A       N/A        3        Relevance      N/A        End 2019     Yes        N/A        25 Feb 2020    $12.83
                                                       EBITDA and
                                                         EBITDA
                                                         margin
2018       20 Feb 2018    N/A       N/A         1        UBEPS        20.0%       End 2019     Yes      Employed      1 Jan 2021     $7.81
Special                                                                                                  at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2021
2018       20 Feb 2018    N/A       N/A        2         UBEPS        20.0%       End 2019     Yes      Employed      1 Jan 2021     $7.81
Special                                                                                                  at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2021
2018       20 Feb 2018    N/A       N/A        3         UBEPS        20.0%       End 2020     Yes      Employed Release of          $7.81
Special                                                                                                  at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                                          2021
2019       31 Jan 2019    N/A       N/A         1        UBEPS        20.0%       End 2019     Yes      Employed      1 Jan 2022    $15.50
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2022
2019       31 Jan 2019    N/A       N/A        2         UBEPS        20.0%       End 2020     Yes      Employed      1 Jan 2022    $15.50
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2022
2019       31 Jan 2019    N/A       N/A        3         UBEPS        20.0%       End 2021   Pending    Employed Release of         $15.50
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                          2022
2019       31 Jan 2019    N/A       N/A         1        UBEPS        20.0%       End 2019     Yes      Employed 25 Feb 2020        $15.50
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2020
2019       31 Jan 2019    N/A       N/A        2         UBEPS        20.0%       End 2020     Yes      Employed Release of         $15.50
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                                          2021
2019       31 Jan 2019    N/A       N/A        3         UBEPS        20.0%       End 2021   Pending    Employed Release of         $15.50
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                          2022
2019       21 May 2019    N/A       N/A         1        UBEPS        20.0%       End 2019     Yes      Employed 25 Feb 2020        $23.91
                                                                                                         at 1 Jan
                                                                                                          2020




                                                                                                                    Appen 2020 Annual Report    123
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 35. Share‑based payments (continued)

                                                                                Perfor‑
                                                           Perfor‑              mance
                                                           mance                target                                              Value per
                Grant       Expiry   Exercise             measure‑ Performance measure‑       Target        Vesting     Vesting      right at
      Plan      date        date 1    price     Tranche     ment      target   ment date     achieved      condition     date 2     grant date
      2019   21 May 2019     N/A       N/A        2        UBEPS      20.0%       End 2020      Yes        Employed Release of       $23.91
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                                             2021
      2019   21 May 2019     N/A       N/A        3        UBEPS      20.0%       End 2021    Pending      Employed Release of       $23.91
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                             2022
      2019   22 July 2019    N/A       N/A         1       UBEPS      20.0%       End 2019      Yes        Employed 25 Feb 2020      $29.80
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan
                                                                                                             2020
      2019   22 July 2019    N/A       N/A        2        UBEPS      20.0%       End 2020      Yes        Employed Release of       $29.80
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                                             2021
      2019   22 July 2019    N/A       N/A        3        UBEPS      20.0%       End 2021    Pending      Employed Release of       $29.80
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                             2022
      2019   22 July 2019    N/A       N/A        4        UBEPS      20.0%       End 2022    Pending      Employed Release of       $29.80
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan 2022 results
                                                                                                             2023
      2020   19 Dec 2019     N/A       N/A         1       UBEPS      20.0%       End 2020    Pending      Employed     1 Jan 23     $23.37
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan
                                                                                                             2023
      2020   19 Dec 2019     N/A       N/A        2        UBEPS      20.0%       End 2021    Pending      Employed     1 Jan 23     $23.37
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan
                                                                                                             2023
      2020   19 Dec 2019     N/A       N/A        3        UBEPS      20.0%       End 2022    Pending      Employed Release of       $23.37
                                                                                                            at 1 Jan 2022 results
                                                                                                             2023
      2020    Jan to Mar     N/A       N/A         1       N/A or   0% to 20%     End 2020     Yes for     Employed Release of       $19.59
                2020                                       UBEPS                             rights with    at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                               no per‑       2021
                                                                                             formance
                                                                                              condition
      2020    Jan to Mar     N/A       N/A        2        N/A or   0% to 20%     End 2021    Pending      Employed Release of       $19.59
                2020                                       UBEPS                                            at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                             2022
      2020    Jan to Mar     N/A       N/A        3        N/A or   0% to 20%     End 2022    Pending      Employed Release of       $19.59
                2020                                       UBEPS                                            at 1 Jan 2022 results
                                                                                                             2023
      2019   30 Apr 2020     N/A       N/A         1        N/A          No         N/A       Pending      Employed    1 Jan 2022    $19.59
                                                                    performance                             at 1 Jan
                                                                     condition                               2022
      2020   30 Apr 2020     N/A       N/A         1       N/A or   0% to 20%     End 2020     Yes for     Employed Release of       $18.28
                                                           UBEPS                             rights with    at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                               no per‑       2021
                                                                                             formance
                                                                                              condition
      2020   30 Apr 2020     N/A       N/A        2        N/A or   0% to 20%     End 2021    Pending      Employed Release of       $18.28
                                                           UBEPS                                            at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                             2022
      2020   30 Apr 2020     N/A       N/A        3        N/A or   0% to 20%     End 2022    Pending      Employed Release of       $18.28
                                                           UBEPS                                            at 1 Jan 2022 results
                                                                                                             2023
      2020   30 Apr 2020     N/A       N/A         1       N/A or   0% to 20%     End 2020     Yes for     Employed     1 Jan 23     $18.28
                                                           UBEPS                             rights with    at 1 Jan
                                                                                               no per‑       2021
                                                                                             formance
                                                                                              condition
      2020   30 Apr 2020     N/A       N/A        2        N/A or   0% to 20%     End 2021    Pending      Employed     1 Jan 23     $18.28
                                                           UBEPS                                            at 1 Jan
                                                                                                             2022




124
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 35. Share‑based payments (continued)

                                                                                Perfor‑
                                                           Perfor‑              mance
                                                           mance                target                                                 Value per
               Grant       Expiry    Exercise             measure‑ Performance measure‑         Target        Vesting       Vesting     right at
Plan           date        date 1     price     Tranche     ment      target   ment date       achieved      condition       date 2    grant date
2020       30 Apr 2020         N/A     N/A        3        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2022     Pending      Employed Release of        $18.28
                                                           UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2022 results
                                                                                                               2023
2020         Apr to Jun        N/A     N/A         1       N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2020      Yes for     Employed Release of        $25.43
               2020                                        UBEPS                               rights with    at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                                 no per‑       2021
                                                                                               formance
                                                                                                condition
2020         Apr to Jun        N/A     N/A        2        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2021     Pending      Employed Release of        $25.43
               2020                                        UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                               2022
2020         Apr to Jun        N/A     N/A        3        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2022     Pending      Employed Release of        $25.43
               2020                                        UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2022 results
                                                                                                               2023
2020         Apr to Jun        N/A     N/A        4        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2023     Pending      Employed Release of        $25.43
               2020                                        UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2023 results
                                                                                                               2024
2020         Jul to Sep        N/A     N/A         1       N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2020      Yes for     Employed Release of        $34.99
               2020                                        UBEPS                               rights with    at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                                 no per‑       2021
                                                                                               formance
                                                                                                condition
2020         Jul to Sep        N/A     N/A        2        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2021     Pending      Employed Release of        $34.99
               2020                                        UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                               2022
2020         Jul to Sep        N/A     N/A        3        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2022     Pending      Employed Release of        $34.99
               2020                                        UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2022 results
                                                                                                               2023
2020         Jul to Sep        N/A     N/A        4        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2023     Pending      Employed Release of        $34.99
               2020                                        UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2023 results
                                                                                                               2024
2020        Oct to Dec         N/A     N/A         1       N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2020      Yes for     Employed Release of        $29.73
              2020                                         UBEPS                               rights with    at 1 Jan 2020 results
                                                                                                 no per‑       2021
                                                                                               formance
                                                                                                condition
2020        Oct to Dec         N/A     N/A        2        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2021     Pending      Employed Release of        $29.73
              2020                                         UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2021 results
                                                                                                               2022
2020        Oct to Dec         N/A     N/A        3        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2022     Pending      Employed Release of        $29.73
              2020                                         UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2022 results
                                                                                                               2023
2020        Oct to Dec         N/A     N/A        4        N/A or    0% to 20%     End 2023     Pending      Employed Release of        $29.73
              2020                                         UBEPS                                              at 1 Jan 2023 results
                                                                                                               2024
2020       25 Dec 2020         N/A     N/A         1        N/A          No           N/A       Pending      Employed     1 Jan 2023    $24.42
                                                                    performance                               at 1 Jan
                                                                     condition                                 2023

1 Rights are convertible to shares on the vesting dates, assuming all the performance conditions of the plan and the employment condition are
  met. If rights are not converted, they expire after eight years from the grant date.
2 Target achievement table:
  UBEPS Target Achieved                   % Performance Rights Allocated
  100% or more of UBEPS Target            100%
  90–99% of UBEPS Target 3                50–80%
  Less than 90%                           Nil
3 At the board’s discretion.




                                                                                                                         Appen 2020 Annual Report   125
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2020




      Note 35. Share‑based payments (continued)

      Set out below are summaries of performance rights granted under the plan:

      31 Dec 2020
                                                              Balance at                                       Expired/      Balance at
                                                              the start of                                    forfeited/     the end of
      Plan                                                       the year        Granted       Exercised           other       the year
      2017                                                        231,516               –        (231,516)              –                 –
      2018                                                        129,392               –         (2,445)          1,934            128,881
      2018 Special                                               264,067                –          (7,033)              –       257,034
      2018 STI                                                     83,333               –        (83,333)               –                 –
      2019                                                       1,169,107         91,623       (227,300)       (140,503)       892,927
      2020                                                               –     1,063,932           (4,755)       (18,283)     1,040,894

                                                                 1,877,415      1,155,555       (556,382)       (156,852)      2,319,736


      31 Dec 2019
                                                              Balance at                                        Expired/     Balance at
                                                              the start of                                     forfeited/    the end of
      Plan                                                       the year        Granted       Exercised            other      the year
      2016                                                       303,273                 –      (299,364)         (3,909)                 –
      2017                                                        252,327                –              –         (20,811)          231,516
      2018                                                        134,840                –              –          (5,448)       129,392
      2018 Special                                                443,792                –              –        (179,725)      264,067
      2018 STI                                                           –       166,666          (83,333)              –           83,333
      2019                                                               –     1,200,256                –         (31,149)      1,169,107

                                                                 1,134,232      1,366,922       (382,697)       (241,042)       1,877,415


      The weighted average remaining contractual life of performance rights outstanding at the end of the financial year was 1.17 years
      (2019: 1.17 years).



         Accounting policy
         The cost of equity‑settled transactions is measured at fair value on grant date. Fair value is determined using the vesting
         period, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield
         and the risk free interest rate for the term of the right.

         The cost of equity‑settled transactions is recognised as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity over the
         vesting period. The cumulative charge to profit or loss is calculated based on the grant date fair value of the award, the
         best estimate of the number of awards that are likely to vest and the expired portion of the vesting period. The amount
         recognised in profit or loss for the period is the cumulative amount calculated at each reporting date less amounts
         already recognised in previous periods.

         If equity‑settled awards are modified, an additional expense is recognised, over the remaining vesting period, for any
         modification that increases the total fair value of the share‑based compensation benefit as at the date of modification.

         If the non‑vesting condition is within the control of the Group or employee, the failure to satisfy the condition is treated
         as a cancellation. If the condition is not within the control of the Group or employee and is not satisfied during the vesting
         period, any remaining expense for the award is recognised over the remaining vesting period, unless the award is forfeited.

         If equity‑settled awards are cancelled, it is treated as if it has vested on the date of cancellation, and any remaining
         expense is recognised immediately. If a new replacement award is substituted for the cancelled award, the cancelled
         and new award is treated as if they were a modification.



126
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020




Note 36. Other information

COVID‑19 pandemic
Judgement has been exercised in considering the impacts that the COVID‑19 pandemic has had, or may have, on the Group
based on known information. This consideration extends to the nature of the products and services offered, customers, supply
chain, staffing and geographic regions in which the Group operates. The impact of the COVID‑19 pandemic is addressed in the
‘Operating and Financial Review’ section of the Directors’ report.



Note 37. Events after the reporting period

The impact of the COVID‑19 pandemic is ongoing, and there remains uncertainty as to when the global economy will recover.
The Group did not access any Government related grants during the year or to the date of signing this report.

Apart from the dividend declared as disclosed in note 23, no other matter or circumstance has arisen since 31 December 2020
that has significantly affected, or may significantly affect the Group’s operations, the results of those operations, or the Group’s
state of affairs in future financial years.




                                                                                                             Appen 2020 Annual Report   127
      Directors' declaration


      In the directors’ opinion:
      •   the attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the Australian Accounting Standards,
          the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements;
      •   the attached financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
          International Accounting Standards Board as described in the financial statements;
      •   the attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2020
          and of its performance for the financial year ended on that date;
      •   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
          payable; and
      •   at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Extended Closed Group
          will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross
          guarantee described in note 32 to the financial statements.

      The directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

      Signed in accordance with a resolution of directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.

      On behalf of the directors




      Christopher Vonwiller
      Director

      24 February 2021

      Sydney




128
Independent auditor's report
to the shareholders of Appen Limited




Report on the audit of the Financial Report


   Opinion
   We have audited the Financial Report of Appen Limited                   The Financial Report comprises
   (the Company).
                                                                           •   Consolidated Statement of financial position
   In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Report of the                    as at 31 December 2020
   Company is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,                •   Consolidated Statement of profit or loss and other
   including:                                                                  comprehensive income, Consolidated Statement
   •   giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial                    of changes in equity, and Consolidated Statement
       position as at 31 December 2020 and of its financial                    of cash flows for the year then ended
       performance for the year ended on that date; and                    •   Notes including a summary of significant accounting
   •   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and                      policies
       the Corporations Regulations 2001.                                  •   Directors’ Declaration.

                                                                           The Group consists of the Company and the entities
                                                                           it controlled at the year‑end or from time to time during
                                                                           the financial year.




   Basis for opinion
   We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit evidence we have
   obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

   Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
   Financial Report section of our report.

   We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
   Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
   Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled
   our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International
Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo are trademarks used under license by the
independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.



                                                                                                                     Appen 2020 Annual Report      129
      Independent auditor's report
      to the shareholders of Appen Limited




        Key Audit Matter
        The Key Audit Matter we
        identified was:                   Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most
        •   Revenue recognition           significance in our audit of the Financial Report of the current period.

                                          These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Financial Report as
                                          a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
                                          on these matters.




        Revenue recognition ($599.4m)

        Refer to Note 4 of the Financial Report
        The key audit matter                                              How the matter was addressed in our audit

        A substantial amount of the Group’s revenue relates               Our procedures included:
        to revenue from the rendering of services.                        •   We tested key controls in the Group’s revenue process
        We focused on revenue recognition as a key audit matter               including, management review and approval of sales
        due to the significant audit effort required to test the varied       invoices and monthly project reporting; and
        service revenue streams in the Group.                             •   We selected a statistical sample of speech and image
                                                                              projects in progress at year end. For the sample
        Our audit attention focused on revenue recognition from
                                                                              selected, we:
        the two largest service revenue streams:
                                                                              –   compared the total time and costs budgeted
        •   Revenue from the rendering of speech and image
                                                                                  to complete a customer project against the
            services; and
                                                                                  customer contract and project details provided
        •   Revenue from the rendering of relevance services.
                                                                                  by project managers;
        It is the Group’s policy to account for revenue generated             –   recalculated the percentage completion by
        from speech and image using contract accounting which                     checking the number of lines, utterances or images
        is based on:                                                              translated at year end to underlying project records
        •   The expected total time and costs to complete                         and compared this to the total number of lines,
            a customer project; and                                               utterances or images to be recognised as revenue
        •   The percentage completion of the project, which                       for the project as a whole; and
            is typically a count of the number of lines, utterances           –   checked the logged performance date of the
            or images completed compared to the total number                      above project work for allocation of work across
            of lines, utterances or images for the project as a whole.            financial years.

        These contracts are mainly short term in nature and similar       •   We assessed the accuracy of contract assets and
        amongst customers.                                                    receivables related to revenue from speech and image
                                                                              and relevance recognised on the balance sheet. We did
        A significant amount of contract assets related to revenue            this by matching underlying documentation of a sample
        generated from speech and image and relevance are                     of transaction activity subsequent to year end, such as
        recognised on the balance sheet due to a high volume                  records of completion, customer acknowledgement and
        of projects spanning across year end where work has been
                                                                              invoices raised, to relevant projects in contract assets
        performed but not yet invoiced to customer. Determining
                                                                              and receivables at year end.
        work completed required estimation, increasing the risk
        of revenue recognised in the incorrect period.                    •   We tested a statistical sample of transactions
                                                                              throughout the year and spanning across year end from
        Revenue generated from relevance segment involves                     both service revenue streams to underlying records
        a high volume of transactions with customers. It is the               such as sales invoices raised, records of completion and
        Group’s policy to account for this revenue as services are            customer acknowledgements or cash receipts in the
        completed and approved by the customer. We focused                    bank statement, to check revenue was recognised in the
        on transactions, throughout the year and spanning across              period the service was provided.
        year end, which have a higher risk of revenue being
        recognised in the incorrect period.

        Our audit effort reflects the volume of projects and
        transactions for these revenue streams.


130
Independent auditor's report
to the shareholders of Appen Limited




  Other Information
  Other Information is financial and non‑financial information in Appen Limited’s annual reporting which is provided
  in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are responsible for the Other Information.

  Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit
  opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related
  assurance opinion.

  In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information. In doing so,
  we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained
  in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

  We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, and based on
  the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we have
  nothing to report.




  Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
  The Directors are responsible for:
  •   preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and
      the Corporations Act 2001
  •   implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives a true and fair view
      and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error
  •   assessing the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of the going concern
      basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
      the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




  Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report
  Our objective is:
  •   to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material misstatement,
      whether due to fraud or error; and
  •   to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.

  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
  Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.

  Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
  reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the Financial Report.

  A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the Auditing and Assurance
  Standards Board website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms
  part of our Auditor’s Report.




                                                                                                           Appen 2020 Annual Report   131
      Independent auditor's report
      to the shareholders of Appen Limited




        Report on the Remuneration Report
        Opinion                                                          Directors’ responsibilities
        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Appen Limited         The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
        for the year ended 31 December 2020, complies with               preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
        Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.                       Report in accordance with Section 300A of the
                                                                         Corporations Act 2001.

                                                                         Our responsibilities
                                                                         We have audited the Remuneration Report included
                                                                         in pages 58 to 71 of the Directors’ report for the year
                                                                         ended 31 December 2020.

                                                                         Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                                                                         Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted
                                                                         in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




      KPMG                                                         Cameron Slapp
                                                                   Partner

                                                                   Sydney

                                                                   24 February 2021




132
Additional information


Additional information required under ASX Listing Rule 4.10 and not shown elsewhere in this Annual Report is as follows.
This information is current as at 29 January 2021.



Distribution of shareholders

The distribution of issued capital is as follows:

                                                                              Number of             Ordinary        % of issued
Size of holding                                                             shareholders              shares            capital
100,001 and over                                                                        41        84,593,229                 69.14
10,001 to 100,000                                                                     323           6,857,081                5.60
5,001 to 10,000                                                                       649          4,598,033                 3.76
1,001 to 5,000                                                                       7,100        15,158,340                12.39
1 to 1,000                                                                          40,175         11,138,922                 9.10
Total                                                                              48,288       122,345,605                100.00




Distribution of performance rights holders

The distribution of unquoted performance rights on issue is as follows:

                                                                              Number of             Unlisted         % of total
                                                                            performance        performance        performance
Size of holding                                                            rights holders             rights             rights
100,001 and over                                                                         5          1,019,879               43.97
10,001 to 100,000                                                                       29          650,068                 28.02
5,001 to 10,000                                                                        39            269,434                 11.61
1,001 to 5,000                                                                        130            336,613                 14.51
1 to 1,000                                                                             89              43,742                 1.89
Total                                                                                 292          2,319,736               100.00


The performance rights on issue are unquoted and have been issued under our employee incentive scheme.



Less than marketable parcels of ordinary shares

There are no shareholders with unmarketable parcels.




                                                                                                          Appen 2020 Annual Report   133
      Additional information



      Twenty largest shareholders

      The names of the twenty largest shareholders of quoted equity securities as at 29 January 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                           Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                       % of issued
                                                                                                    Number held            capital
      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                        33,122,566             27.07
      J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                       14,830,040               12.12
      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                     10,251,109             8.38
      C & J VONWILLER PTY LTD                                                                          9,060,286                7.41
      NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                          3,217,709             2.63
      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED‑GSCO ECA                                                2,668,890               2.18
      BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                     1,797,647              1.47
      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                              1,451,737              1.19
      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED – A/C 2                                                 1,442,390               1.18
      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT DRP>                                          634,109              0.52
      PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                                                      402,378              0.33
      NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                      385,350               0.31
      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                       364,881              0.30
      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                     356,013              0.29
      GINGA PTY LTD                                                                                      340,000               0.28
      NEW GREENWICH PTY LTD                                                                               332,384              0.27
      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                           243,983              0.20
      MR WILLIAM JOHN LAUKKA & MRS ELIZABETH ANNE LAUKKA                                                  240,229              0.20
      AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                                    232,196              0.19
      SANDHURST TRUSTEES LTD                                                                              223,779              0.18
                                                                                                       81,597,676             66.69
      Remaining quoted equity securities                                                               40,747,929             33.31
      Total number of ordinary shares on issue                                                       122,345,605             100.00




      Unquoted equity securities

      The Company had the following unquoted securities on issue as at 29 January 2021:

                                                                                                         Number           Number
                                                                                                         on issue       of holders
      Performance rights over ordinary shares                                                            2,319,736              292




134
Additional information



Substantial shareholders

The names of the Substantial Shareholders as disclosed in notices submitted to the ASX as at 29 January 2021 are:

                                                                                                    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                    % of issued
Shareholder                                                                                   Number held               capital
C & J Vonwiller Pty Limited                                                                      9,060,083                 7.45
Vanguard Group                                                                                    6,156,908                5.06




Restricted securities

The Company had the following restricted securities on issue as at 29 January 2021:

                                                                                                     Expiry            Number
Class                                                                                                 date            of shares
Ordinary shares, in respect of the Figure Eight acquisition                                     2 April 2021             27,919




Voting rights

In accordance with the Constitution each member present at a meeting whether in person, or by proxy, or by power of attorney,
or a duly authorised representative in the case of a corporate member, shall have one vote on a show of hands, and one vote for
each fully paid ordinary share, on a poll.

Holders of performance rights have no voting rights.



On‑market buy‑backs

There is no current on‑market buy‑back in relation to the Company’s securities.




                                                                                                        Appen 2020 Annual Report   135
      Corporate directory



      Registered office                      Auditor
      Level 6, 9 Help Street                 KPMG
      Chatswood NSW 2067                     Tower Three
      +61 2 9468 6300                        International Towers Sydney
      www.appen.com                          300 Barangaroo Avenue
                                             Sydney NSW 2000


      Company secretary                      Stock exchange listing
      Carl Middlehurst
                                             Appen Limited shares are listed on the
                                             Australian Securities Exchange (ASX code: APX)
      Investor relations
      +61 2 9468 6300                        Corporate Governance Statement
      investorrelations@appen.com
                                             www.appen.com/corporate‑governance
      www.appen.com/investors


      Shareholder enquiries
      Link Market Services
      Locked Bag A14
      Sydney South NSW 1235
      +61 1300 554 474
      registrars@linkmarketservices.com.au
      www.linkmarketservices.com.au




136
Designed and produced by ArmstrongQ
appen.com
