21 October 2021
Company Announcement



SCOTT TECHNOLOGY ANNOUNCES FY21 RESULTS: SOLID PERFORMANCE AS
2025 STRATEGY PASSES FIRST ANNIVERSARY
       Ongoing momentum as the Scott 2025 strategy becomes well established following its first
        year, with a streamlined cost structure, a focus on core areas of proven expertise, and
        improved performance
       Delivery of year‐on‐year increases in revenue and stronger gross margin percentages which
        both combine in the form of the Group’s highest EBITDA
       Revenue up 16% to $216.2m, gross margin up from 13% to 23%, EBITDA of $22.1m, and net
        profit after tax of $9.5m
       Strong programme of forward work with new system design and build contracts in Europe,
        USA, China, and Australasia, and continuing growth in product and service businesses
       Dividend of 4.0 cents per share declared

Automation and robotics solutions provider, Scott Technology Limited (NZX: SCT), has today released
its audited results for the twelve months to 31 August 2021 (FY21).

The results demonstrate double digit growth in both revenue and margin, affirming the progress made
with the Scott 2025 strategy, and as each of the regions reach different stages in their recovery from
COVID‐19. This has seen forward work programs transition in‐line with the business’s core focus areas,
as evidenced by today’s announcement of a NZ$20 million contract to deliver an automation solution
for a US‐based, leading global appliance manufacturer. This is supported by Scott’s established
repeatable products business, specifically across Rocklabs, BladeStop, Meat Processing and Materials
Handling. The shape of the business’s sales pipeline has similarly transitioned as the capability of its
sales teams matures in‐line with the strategy.

While all three of Scott’s categories have achieved significant revenue growth, it was the Products
category which grew the most (30%), taking its share of total revenue to 23%, up 250 basis points.
Rocklabs, Scott’s mining products and parts business, together with the BladeStop product revenues
into the meat industry, both showed strong growth on the prior year.

Service revenues across several key markets have also grown, with the Group up 11%, as the team
places increasing importance on executing up‐front service level agreements with key customers.
Growing Service is a strategic priority which is underpinned by a strong execution plan for FY22 and
beyond.

The streamlined operating cost structure now in place following last year’s restructuring activity, has
supported an increase in margins in each of the Scott regions.

Employee health and safety across the Group was once again a big focus for Scott, resulting in a large
increase in reported near‐misses. These are a forward‐looking indicator and enable the business to
avoid potential future risk. ‘Lag’ indicators of lost time injuries fell 63% at year end. This is great
progress and a result of the deep and sincere commitment from leadership, management, and
employees across the Scott Group.

Scott Technology Chief Executive Officer, John Kippenberger, says, “At Scott we are proud of our team,
together with our local and global partners. Through their combined efforts, we have successfully
recovered the base business operating performance from the harsh impacts of 2020, and we are
positively positioned to achieve sustained, profitable growth across our key industry sectors and
geographic regions for years to come.

“We will continue to progress our Scott 2025 strategy and focus our energy, talent and investment in
those areas where we believe we have proven world‐leading, technology, systems, and products.”


Results overview

 Results Snapshot
                                                  FY21             FY20            FY19
 $M
 Revenue                                          216.2           186.1            225.1
 EBITDA                                            22.1           (11.6)            20.0
 Non‐trading adjustments1                           0.0            11.9              0.0
 Normalised EBITDA                                 22.1             0.2             20.0
 Net Profit After Tax                               9.5           (17.5)             8.6
 Net Cash / (Debt)                                  1.3            (3.4)           (16.4)
 Net Cash / (Overdraft)                            12.2             7.7             (4.7)
 Bank Loans                                       (10.9)          (11.2)           (11.7)
 Operating Cash Flow                               13.4            19.6              0.7
1: Non trading adjustments in FY20 relate to impairment of assets and restructuring expenses.



FY21 revenue of $216.2m increased 16% on the prior comparative period (pcp) as Scott’s strategy of
generating more revenue from proven systems, products and service continued to deliver revenue
growth.

With an EBITDA of $22.1m, the Group reached its highest ever profit, superseding its pre‐COVID FY19
performance of $20.0m. This was despite lower revenue when compared to the same period,
reflecting margin growth as a result of the ongoing execution of the Scott 2025 strategy.

Margins increased from 8% in FY20, to 23% in FY21, as Scott focused on expanding repeatable
solutions, such as BladeStop and Rocklabs, whilst taking opportunities to increase price where their
customer proposition is strong. The Group also captured the benefit from last year’s significant right
sizing program, with employee numbers now sitting at 622 in FY21, down from 784 for FY19.

Net profit after tax (NPAT) for the year was $9.5m, significantly ahead of pcp and 10% higher than
FY19.

Operating cash flow of $13.4m was lower than the pcp of $19.6m as the company’s revenue growth,
in the form of higher trade debtors and contract work in progress, consumed a portion of the higher
net profit after tax ($9.5m) earned in FY21. The Group had cash in the bank of $12.2m on 31 August
2021.

The Group net debt position moved to a net cash balance of $1.3m, despite the demands on cash of
a growing top line.

In recognition of the progress made by the company, the Directors declared an (unimputed) dividend
of 4.0 cents per share, payable on 22 November 2021. The Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply.
COVID‐19 update

The disruptions from the global pandemic have impacted the many countries and continents in which
Scott operates, albeit to varying extents. Ongoing travel restrictions and lockdowns continue to
disrupt in‐person sales meetings, project commissioning, and resource allocation within several of the
company’s operating markets. However, despite the challenges of these unpredictable environments,
the Scott team has remained steadfast in its commitment to achieving the best possible customer
outcomes, safely and efficiently, at all times.

As vaccination roll‐outs progress, the business looks forward to the world returning to a more open
travel and operating environment in 2022.



Regional business updates

Scott Europe – Strong order book and EBITDA rebound

Scott’s European business has broken free from the constraints of COVID‐19 as the year has ended. It
has delivered an order book which stretches forward close to six months and includes materials
handling projects for European food manufacturers, including as examples Poco Loco and McCain, and
New Zealand red meat cooperative, Alliance.

Service revenue grew (+27%), as did the meat product business of BladeStop (+130%), through a
maturing sales and operations process and growing market demand.

Most pleasing was the significant recovery in EBITDA with the restructuring program lowering the cost
base and the strategically aligned revenue mix change lifting margins.

 Europe                                               FY21                    FY20
 Results Snapshot                              $M             %        $M             %
 Revenue                                       54.0                    67.4
 EBITDA                                        4.6           8.6%      0.5           0.7%

Scott Australasia – Strong product demand supported by positive new projects

Profitability growth has continued for the project type business in New Zealand and Australia. This is
a result of new project work in the form of large, repeatable meat automation systems, most notably
Alliance (NZ), Thomas Foods Australia, and poultry trussing (USA), as well as a continuous flow of mid‐
size industrial automation projects. The latter is reinforced by today’s announcement regarding a
multi‐million‐dollar contract to develop a fully automated, high‐quality, appliance production line for
a global leader in the branded white goods sector.

Strong global demand in Scott’s mining product business, Rocklabs, has provided important cashflow
and margin generation within its Australasian business. The BladeStop product business is also seeing
steady domestic and global demand, as more focus and capability is applied to this important part of
the business.

The Scott mining team is deeply embedded in the commissioning of two large complex automated
laboratory systems for Rio Tinto and Min Analytical respectively. The team is progressing well on a
separate semi‐automated system for Rio Tinto. Meanwhile, a second proprietary heavy machinery
Robotic Fuelling system for a large mining customer, is in the implementation stage.
 Australasia                                            FY21                    FY20
 Results Snapshot                                $M             %       $M              %
 Revenue                                        112.1                   71.4
 EBITDA                                          17.5          15.7%    3.3            4.6%




Scott China – Growing workloads trigger a move to a new larger production facility

The Scott China team has grown revenue by a factor of 2.3 times versus FY20, through ongoing
demand for their quality automation solutions into the whitegoods appliance sector for global
customers, such as Whirlpool.

To maintain this growth trajectory, a move to a new facility almost three times the size of the prior
location, took place in the second half of the year.

Comparatively, the China business is in its infancy but the FY21 results demonstrate clear growth
opportunities. Scott’s ambition to build a much larger business in China continues, with opportunities
to play an increasing role in its supply strategy for the European and American markets, a key part of
this expansion.

 China                                                  FY21                    FY20
 Results Snapshot                               $M              %        $M             %
 Revenue                                        12.9                     5.5
 EBITDA                                         2.5            19%      (0.2)          ‐3.6%

Scott North America – BladeStop (meat) growth and margin % drives improved EBITDA

Despite the erratic presence of the pandemic throughout the year, the Scott America team has
continued to experience inbound interest in its core AGV (autonomous guided vehicles) business. This
demand from the industrial and automotive sectors, together with a stable revenue performance of
its refurbished robot business, Robotworx, has seen a solid financial performance for FY21, despite
the external headwind.

Scott’s BladeStop safety saw product generated strong growth in revenues (+130%) with over 100
machines sold during the year. This reinforces the company’s belief that there is still significant unmet
demand for BladeStop in the North American market, as the protein industry looks for safer
alternatives to the traditional bandsaw.

The significant poultry trussing automation project has been successfully installed and is in production.
US customer Pilgrims, one of America’s largest bird processors, is heavily engaged with this project,
including the roll‐out of this new technology throughout its operations.

 North America                                          FY21                    FY20
 Results Snapshot                               $M              %       $M              %
 Revenue                                        37.2                    41.8
 EBITDA                                         5.8            15.4%    3.0            7.1%
Scott 2025 Strategy update

Good progress has been made on the Scott 2025 strategy that is now past its first anniversary.

   Authentic Customer Partnerships: Secured significant repeat business across all sectors, e.g. Rio
    Tinto, Yumi, Alliance, Little Swan, Bosch, Candy Haier, McCain, Whirlpool.
   Leading Edge Technology: Focus and higher capability generating strong growth across our
    Rocklabs sample preparation and BladeStop product businesses.
   One Global Team: Significant decrease in lost time injuries and continued focus on employee
    retention, development, and wellness.
   Operational Excellence: Delivered sustainable margin improvement across all regions.
   Robust Global Platforms: Strategically aligned pipeline of forward work operating off a reduced
    and more streamlined cost structure. Centre of excellence model bringing focus and efficiency to
    the Group.


Sector updates

Meat: Strong, ongoing demand for Scott’s industry leading BladeStop safety saw product continues,
with over 1200 units now installed globally. In the system space, Scott remains focused on sales of
lamb primal systems into the ANZ meat sector and rolling out the new poultry trussing systems across
Pilgrims in the US and other relevant markets.

Mining: Scott’s mining business continues to move ahead in two key directions. The products business
– Rocklabs’ crushing, splitting, and pulverising equipment, and reference materials – continues to
trade well across virtually all its global markets. This strength in demand is a testament to the global
reputation of the Rocklabs brand, a talented production and sales team, combined with the continuing
strong global precious metal prices driving capacity globally.

The systems‐end continues to focus on strategically and thoughtfully expanding the semi‐automated
offering of Scott’s laboratory range to bring speed and efficiency to mine operators and independent
laboratory managers.

Sound progress has also been made in the rollout of the Scott Robofuel systems. These robotic
refuelling stations allow the large mining trucks to be refuelled safely without human intervention
and in an efficient manner that keeps trucks circulating without the need to take them offline.

Appliances: While this sector is seeing positive investment in capacity from the world’s largest
whitegoods manufacturers, Scott is experiencing increasing competition from automation solution
providers from the likes of Italy, however today’s announcement is further testament to the quality
of Scott’s automation solutions in this sector. The company’s focus remains on providing quality design
options towards the premium‐end of the market, while driving for competitive pricing, without
exposing Scott to unacceptable risk.

Scott’s China business will continue to drive local growth and support global projects, when
appropriate, from its competitive design and build platform in Qingdao, China.

Material handling and logistics: Scott has seen ongoing pressure on global distribution and supply
chains because of COVID‐19 and believes this will continue in its aftermath. This, in turn, drives the
ongoing demand for the material handling equipment offered by Scott and with particular demand
in areas such as the e‐commerce and essential grocery goods sectors.
In the AGV part of the segment, the automotive industry continues to be one of the largest adopters
of unmanned fork‐trucks, due to the autonomy and efficiency they bring to daily operations. With
strong relationships amongst the global tire manufacturers, as an example, Scott sees a positive
future for its United States based AGV business, Transbotics.


A year into the new strategy, and 18 months into the pandemic, Scott Technology, one of New
Zealand ’s few truly global companies, begins to soar.



ENDS



For more information, visit www.scottautomation.com or contact:

John Kippenberger                                      Media and investor contact:
Chief Executive Officer, Scott Technology              Amber McEwen
T: +64 21 964 045                                      T: +6421 194 0429
E: j.kippenberger@scottautomation.com                  E: amberm@porternovelli.kiwi


About Scott

Scott delivers smart automation and robotic solutions that transform industries by making businesses
safer, more productive and more efficient. Our diverse capability makes us the first choice for
hundreds of the world’s leading brands. With design and build operations across Australasia, China,
Europe and America and over 100 years of engineering excellence, Scott is the global expert in
automation.

Scottautomation.com
