   2025
Annual Report
  IMPORTANT NOTICE

  I.     The Board of Directors of the Company, the Directors and the senior management warrant
         the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of this annual report and that there is no
         misrepresentation on, misleading statement in, or material omission from this annual report,
         and will assume joint and several liabilities.

  II.    This report was considered and approved at the 22nd meeting of the third session of the Board
         of Directors of the Company. All the Directors of the Company attended the board meeting,
         and no Director raised any objection to this report, while YAN Xiaolei, the Director attended the
         board meeting by proxy due to work reasons.

  III.   KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG issued the auditor’s reports with standard unqualified audit
         opinion.

  IV.    Mr. LIU Cheng (Chairman of the Company), Mr. JIN Jianhua (the General Manager and Chief
         Financial Officer (acting) of the Company) and Mr. ZHANG Hexin (head of the Accounting
         Department (Chief Accountant)) warrant that the financial statements set out in this annual
         report are true, accurate and complete.

  V.     The plan for profit distribution or capital reserve capitalization for the Reporting Period has
         been resolved and approved by the Board of Directors

         On November 21, 2025, the 2025 interim dividend distribution plan (namely, cash dividends of RMB1.65
         (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares) was considered and approved at the 2025 Fourth Extraordinary
         General Meeting of the Company. The plan was completed.

         The 2025 final profit distribution plan of the Company is as follows: the Company plans to distribute in the
         form of cash dividends, on the basis of 7,756,694,797 Shares in the total share capital as at December
         31, 2025, RMB1.75 (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares to all the Shareholders. The proposal still needs to
         be submitted at the General Meeting of the Company for consideration and approval.

         As of the end of the Reporting Period, the parent company had no uncovered losses.

  VI.    Risk statement for forward-looking statements

         Forward-looking statements, including future plans and development strategies, contained in this report
         do not constitute a substantive commitment of the Company to its investors. Investors should be aware of
         investment risks.




i CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                 IMPORTANT NOTICE


VII.    There was no appropriation of funds of the Company by the controlling shareholder(s) and other
        related parties for non-operating purposes.

VIII.   There was no guarantee of the Company provided to the external parties which violated the
        stipulated decision-making procedures.

IX.     There was no instance of the Company where more than half of the Directors were unable to
        guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the annual report disclosed by the
        Company.

X.      Material risk warning

        The major risks to which the Company may be exposed include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and
        compliance risk. Specifically, there are market risks brought by fluctuations in stock, bond, commodity
        and foreign exchange markets to the investment portfolio of the Company; credit risks brought by
        insufficient repayment capability of financiers in the financing business and counterparties in the OTC
        derivatives business or abnormal decline in the price of securities used as security (pledge or margin)
        to the Company, and credit risks brought by default or declined credibility of the bond issuer to the
        bond investment portfolio of the Company; liquidity risks brought by improper asset-liability allocation,
        tight liquidity or soaring funding prices at a specific time point, or erroneous financing operation in the
        general context of the expected reasonable and sufficient capital supply; and compliance risks brought by
        deficiencies in internal control, violations of regulatory requirements, etc. to the Company. In addition, the
        Company may be exposed to other risks, such as strategic risk, operational risk, legal risk, technical risk
        and reputational risk. The combined effect of the abovementioned risks will pose certain challenges to the
        operation of the Company.

        The Company has described the relevant potential risks in this report in detail. Please refer to the contents
        of “Potential Risks” and “Risk Management” in Section 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this
        report.

XI.     Others

        This annual report has been prepared in both English and Chinese. In the event of any discrepancies in
        interpretation between the English version and Chinese version of this report, the Chinese version shall
        prevail.

        In this annual report, the amounts are denominated mainly in RMB or Hong Kong dollars. Unless it is
        specifically indicated, the amounts are denominated in RMB and calculated based on the exchange rate
        as of December 31, 2025; any discrepancies between totals and sums of amounts are due to rounding.




                                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               ii
   CHAIRMAN ’ S STATEMENT

   Dear Shareholders,

   As the years glide by, a splendid new chapter unfolds once more. 2025 marks the final year of the “14th Five-
   Year Plan”. Over the past five years, keeping the nation’s fundamental interests in mind, we have dedicated
   ourselves to the cause of building a financial powerhouse with the passion of serving our country through
   finance. We have achieved profitability while fulfilling our functional duties, and accomplished the tasks of the
   “14th Five-Year Plan” with high quality, as the Company’s business continues to thrive. 2025 also marks the
   20th anniversary of the Company’s establishment. Under the leadership of the CPC, we have steadfastly fulfilled
   our mission and responsibilities as a state-owned financial enterprise. Successive leadership teams, along with
   all cadres and staff, have remained true to our original aspiration, strived to be pioneers, pursued reform and
   innovation, and devoted ourselves to hard work. Through deep cultivation and steadfast practice in the capital
   market, the Company has gradually grown into a leading large-scale comprehensive securities company in China,
   forging ahead and leaving the mark of our relentless striving on the new journey of Chinese modernization.

   In 2025, amidst profound and complex domestic and global changes, the Company’s new leadership team
   calmly navigated market fluctuations. We calibrated our business strategies under the guidance of political
   building, profoundly integrated political foundations with business operations, improved management efficiency,
   and gathered momentum for progress. By promoting a group of young professionals to frontline leadership
   positions, we unlocked new organizational and managerial advantages. Building upon the record-high net profit
   attributable to the parent company at the beginning of the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, we proudly concluded
   the year with the third-best net profit attributable to the parent company performance in our history. Based on
   financial data audited under PRC Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, for the full year, the Company
   achieved operating income of RMB23.322 billion and net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent
   company of RMB9.439 billion. The Company continuously strived for value creation, drove business toward high-
   quality development, and rewarded shareholders’ investments with commercial value. We implemented multiple
   profit distributions, issuing a total of RMB2.560 billion in 2024 final and 2025 interim cash dividends.

   Finance bears a crucial responsibility for a nation’s prosperity. Over the past year, we have adhered to the
   fundamental purpose of finance serving the real economy, fulfilled our duty of serving social wealth management,
   and made significant efforts in the “Five Major Areas (五篇大文章)” in Finance. Deeply understanding the
   importance of the “industry-technology-finance” cycle, we have accelerated business innovation to align
   with industrial development and investors’ financial service requirements. We have proactively enhanced the
   adaptability of financial products and solutions to support technological innovation, industrial upgrading, and
   social wealth management, thereby fostering enterprises featuring new quality productive forces, promoting
   the real economy, and helping residents increase their wealth. Through these mutually reinforcing financial
   services, we have strengthened our sense of mission, enhanced our professional capacity to serve national
   strategies, the real economy and social wealth management, and at the same time solidified the Company’s core
   competitiveness.

   Over the past year, we have proactively adapted to the economic transition from factor-driven to innovation-
   driven development, and enhanced a system of multi-dimensional financial services for technological innovation
   and green development. Throughout the year, we completed 22 equity financing projects for technology
   enterprises, with an underwriting amount exceeding RMB30.0 billion. Both the number and scale of our
   underwritten technology-innovation bonds ranked second in the market. We managed equity funds investing
   over RMB2.2 billion in more than 60 technology enterprises, and over 90% of new proprietary equity investments
   were directed toward projects featuring new quality productive forces. Advancing the “dual carbon (雙碳)” goals,
   we built an integrated equity and debt financing system for green development, completing nearly RMB40.0
   billion in cumulative domestic and overseas green equity financing. We served as lead underwriter for 145 green
   bonds totaling RMB64.8 billion, effectively stimulating capital flows in green industries. Notably, we successfully
   sponsored the global new energy leader CATL’s listing in Hong Kong, raising HK$41.0 billion, making it the
   largest IPO in the Hong Kong stock market in the past four years and the largest ever in the new energy sector.

   Over the past year, we have successfully transformed from a traditional commission broker to a social wealth
   manager, creating an integrated service mechanism encompassing inclusive finance, pension finance, and
   social wealth management. Anchoring on wealth management, we have synergized our investment banking and
   asset management expertise, and established a comprehensive service framework covering small and medium
   investors and rural agriculture. We distributed 308 publicly offered individual pension fund products, achieving
   100% market coverage. We served as lead underwriter for 13 rural revitalization bonds totaling RMB6.213 billion,
   providing stable funding for major agricultural and rural projects. Pioneering an industry first, we established a
   digital inclusive service architecture of “1 headquarter center + 3 regional sub-centers”, reaching out to 6.16
   million small and medium investors. Our Entrepreneur Office launched the “Bainian Xiangshan (柏年向善)” charity
   project and served over 200 investors by providing public welfare. We launched the “Jiaxin Xiangchuan (家鑫相
   傳)” series of asset management products, contributing the “CSC Solution” to innovations in inclusive finance,
   pension finance and public welfare.




iii CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Over the past year, we have embraced technological development, made vigorous efforts in digital finance,
and solidly implemented the “AI Plus” initiative, making remarkable progress in empowering clients, staff and
management. Throughout the year, we have received over 50 various awards within and outside the industry,
achieving a dual leap in both quantity and quality. Among them, the “Investment Banking ‘Gatekeeper (看門
人)’ Digital Intelligence Integrated Business Platform” project won the First Prize of the 2024 People’s Bank
of China Fintech Development Award, making it the first investment banking system in the securities industry
to receive this honor. Our AI innovations gained recognition at top-tier international academic conferences,
earning international recognition. Our robust intellectual property portfolio ranked among the industry’s top, fully
demonstrating sustained innovation vitality and solid technical strength. The “AI Plus” initiative has successfully
established full-chain capabilities from computing power to vertical domain models, forming an AI empowerment
system covering all business lines, and producing a batch of star platforms such as the “OctoX – An Intellectual
FlCC Integration Platform” and the “DeepTiming AI Intelligent Digital Platform (信諦聽AI智數平台)”.

Over the past year, all business segments of the Company have made concerted efforts toward building a
first-class investment bank and investment institution. The investment banking business has maintained its
industry leadership with consolidated advantages and prominent competitiveness. The brokerage business has
progressed toward a dual transformation in wealth management and AI, enhancing business efficiency and
service quality at once. The institutional business has seized the trend of investor institutionalization, achieving
scale growth and capability upgrades. The research business has fully leveraged its think-tank function through
internal and external synergies, received multiple accolades from government departments, and served as a
new calling card for the Company. The buy-side business has generated diversified revenue streams, with
robust market-making functions making outstanding contributions. The asset management business has steadily
increased in scale, while optimizing the underlying asset allocation structure. The international business has
grown rapidly, with China Securities International, the wholly owned subsidiary, achieving year-on-year growth in
operating income and net profit exceeding 100% and 150% respectively, emerging as a new beacon for future
development.

Those who start sharp must plan for the end; those who succeed must plan before they start. In 2025, the
Fourth Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee outlined a grand blueprint for development in
the next five years. Via thoroughly learning the guiding principles from the session, as well as systematically
investigating the Company’s current circumstances and future directions, we have solidly advanced the
formulation of the Company’s “15th Five-Year Plan”. We align national needs with CSC’s capabilities, draw upon
grassroots experience and employee wisdom, and have preliminarily proposed the Company’s development
strategy for the “15th Five-Year Plan” period: to be a value-oriented investment bank, a new-quality investment
bank, and a digital-intelligent investment bank; to accelerate the establishment of a new client-driven
development model; and to enhance our level of internationalization. Through these efforts, we will further build
and strengthen our “first-class in domestic (國內一流)” comprehensive capabilities, and aim to achieve a leading
position commensurate with top-tier investment banks by 2030.

Over the past two decades, CSC has forged ahead, growing through market tests and refining itself through client
recognition, steadily increasing its impact in the industry. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the executive
management of the Company, I extend our most sincere gratitude and highest respect to all shareholders for
their unwavering trust, to people from all sectors of society for their continued support, and to all CSC staff for
their enthusiastic devotion and hard work over the past twenty years!

What we must ride is the momentum; what we must not lose is opportunity. 2026 marks the inaugural year
of the “15th Five-Year Plan”. Standing at a historical starting point, the Company will fully seize the strategic
opportunities. Anchoring our goal on building a first-class investment bank, we will deepen our services for new
quality productive forces as new momentum, enhance efficiency in social wealth management, and expand our
international footprint. With unwavering determination and keen efforts, we will navigate challenges with steady
development, embrace opportunities with innovation and openness, and create value with excelsior service.
Hand in hand with our investors, we will grasp, master, and transcend market cycles to share a prosperous
future together!

                                                                                                     Chairman
                                                                                                    LIU Cheng
                                                                                                   March 26, 2026




                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              iv
Contents
Important Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         i


Chairman’s Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           iii


Section 1       Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1


Section 2       Company Profile and Key Financial Indicators . . . . . . . . . . . .                        4


Section 3       Management Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                       29


Section 4       Report of Directors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          89


Section 5       Significant Events . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         99


Section 6       Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders. . . . . . .                            110


Section 7       Directors, Senior Management and Employees . . . . . . . . . . .                          119


Section 8       Corporate Governance Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 142


Annex           Independent Auditor’s Report and Notes to the Consolidated
                Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          168
                                                               SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS

Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms have the following meanings in this report:

“Group”                               CSC Financial Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

“CSC”, “Company”, “our Company” CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (中信建投証券股份有限公司)
  or “parent company”

“China Futures”                       China Futures Co., Ltd. (中信建投期貨有限公司)

“China Capital”                       China Capital Management Co., Ltd (中信建投資本管理有限公司)

“China Securities International”      China Securities (International) Finance Holding Company Limited (中信建投
                                      (國際)金融控股有限公司)

“China Fund”                          China Fund Management Co., Ltd. (中信建投基金管理有限公司)

“China Securities Investment”         China Securities Investment Co., Ltd (中信建投投資有限公司)

“Beijing Financial Holdings Group”    Beijing Financial Holdings Group Limited (北京金融控股集團有限公司)

“Central Huijin”                      Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (中央匯金投資有限責任公司)

“CITIC Group”                         CITIC Group Corporation (中國中信集團有限公司)

“CITIC Financial Holdings”            CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (中國中信金融控股有限公司)

“CITIC Securities”                    CITIC Securities Co., Ltd. (中信証券股份有限公司)

“Glasslake Holdings”                  Glasslake Holdings Limited (鏡湖控股有限公司)

“Director(s)”                         the director(s) of our Company

“Board” or “Board of Directors”       the Board of Directors of our Company

“Supervisor(s)”                       the supervisor(s) of the Company

“CSRC”                                China Securities Regulatory Commission (中國證券監督管理委員會)

“Ministry of Finance”                 Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China

“Shanghai and Shenzhen                Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange
  Stock Exchanges”

“SSE”                                 Shanghai Stock Exchange

“SSE Listing Rules”                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                      (as amended from time to time)

“Hong Kong” or “HK”                   the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.         1
   SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS


   “HKEX”                           Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited

   “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”       The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

   “Hong Kong Listing Rules”        the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                    Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time)

   “SZSE”                           Shenzhen Stock Exchange

   “BSE”                            Beijing Stock Exchange

   “SAC”                            Securities Association of China

   “AMAC”                           Asset Management Association of China

   “Articles of Association”        the articles of association of the Company
     or “Articles”

   “A Share(s)”                     listed domestic shares in the share capital of our Company with a nominal
                                    value of RMB1.00 each, listed on the SSE and traded in RMB

   “H Share(s)”                     overseas listed foreign shares in the share capital of our Company with a
                                    nominal value of RMB1.00 each, listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                    and traded in HKD

   “IPO”                            Initial Public Offering

   “NEEQ”                           the National Equities Exchange and Quotations

   “NEEQ Co. Ltd.”                  National Equities Exchange and Quotations Corporation Limited (全國中小
                                    企業股份轉讓系統有限責任公司)

   “related party transaction(s)”   has the same meaning ascribed to it under the SSE Listing Rules

   “connected transaction(s)”       has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules

   “related party/connected         related party transaction(s) and connected transaction(s)
      transaction”

   “QFI”                            Qualified Foreign Investor

   “WFOE”                           Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise(s)

   “FICC”                           Fixed-income securities, currencies and commodities

   “ESG”                            a collective term of Environmental, Social and Governance

   “ETF”                            Exchange Traded Fund

   “AI”                             Artificial Intelligence

   “De-SPAC”                        De-Special Purpose Acquisition Company


2 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                                     SECTION 1           DEFINITIONS


“Company Law”                       Company Law of the People’s Republic of China

“Securities Law”                    Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China (         )
                                                                                    《中華人民共和國證券法》

new “Nine Guidelines of the         Several Opinions on Strengthening Regulation, Forestalling Risks and
  State Council”                    Promoting the High Quality Development of the Capital Market (
                                                                                                《關於加強
                                    監管防範風險推動資本市場高質量發展的若干意見》                        )

“Five Major Areas” in Finance       technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance and
                                    digital finance

“Shareholder(s)”                    holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Share(s)”                          ordinary shares in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of
                                    RMB1.00 each, comprising A Shares and H Shares

“Reporting Period” or “2025”        the period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025

“the end of the Reporting Period”   December 31, 2025
   or “the end of 2025”

“Date of Disclosure of the          March 26, 2026
  Report”/“Date of Disclosure”

“RMB” or “Renminbi”                 Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“HK$”                               Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of the Hong Kong Special
                                    Administrative Region of the PRC

“US$” or “USD”                      United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America

“Wind Info”                         Wind Information Co., Ltd. (萬得信息技術股份有限公司)




                                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.        3
   SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
   KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


   I.   COMPANY INFORMATION

        Name in Chinese                               中信建投証券股份有限公司
        Abbreviation in Chinese                       中信建投証券
        Name in English                               China Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                      CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (carrying on business in
                                                        Hong Kong with such registered English name)
        Abbreviation in English                       CSC
        Legal Representative                          LIU Cheng
        General Manager                               JIN Jianhua
        Authorized Representative                     LIU Cheng, JIN Jianhua
        Alternate Authorized Representative           LIU Naisheng
        Joint Company Secretaries                     LIU Naisheng, WONG Wai Ling

        Registered Capital and Net Capital of the Company

                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                  As at the end of the          As at the end of the
                                                                    Reporting Period                   previous year
                                                                 (December 31, 2025)           (December 31, 2024)


         Registered Capital                                          7,756,694,797.00             7,756,694,797.00
         Net Capital                                                79,598,680,087.45            74,674,773,535.87

        The Business Scope and Qualifications for Each Individual Business of the Company

        The Company has registered according to law. The business scope stipulated in our business license
        of the Company includes: securities business; foreign exchange settlement and sale business; foreign
        exchange business; securities investment consultancy; custodian services for securities investment fund;
        public securities investment fund sales; provision of intermediary business to futures companies as a
        securities company; and sale of gold and silver products.

        License to Operate Securities and Futures Business (《經營證券期貨業務許可證》                          ) obtained by the
        Company stipulates the scope of Securities and Futures business – securities brokerage, securities
        investment consultancy, financial advisory relating to securities trading and securities investment activities,
        securities underwriting and sponsoring, proprietary trading and investment of securities, securities asset
        management, sale of publicly offered securities investment funds, margin financing and securities lending,
        agency sale of financial products, market-making of stock options, custodian services for securities
        investment funds, and market-making trading business of listed securities.




4 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                               SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                      KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


In addition, the Company possesses the qualifications for the following major individual business:

        Qualifications for Business Approved by or Filed with CSRC and Local Office of CSRC
 Qualification for direct investment, Stock Index Futures Trading License for Securities Companies,
 Collateralized Bond Repo Business Qualification, Qualification for Proprietary Interest Rate Swap
 Trading, qualification of contractual repurchase securities transaction business, Proprietary Trading
 License for Treasury Futures, Credit Risk Mitigation (CRM) Instruments Underwriting Qualification,
 qualification of agency business for precious metal spot contracts and proprietary business for spot
 gold contracts, qualification for qualified domestic institutional investor to conduct overseas securities
 investment and management business, Primary Market Maker for OTC Options, pilot qualification of
 cross-border business, Credit Derivatives Trading Qualification, qualification of market making business
 for stock index options, pilot qualification of fund investment advisory business, qualification of pilot
 business for optimizing account management function of securities companies, Treasury Futures
 Market-Making License, qualification for proprietary participation in carbon emissions trading business,
 Wealth Management Connect (WMC) Scheme Participation Qualification and qualification for swap
 facilities business
                  Qualifications for Business Approved by The People’s Bank of China
 Interbank Lending Membership and Eligibility for “Southbound Trading” Note
                              Qualifications for Business Approved by or Filed
                               with State Administration of Foreign Exchange
 Securities Business and Foreign Exchange Operating License (foreign currency negotiable securities
 brokerage, foreign currency negotiable securities underwriting), FX Settlement and Sale Pilot Business
 License, Client-based FX Trading Authorization and Non-Bank Financial Institutions for Client-based FX
 Settlement and Sale Pilot Business License
        Qualifications for Business Approved by or Filed with Securities Association of China
 OTC Trading Membership, Financial Derivatives License: IRS/CDS & OTC Options Market Maker,
 Internet Securities Business Pilot
           Qualifications for Business Filed with Asset Management Association of China
 Private fund business outsourcing service




Note:   The Company obtained the qualification for conducting southbound trading business during the Reporting Period.



                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                5
   SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
   KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


            Qualifications for Business Approved by or Filed with Stock Exchanges/Trading Centers
         Primary dealer of Integrated Electronic Platform of Fixed-income Securities of SSE, qualification of
         southbound trading business under the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, participant for stock
         options trading of SSE, lead market maker of the listed fund on SSE, core dealer of credit protection
         contract on SSE, issuing institution of credit protection certificate on SSE, lead market maker for
         SSE 50ETF options, lead market maker of CSI 300ETF options, qualification for collateralized stock
         repurchase transaction business on the SSE and the SZSE, lead market maker for market making for
         bonds on the SSE and the SZSE, qualification of business for financing by exercising equity incentive
         of listed companies on the SZSE, qualification of southbound trading business under the Shenzhen-
         Hong Kong Stock Connect, core dealer of credit protection contract on SZSE, issuing institution of
         credit protection certificate on SZSE, qualification of stock options business on SZSE, qualification
         for inter-bank gold inquiry business from the Shanghai Gold Exchange, International Member of
         Shanghai Gold Exchange, Special Membership of Shanghai Gold Exchange, participant of the Chinese
         commercial paper trading system, qualification for market making of CSI 300 Index Options of China
         Financial Futures Exchange, lead market maker for treasury bond futures on China Financial Futures
         Exchange, qualification of member of Shanghai Environment and Energy Exchange, qualification of
         trading business in the National Inter-bank Bond Market, foreign currency lending membership of China
         Foreign Exchange Trade System, ADBC Standard Bond Forward Quoting Institution, “Northbound”
         quotation agency, member of the inter-bank foreign exchange market, member of inter-bank foreign
         currency market, member of the interest rate option market, interest rate option quotation agency,
         CFETS-SHCH-GTJA High-grade CDS index quotation institution, qualification of intermediary service
         institution of Beijing Equity Trading Center, qualification of institutional member of Guangzhou Carbon
         Emission Trading Centre, member of carbon financial services at Hubei Carbon Emission Exchange
                Qualifications for Business Filed with National Equities Exchange and Quotations
         Chief securities firm of National Equities Exchange and Quotations, qualification for market making
         business of National Equities Exchange and Quotations
                 Qualifications for Business Approved by or Filed with Shanghai Clearing House
         Clearing Member of Shanghai Clearing House, qualification for participating in the mutual swap
         and central clearing business of Renminbi interest rates, qualification for participating in the bond
         transaction net clearing business, qualification for participating in the forward centralized clearing
         business for standard bonds, Class A General Clearing Member, qualification for participating in
         the proprietary clearing business from central counterparties in shipping and commodity financial
         derivatives, qualification for participating in the business of central clearing for credit default swap
                               Qualifications for Business Approved by or Filed with
                          National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors
         Lead underwriter of debt financing instruments of non-financial enterprises, issuing institution of
         CRMW, core dealer of CRM instruments, issuing institution of credit-linked notes, trustee for debt
         financing instruments of non-financial enterprises, qualification for independently conducting the lead
         underwriting business of debt financing instruments of non-financial enterprises, cash bond market
         maker in Inter-bank Bond Market
             Qualifications for Business Approved by China Securities Finance Corporation Limited
         Qualification of refinancing business (securities refinancing and margin refinancing), qualification for
         market-making securities lending business on the STAR Market




6 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                 SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                        KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                                             Other Business Qualifications
        Class B clearing participant of the China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited,
        qualification for investor securities registration business agency, qualification of H-share full circulation
        business, issuing institution for the qualification of collateralized repurchase business of credit protected
        bonds, qualification of securities account opening agency; clearing member of the China Central
        Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd., participant of quotation and service system for inter-institutional
        private equity products of China Securities Capital Market Development Monitoring Center; ChinaBond
        valuation partner of ChinaBond Pricing Center Co., Ltd., member of Renminbi financial bond
        underwriting and market-making syndicates of China Development Bank; member of book-entry
        treasury bond underwriting syndicates of the Ministry of Finance


II.    CONTACT PERSONS AND DETAILS

                                                                                  Representative for
                                              Secretary to the Board              Securities Affairs


        Name                                  LIU Naisheng                        DU Ningning
        Address                               No. 10 Guanghua Road,               No. 10 Guanghua Road,
                                                Chaoyang District, Beijing          Chaoyang District, Beijing
        Telephone                             010-56052830                        010-56052830
        Facsimile                             010-56118200                        010-56118200
        Email                                 601066@csc.com.cn                   601066@csc.com.cn

III.   BASIC INFORMATION

       Registered Address                     Unit 4, No. 66 Anli Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
       Postal Code of Registered              100101
         Address
       Historical Changes in the              Not applicable
         Company’s Registered
         Address
       Principal Office Address               No. 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
       Postal Code of                         100020
         Principal Office Address
       Place of Business in Hong Kong         18/F, Two Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong
       Company Website                        www.csc108.com
       Email                                  601066@csc.com.cn
       National Customer Service Hotline      95587/4008888108
       Investor Contact Hotline               010-56052830
       Facsimile Telephone                    010-56118200
       Unified Social Credit Code             91110000781703453H




                                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              7
   SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
   KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


   IV.   INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND AVAILABILITY PLACES

         Media and websites for annual        China Securities Journal (www.cs.com.cn)
          report disclosure designated        Shanghai Securities News (www.cnstock.com)
          by the Company                      Securities Times (www.stcn.com)
                                              Securities Daily (www.zqrb.cn)

         Websites of the stock exchanges      Website of SSE (www.sse.com.cn)
          on which annual reports of the      HKExnews website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk)
          Company are disclosed

         Places where annual reports of the   No. 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
           Company are available              Unit 4, No. 66 Anli Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                              18/F, Two Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong

   V.    BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY

          Class of Shares       Stock Exchange of Listing         Stock Name              Stock Code


          A Shares              SSE                               CSC                     601066
          H Shares              Hong Kong Stock Exchange          CSC                     6066

   VI.   OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY

         (I)   History of the Company

               1.     Establishment of Company

                      China Securities Finance Limited (中信建投證券有限責任公司) (hereinafter referred to as
                      CSF Limited), the Company’s predecessor, was jointly invested in and established by CITIC
                      Securities and China Jianyin Investment Limited (中國建銀投資有限責任公司) (hereinafter
                      referred to as China Jianyin) in 2005 pursuant to the Approval for Commencing Operation of
                      China Securities Finance Limited (Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [2005] No. 112) (《關於同意中信建投
                      證券有限責任公司開業的批覆》(證監機構字[2005]112號)) issued by the CSRC. On November
                      2, 2005, CSF Limited obtained the business license of corporate legal representative issued
                      by the Administration for Industry and Commerce. The registered address is Unit 4, No. 66
                      Anli Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, with a registered capital of RMB2,700,000,000, of
                      which CITIC Securities and China Jianyin made cash contribution of RMB1,620,000,000
                      and RMB1,080,000,000, accounting for the proportion of 60% and 40%, respectively. CSF
                      Limited’s operation is conducted based on the acquisition of securities business and related
                      assets originally owned by Huaxia Securities Co., Ltd. and in accordance with the standards
                      of a comprehensive securities company.




8 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                       KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


2.   Change of Shareholding in 2010

     (1)   Beijing State-owned Capital Operation and Management Center Becomes a
           Shareholder

           On November 9, 2010, the CSRC issued the Approval for the Change of
           Shareholders Holding More Than 5% Equity Interests by China Securities Finance
           Limited (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2010] No. 1588) (   《關於核准中信建投證券有限責任公司變
           更持有5%以上股權的股東的批覆》                    (證監許可[2010]1588號)) to approve the eligibility of
           Beijing State-owned Capital Operation and Management Center (changed its name
           to Beijing State-owned Capital Operation and Management Company Limited in July
           2021, hereinafter collectively referred to as the BSCOMC) as a Shareholder holding
           more than 5% equity interests of CSF Limited, with no objection to the lawful transfer
           of RMB1,215,000,000 equity interests of CSF Limited (representing 45% of the total
           capital contribution) originally held by CITIC Securities to BSCOMC. On November
           15, 2010, CSF Limited completed the change of registration in relation to the change
           in shareholding with the Administration for Industry and Commerce.

     (2)   Central Huijin Investment Ltd. Becomes a Shareholder

           Pursuant to the Approval of the Ministry of Finance for Asset Transfer by China Jianyin
           Investment Limited to Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (Cai Jin Han [2009] No. 77) (  《財
           政部關於中國建銀投資有限責任公司向中央匯金投資有限責任公司劃轉資產的批覆》 (財
           金函[2009]77號)), China Jianyin, a Shareholder of CSF Limited originally holding 40%
           equity interests, transferred its equity interests in CSF Limited to Central Huijin at nil
           consideration. On November 18, 2010, the CSRC issued the Approval for the Change
           of Shareholders Holding More Than 5% Equity Interests by China Securities Finance
           Limited (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2010] No. 1659) (    《關於核准中信建投證券有限責任公司變
           更持有5%以上股權的股東的批覆》                    (證監許可[2010]1659號)) to approve the eligibility of
           Central Huijin as a Shareholder holding more than 5% equity interests of CSF Limited,
           with no objection to the lawful transfer of RMB1,080,000,000 equity interests of
           CSF Limited (representing 40% of the total capital contribution) to Central Huijin. On
           December 16, 2010, CSF Limited completed the change of registration in relation to
           the change in shareholding with the Administration for Industry and Commerce.

     (3)   Century Jinyuan Investment Group Limited Becomes a Shareholder

           On November 23, 2010, the CSRC issued the Approval for the Change of
           Shareholders Holding More Than 5% Equity Interests by China Securities Finance
           Limited (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2010] No. 1693) (  《關於核准中信建投證券有限責任公司變
           更持有5%以上股權的股東的批覆》                   (證監許可[2010]1693號)) to approve the eligibility of
           Century Jinyuan Investment Group Limited (世紀金源投資集團有限公司) (hereinafter
           referred to as Century Jinyuan) as a Shareholder holding more than 5% equity
           interests of CSF Limited, with no objection to the lawful transfer of RMB216,000,000
           equity interests of CSF Limited (representing 8% of the total capital contribution)
           originally held by CITIC Securities to Century Jinyuan. On December 16, 2010, CSF
           Limited completed the change of registration in relation to the change in shareholding
           with the Administration for Industry and Commerce.




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                9
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


               3.   Conversion into a Joint Stock Limited Company in 2011

                    On June 30, 2011, the CSRC issued the Approval for the Conversion of China Securities
                    Finance Limited into a Joint Stock Limited Company (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2011] No. 1037) ( 《關
                    於核准中信建投證券有限責任公司變更為股份有限公司的批覆》 (證監許可[2011]1037號)) to
                    approve the conversion of CSF Limited into a joint stock limited company. Upon completion
                    of the conversion, the Company was renamed CSC Financial Co., Ltd. with a registered
                    capital of RMB6,100,000,000. On September 28, 2011, the Company completed the
                    change of registration in relation to the conversion into a joint stock limited company with
                    the Administration for Industry and Commerce.

               4.   Change of Shareholding in 2016

                    (1)   Xizang Shannan Century Jinyuan Investment Management Limited Becomes a
                          Shareholder

                          On March 8, 2016, Century Jinyuan entered into a Share Transfer Agreement with
                          Xizang Shannan Century Jinyuan Investment Management Limited (hereinafter
                          referred to as Shannan Jinyuan, later changed its name to Xizang Tengyun Investment
                          Management Limited), pursuant to which Century Jinyuan shall transfer 300,000,000
                          shares of the Company it held to Shannan Jinyuan, representing 4.92% of the total
                          share capital of the Company. The above transfer was completed in July 2016.

                    (2)   Shanghai Shangyan Investment Center (Limited Partnership) Becomes a
                          Shareholder

                          On August 22, 2016, Century Jinyuan entered into a Share Transfer Contract with
                          Shanghai Shangyan Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (上海商言投資中心(有
                          限合夥)) (hereinafter referred to as Shanghai Shangyan), pursuant to which Century
                          Jinyuan shall transfer 150,624,815 shares of the Company it held to Shanghai
                          Shangyan, representing 2.47% of the total share capital of the Company. The above
                          transfer was completed in September 2016.




10 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                       KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


5.   IPO of H Shares in 2016

     On November 3, 2016, the CSRC issued the Approval for Issuance of Overseas Listed
     Foreign Shares by CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2016] No. 2529) (      《關於核
     准中信建投証券股份有限公司發行境外上市外資股的批覆》(證監許可[2016]2529 號)), which
     approved the overseas IPO of the Company of no more than 1,237,940,000 overseas listed
     foreign shares, with a par value of RMB1 per share, all of which were ordinary shares.

     On December 9, 2016, the Company was listed and traded on the Main Board of the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange, with an IPO of 1,130,293,500 H Shares (including 1,076,470,000
     new shares) (stock code: 6066.HK). On December 30, 2016, the Company exercised
     the over-allotment option partially and issued 73,411,000 additional H Shares (including
     69,915,238 new shares) totaling 1,203,704,500 H Shares issued (including 1,146,385,238
     new shares) at an issue price of HKD6.81 per share.

     According to the Approval for the Issues Concerning the Transfer of State-owned Shares
     Held by CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (Guo Zi Chan Quan [2016] No. 967) (   《關於中信建投証券股
     份有限公司國有股轉持有關問題的批覆》                      (國資產權[2016]967號)) issued by the State-owned
     Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, and the Letter on
     the Issues Concerning the Reduction and Transfer of Hong Kong-listed, State-owned Shares
     Held by CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (She Bao Ji Jin Fa [2016] No. 152) (《關於中信建投証券股份
     有限公司香港上市國有股減轉持問題的函》                        (社保基金發[2016]152號)) issued by the National
     Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC (hereinafter referred to as NSSF), state-owned
     Shareholders of the Company performed their obligations of state-owned share reduction
     and transferred an aggregate of 114,638,524 Shares to the NSSF based on 10% of the
     actual number of Shares issued. After state-owned Shareholders transferred the reduced
     shares to the NSSF, such Shares were converted into overseas listed foreign shares (H
     shares). According to the entrustment of the NSSF, the Company transferred 57,319,262
     Shares out of the Shares for public offering, and the proceeds were transferred to the NSSF.

     After the IPO and listing of H Shares by the Company, the total share capital changed from
     6,100,000,000 Shares to 7,246,385,238 Shares, including 5,985,361,476 domestic Shares
     and 1,261,023,762 H Shares.




                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             11
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


               6.   IPO of A Shares in 2018

                    On May 18, 2018, the CSRC issued the Approval for the Initial Public Offering of Shares by
                    CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 828) (
                                                                              《關於核准中信建投証券股份有
                    限公司首次公開發行股票的批覆》                (證監許可[2018]828號)) to approve the public offering of no
                    more than 400 million A Shares by the Company.

                    On June 20, 2018, the Company was listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai Stock
                    Exchange, with an IPO of 400,000,000 A Shares (stock code: 601066.SH) at an issue price
                    of RMB5.42 per share.

                    After the IPO and listing of A Shares of the Company, the total share capital of the Company
                    changed from 7,246,385,238 Shares to 7,646,385,238 Shares, including 6,385,361,476 A
                    Shares and 1,261,023,762 H Shares.

               7.   Change of Shareholding in 2020

                    On October 19, 2020, the CSRC issued the Approval for the Change of Substantial
                    Shareholder by CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 2619) (
                                                                                             《關於核准中
                    信建投証券股份有限公司變更主要股東的批覆》                       (證監許可[2020]2619號)) to approve Beijing
                    Financial Holdings Group to become a substantial shareholder of the Company, with no
                    objection to the lawful transfer of 2,684,309,017 shares of the Company (representing
                    35.11% of the total number of shares) originally held by BSCOMC to Beijing Financial
                    Holdings Group. On November 30, 2020, the share transfer registration was completed,
                    BSCOMC no longer directly held shares of the Company, and Beijing Financial Holdings
                    Group became the largest shareholder of the Company.

               8.   Non-public Issuance of A Shares in 2020

                    On February 28, 2020, the CSRC issued the Approval for the Non-public Issuance of Shares
                    by CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 345) (
                                                                                《關於核准中信建投証券股份
                    有限公司非公開發行股票的批覆》                (證監許可[2020]345號)) to approve the non-public issuance
                    of no more than 1,277,072,295 A Shares of the Company.

                    On December 28, 2020, the share registration procedures for the non-public issuance of
                    the 110,309,559 new A shares were completed at the Shanghai branch of China Securities
                    Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited. After the completion of the non-public
                    issuance, the total share capital of the Company changed from 7,646,385,238 Shares to
                    7,756,694,797 Shares, including 6,495,671,035 A Shares and 1,261,023,762 H Shares.




12 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                        SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                               KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


       9.    Increase in Shareholding by the Shareholder in 2023

             From May 18 to November 20, 2023, Beijing Financial Holdings Group increased its
             shareholding in the Company by a total of 93,080,000 H Shares (representing 1.20% of
             the total number of Shares) by way of centralized bidding through SSE southbound trading
             system. When the increase in shareholding was completed, Beijing Financial Holdings Group
             held a total of 2,777,389,017 Shares in the Company (representing 35.81% of the total
             number of Shares), including 2,684,309,017 A Shares and 93,080,000 H Shares.

(II)   Organizational Structure of Company

       In strict compliance with the requirements such as the Company Law, the Securities Law, the
       Guidance for the Internal Control of Securities Companies (《證券公司內部控制指引》           ), the relevant
       rules and regulations of CSRC, the SSE Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the various
       requirements of the competent authorities on the governance of state-owned financial enterprises,
       the Articles of Association and internal system of the Company, the Company regulates its
       operation, constantly improves the operation mechanism and system establishment for its Party
       Committee, General Meetings, the Board of Directors and the executive management. The
       Company has established a standardized and scientific corporate governance structure and set up
       an organizational structure that meets its development needs.

       In March 2025, the 13th meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company considered
       and approved the Proposal on Adjusting the Department Names and Core Responsibilities of
       the Brokerage Business Management Committee (    《關於調整經管委部門名稱與核心職責的議案》                      ),
       agreeing to change the name of the former Brokerage Business Management Committee to the
       Wealth Management Committee, and to optimize and adjust its functions and responsibilities.

       Subsequent events

       In January 2026, the 20th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of the Company
       considered and approved the Resolution on the Establishment of the Strategic Development
       Department, and approved the establishment of the Strategic Development Department.




                                                     Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            13
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                                           As of the date of disclosure of this report, the organizational structure of the Company is as
                                           follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     General Meeting

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Development Strategy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Board                                                                                                                                                               Audit Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Audit Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Remuneration and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Nomination Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Executive Committee




                     Investment Banking Business                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Asset Management                              Executive Office/
                                                                                                                                               Wealth Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Institutional Business Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                    China Futures Co., Ltd.
                        Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Department                              Party Committee Office

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Retail Customer Development Center of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Institutional Business                                                                                                                                    Discipline Inspection Commission Office/
         Industrial Teams                                                                                                                                                                          the Wealth Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Department                                                                                                   Fixed Income Department                 Inspection Office/Party Integrity Office   China Capital Management Co., Ltd
                                             Equity Capital
                                            Market Department
                                                                                                                                                                                   High-Net-Worth Customer Development Center of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Party Committee Organization Department/       China Securities (International)
         Regional Teams                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Custodian Department                                                                                                    Trading Department                        Human Resources Department
                                                                                                                                                                                         the Wealth Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Finance Holding Company Limited
                                              Debt Capital
        Growth Enterprise                   Market Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Party-Mass Work Department/
                                                                                                                                                                                               Product and Innovation Business Center                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Research and Development                                                                                                    Derivatives Trading
      Financing Department                                                                                                                                                                      of the Wealth Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Department                                                                                                               Department                             Labour Union Office                   China Fund Management Co., Ltd.
                                       Strategic Customer Development
                                           Collaboration Department
        Bond Underwriting                                                                                                                                                                               Operations Management Center of the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            International Business                                                                                                  Securities Financing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Strategy Development Department               China Securities Investment Co., Ltd
           Department                                                                                                                                                                                      Wealth Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Department                                                                                                            Department
                                         Quality Control Department
     Mergers and Acquisitions                                                                                                                                            General Management Department of the Wealth
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Treasury Department                   Financial Planning Department
           Department                                                                                                                                                              Management Committee
                                           Operation Department
       Structured Financing                                                                                                                                                                                     Party Committee Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               IT Department
            Department                                                                                                                                                                                  of the Wealth Management Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                              Discipline Inspection Commission Office
                                                                                                                                                                                               of the Wealth Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Operation Management Department

                                                                                                                                                                                  Branch Compliance Management Department
                                                                                                                                                                                      of the Wealth Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk Management Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Legal and Compliance Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Guangdong Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Investment Banking Internal




                                                                                                               Shanghai Branch                             Shenyang Branch                                                                                                                                                                              Northwest Branch                                                      Zhejiang Branch             Chongqing Branch             Shenzhen Branch                                                                    Shandong Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Jiangsu Branch                                      Hunan Branch                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Sichuan Branch               Jiangxi Branch                                       Henan Branch         Tianjin Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Inspection Department



                                                                        Hubei Branch                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Fujian Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Data Management Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   General Management Department




                                                                                                               Beijing Dongcheng Branch                      Beijing Chaoyang Branch                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Heilongjiang Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Beijing Haidian Branch                              Beijing Jingnan Branch                         Beijing Jingxi Branch                                                                                                                                                                                                             Guangxi Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Hainan Branch                                                         Shanxi Branch                                           Gansu Branch                 Xinjiang Branch                                         Anhui Branch               Hebei Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Jilin Branch




                                                                                       Beijing Hongyi Branch                                                                                                                          Inner Mongolia Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   China (Shanghai) Pilot



                                                                                                                                                                                       Guizhou Branch                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Qingdao Branch               Changzhou Branch         Quanzhou Branch
                                                                                                                                          Ningxia Branch                                                                                                                                  Qinghai Branch                                Yunnan Branch                      Ningbo Branch                      Suzhou Branch               Xiamen Branch                                                                                                                           Dalian Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Wuxi Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Free Trade Zone Branch




                                           As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had five first-tier subsidiaries, all of which were
                                           wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely China Futures, China Capital, China Securities International,
                                           China Fund and China Securities Investment. Please refer to “Analysis on Major Controlled
                                           Companies and Investee Companies” in Section 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this
                                           report.




14 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                           KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


(III)   Number and Network of Securities Branches of the Company

        1.     Securities Branches

               As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had a total of 45 securities branches,
               the details of which were as follows:

                                Date of
 No.         Branch             establishment         Registered address                       Head               Contact number


 1           Hubei Branch       February 6, 2012      3/F, Block A, Longyuan Building, 24         LIANG Jun       027-87890128
                                                         Zhongbei Road, Wuchang District,
                                                         Wuhan City
 2           Shanghai           February 6, 2012      Nos. 01, 02, 06, 07, 18/F, Block T2, No. MOU Chun           021-55137961
               Branch                                    398 Huoshan Road, Yangpu District,
                                                         Shanghai
 3           Shenyang           February 7, 2012      No. 1, 12/F, 61 Beizhan Road, Shenhe WU Lili                024-22556761
                Branch                                   District, Shenyang City
 4           Jiangsu Branch     February 13, 2012     1/F and 2/F, Huanghe Building, 58           LI Yinghu       025-83156571
                                                         Longyuan West Road, Gulou District,
                                                         Nanjing City
 5           Hunan Branch       March 1, 2013         No. 9, Furong Middle Road Section 2,        MAO Xiaohu      0731-82229568
                                                         Furong District, Changsha City
 6           Fujian Branch      April 16, 2013        3/F, Wuyi Center, 33 East Street, Gulou XIE Jianfeng        0591-87612358
                                                         District, Fuzhou City
 7           Zhejiang Branch    April 18, 2013        Room 604, 6/F, 225 Qing Chun Road,          LIU Ao          0571-87067245
                                                         Shangcheng District, Hangzhou City,
                                                         Zhejiang Province
 8           Northwest Branch   April 19, 2013        No. 56 Nanda Street, Beilin District, Xi’an MA Pinliang     029-87265999-202
                                                         City, Shaanxi Province
 9           Guangdong          April 24, 2013        Rooms 6804 and 6805, No. 233                MA Jun          020-38381917
              Branch                                     Tianhe North Road, Tianhe District,
                                                         Guangzhou City
 10          Chongqing          April 14, 2014        2-2, Block 2, Yijing Fenghao, 195           ZHOU Chaobing   023-63624398
               Branch                                    Longshan Road, Longshan
                                                         Subdistrict, Yubei District, Chongqing
                                                         City
 11          Shenzhen           April 21, 2014        35E, Radio and Television Financial         TIAN Ye         0755-23953860
               Branch                                    Center, No. 9 Pengcheng No. 1 Road,
                                                         Fuxin Community, Lianhua Avenue,
                                                         Futian District, Shenzhen City
 12          Sichuan Branch     April 25, 2014        No. 25, South Third Section, First Ring KUANG               028-85576963
                                                         Road, Wuhou District, Chengdu               Wenqiang
                                                         City
 13          Shandong           May 23, 2014          11/F, Block 4, 8 Long’ao North Road,        CHEN Xiang      0531-68655601
                Branch                                   Lixia District, Jinan City
 14          Jiangxi Branch     May 28, 2014          Unit 05, 30/F, Block 2#, Heping             LI Wenchao      0791-86700091
                                                         International Hotel, 69 Yanjiang North
                                                         Road, Donghu District, Nanchang
                                                         City, Jiangxi Province




                                                                 Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                          15
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                                     Date of
           No.     Branch            establishment        Registered address                      Head             Contact number


           15      Henan Branch      June 3, 2014         No. 802, 803, 804, 8/F, Building 1, 88    WU Xiaoju      0371-69092409
                                                             Jinshui East Road, Zhengzhou District
                                                             (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot Free Trade
                                                             Zone
           16      Shanghai Pilot    September 26, 2014   Room 2206, North Building, 528 South JIANG Wei           010-56050584
                     Free Trade                              Pudong Road, China (Shanghai) Free
                     Zone Branch                             Trade Zone
           17      Tianjin Branch    November 10, 2014    5-1-201, Tianhui Center, Junction of      GUO Shihai     022-23660571
                                                             Nanshi Street and Fu’an Street,
                                                             Nanshi Subdistrict, Heping District,
                                                             Tianjin
           18      Beijing Hongyi    March 19, 2019       801 and 802, 8/F, Inside 101, -5/F to     LI Jingyi      010-65726085
                     Branch                                  45/F, Building 1, Courtyard No. 16,
                                                             Jinghui Street, Chaoyang District,
                                                             Beijing
           19      Hainan Branch     December 29, 2020    1/F and 2/F, Yindu Building, No. 38 Haifu LIU Yunning    0898-65357208
                                                             Avenue, Haikou City
           20      Ningxia Branch    December 30, 2020    Room 101 (Maisonette), No. 25             SUI Chuanzhe   0951-6737057
                                                             Commercial Building, Zhongying
                                                             Yujing Phase II, No. 515 Fenghuang
                                                             North Street, Xingqing District,
                                                             Yinchuan City, Ningxia
           21      Guizhou Branch    December 31, 2020    No. 2, 1-8/F, No. 13 Yan’an Middle        TAN Ting       0851-83879300
                                                             Road, Yunyan District, Guiyang City,
                                                             Guizhou Province
           22      Jilin Branch      January 5, 2021      2/F, Podium Building, Zhengrong           MA Wenrui      0431-81939388
                                                             Building, No. 621 Changchun Street,
                                                             Nanguan District, Changchun City
           23      Shanxi Branch     January 7, 2021      7/F, Crown Tower, 252 Xinjian Road,       LI Weiguo      0351-4073321
                                                             Xing Hua Ling District, Taiyuan City
           24      Heilongjiang      January 8, 2021      No. 99, Zhongyi Street, Daoli District,   FAN Hongwei    0451-87536666
                     Branch                                  Harbin City, Heilongjiang Province
           25      Xinjiang Branch   January 12, 2021     No. 446, Nanhu North Road, Shuimogou XU Rongrong         0991-4165678
                                                             District, Urumqi City, Xinjiang
           26      Gansu Branch      January 12, 2021     Room 001, 2/F, Block B, Yongli Building, QU Jianping     0931-8826000
                                                             No. 58 Gaolan Road, Chengguan
                                                             District, Lanzhou City, Gansu Province
           27      Inner Mongolia    January 12, 2021     Room 101, Building 105, Yuan Yi Xin Jia WU Xing          0471-6248166
                     Branch                                  Yuan, Wulanchabu East Road, Saihan
                                                             District, Hohhot City, Inner Mongolia
                                                             Autonomous Region
           28      Guangxi Branch    January 14, 2021     Units 05, 06-01, 22/F, East Office        DENG Linwei    0771-8022233
                                                             Building, Nanning China Resources
                                                             Center, No. 136-1 Minzu Avenue,
                                                             Qingxiu District, Nanning
           29      Beijing           January 15, 2021     No. 6 Dongzhimen South Street,            WANG Ying      010-64156666
                     Dongcheng                               Dongcheng District, Beijing
                     Branch



16 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                   SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                          KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                                Date of
 No.         Branch             establishment        Registered address                         Head             Contact number


 30          Anhui Branch       January 15, 2021     Rooms 113 & 114, Buildings 1 and 2,        LIU Yong         0551-65501717
                                                       Fengle Century Apartment, No. 499
                                                       Changjiang West Road, Shushan
                                                       District, Hefei City, Anhui Province
 31          Qinghai Branch     January 18, 2021     No. 26-2, Building 1, No. 126 Xiguan       SUN Yu           0971-8276771
                                                       Street, Chengxi District, Xining City,
                                                       Qinghai Province
 32          Beijing            January 20, 2021     Building 4, No. 66 Anli Road, Chaoyang     QIN Hongliang    010-56326080
               Chaoyang                                District, Beijing
               Branch
 33          Beijing Haidian    January 20, 2021     Room 108 on 1/F, and the entire second LIU Zihui            010-82666923
               Branch                                   floor of No. 18 Danling Street, Haidian
                                                        District, Beijing
 34          Beijing Jingnan    January 26, 2021     Meiyuan Market South Section, No.           WANG Shi        010-68759957
               Branch                                   15 Nanda Hongmen Road, Fengtai
                                                        District, Beijing
 35          Beijing Jingxi     January 29, 2021     No. 39 Sanlihe Road, Haidian District,      MENG Qingfeng   010-58739666
               Branch                                   Beijing
 36          Yunnan Branch      February 2, 2021     2/F, Hydropower Technology Building,        HUANG Jun       0871-63117584
                                                        No. 115 Renmin East Road, Panlong
                                                        District, Kunming City, Yunnan
                                                        Province
 37          Hebei Branch       February 9, 2021     Room 601 and Shops 101 and 102,             CHEN Gang       0311-86682430
                                                        Office Building 1, Wufang Building,
                                                        88 West Street, Chang’an District,
                                                        Shijiazhuang City
 38          Ningbo Branch      October 9, 2021      Room (3-1), No. 562 Zhenming Road,          JU Fengliang    0574-87705128
                                                        Haishu District, Ningbo City, Zhejiang
                                                        Province
 39          Xiamen Branch      June 8, 2022         Units 01, 02 and 03, 8/F, Xiamen            CHEN Ling       0592-2075995
                                                        Century Center, No. 50 Minzu Road,
                                                        Siming District, Xiamen City
 40          Suzhou Branch      June 13, 2022        Rooms 101 & 501, Xinghai International HUANG Zhijun         0512-67152188
                                                        Business Plaza, No. 200 Xinghai
                                                        Street, Suzhou Industrial Park
 41          Qingdao Branch     July 1, 2024         No. 49 Nanjing Road, Shinan District,       YANG Kai        0532-82650714
                                                        Qingdao
 42          Changzhou          July 10, 2024        Nos. 23, 25, 27 and 29, Yanling West        GAO Bo          0519-88854580
               Branch                                   Road, Changzhou
 43          Wuxi Branch        July 10, 2024        No. 88-1, Xinjiangnan Garden, Wuxi City HUANG Yao           0510-81811155
 44          Quanzhou           July 12, 2024        1/F, West Podium, Huangxing Building, LIN Zhefu             0595-28391976
               Branch                                   Middle Section of Fengze Street,
                                                        Fengze District, Quanzhou
 45          Dalian Branch      August 15, 2024      No. 1-1, No. Yue 1-1-1 and Nos. 07 and PIAO Yi              0411-82658669
                                                        08, 6/F, Nova International Center,
                                                        No. 20 Yide Street, Zhongshan
                                                        District, Dalian City, Liaoning Province

Note:   For the date of establishment of the above branches, the date of obtaining the “License to Operate Securities and
        Futures Business” (
                         《經營證券期貨業務許可證》             ) shall prevail for any occurrence after January 1, 2020.




                                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                        17
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                 2.    Securities Business Departments

                       As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had a total of 272 securities business
                       departments. The network of the securities business departments was as follows:

                                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                            securities business
                        Districts                                                                  departments


                        Beijing                                                                             50
                        Guangdong                                                                           32
                        Jiangsu                                                                             19
                        Shanghai                                                                            18
                        Hubei                                                                               16
                        Zhejiang                                                                            16
                        Jiangxi                                                                             15
                        Fujian                                                                              14
                        Hunan                                                                               12
                        Shandong                                                                            12
                        Chongqing                                                                           11
                        Shaanxi                                                                             10
                        Sichuan                                                                              9
                        Henan                                                                                8
                        Hebei                                                                                6
                        Tianjin                                                                              6
                        Liaoning                                                                             5
                        Hainan                                                                               3
                        Anhui                                                                                2
                        Gansu                                                                                2
                        Heilongjiang                                                                         2
                        Jilin                                                                                1
                        Shanxi                                                                               1
                        Guangxi                                                                              1
                        Xinjiang                                                                             1


                        Total                                                                              272


          (IV)   Number and Network of Other Branches

                 As of the end of the Reporting Period, China Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
                 had a total of 30 branches, including three branches in Shanghai, three branches in Beijing,
                 three branches in Chongqing and two branches in Guangzhou; and one branch in each of Jinan,
                 Changsha, Dalian, Nanchang, Zhengzhou, Langfang, Zhangzhou, Hefei, Xi’an, Chengdu, Shenzhen,
                 Hangzhou, Ningbo, Wuhan, Nanjing, Taiyuan, Hainan, Fuzhou and Suzhou.




18 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                 SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                        KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


VII. OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION

    Accounting firm engaged by             Name                          KPMG Huazhen LLP
      the Company (domestic)               Office address                8th Floor, Tower E2, Oriental Plaza,
                                                                           1 East Chang An Avenue,
                                                                           Dongcheng District, Beijing
                                           Names of signing              GUAN Yiming and WANG Guobei
                                             accountants

    Accounting firm engaged by             Name                          KPMG
      the Company (overseas)               Office address                8th Floor, Prince’s Building,
                                                                           10 Chater Road, Central,
                                                                           Hong Kong
                                           Name of signing accountant    Lee Lok Man

    Share Registrar                        A Share Registrar             China Securities Depository and
                                                                           Clearing Corporation Limited
                                           H Share Registrar             Computershare Hong Kong Investor
                                                                           Services Limited

VIII. KEY ACCOUNTING DATA

                                                                                              Unit: RMB million

                                                                                    Increase/
                                                                                 decrease as
                                                                                   compared
                                                                                 to the same
                                                                                       period
     Items                                                  2025         2024        last year             2023
                                                                                           (%)


     Total revenue and other income                    34,985           30,140          16.07             31,730
     Operating profit                                  11,733            8,682          35.14              8,364
     Profit before income tax                          11,737            8,690          35.06              8,372
     Net profit attributable to equity holders          9,439            7,223          30.68              7,034
       of the Company
     Net cash flow from operating activities           42,720            1,065       3,911.27            -10,127

                                                                                              Unit: RMB million

                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                  decrease as
                                                                                 compared to
                                                 December 31, December 31,          the end of December 31,
     Items                                             2025          2024             last year       2023
                                                                                            (%)


     Total assets                                     676,816        566,418            19.49            522,752
     Total liabilities                                557,665        459,899            21.26            425,226
     Equity attributable to equity
       holders of the Company                         119,102        106,469            11.87             97,478
     Total share capital                                7,757          7,757                –              7,757



                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            19
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


    IX.   KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS

                                                                                                          Increase/
                                                                                                       decrease as
                                                                                                         compared
                                                                                                       to the same
                                                                                                             period
            Items                                                         2025               2024          last year               2023
                                                                                                                 (%)


            Basic earnings per Share                                       1.09               0.79             37.97                0.78
              (RMB Yuan/Share)
            Diluted earnings per Share                                     1.09               0.79             37.97                0.78
              (RMB Yuan/Share)
            Return on weighted average equity (%)                        10.53                8.24         Increase                 8.61
                                                                                                            by 2.29
                                                                                                         percentage
                                                                                                              points

          Note:     Return on weighted average equity above is calculated in accordance with the International Accounting Standards,
                    and is different from that calculated in accordance with the relevant regulations stipulated under the Rules for the
                    Compilation and Reporting of Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 9 – Calculation
                    and Disclosure of Return on Net Assets and Earnings per Share (2010 Revision) from the CSRC.


                                                                                                          Increase/
                                                                                                       decrease as
                                                                                                         compared
                                                                                                       to the same
                                                               December 31, December 31,                     period December 31,
            Items                                                    2025          2024                    last year       2023
                                                                                                                 (%)


            Net assets per Share attributable                            15.35              13.73              11.80              12.57
              to equity holders of the Company
             (RMB Yuan/Share)
            Gearing ratio (%)                                            76.21              75.49          Increase               76.81
                                                                                                            by 0.72
                                                                                                         percentage
                                                                                                               point

          Notes:

          (1)       The net assets per Share attributable to equity holders of the Company shown in the table above included the
                    perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company. After excluding such impact, the net assets per Share
                    attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company as at the end of Reporting Period was RMB10.69 (December
                    31, 2024: RMB9.88).

          (2)       Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients – accounts payable to underwriting clients)/
                    (Total assets – accounts payable to brokerage clients – accounts payable to underwriting clients)




20 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                       SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                              KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


X.    NET CAPITAL AND RELEVANT RISK CONTROL INDICATORS OF THE
      COMPANY

                                                                                        December 31,              December 31,
       Items                                                                                   2025                      2024


       Net capital (RMB million)                                                                  79,599                  74,675
       Net assets (RMB million)                                                                  111,881                 100,964
       Total risk capital reserves (RMB million)                                                  33,658                  35,687
       Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                                    236.50                  209.25
       Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                                  15.46                   15.78
       Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                               266.44                  423.26
       Net stable funding ratio (%)                                                               190.75                  216.29
       Net capital/net assets (%)                                                                  71.15                   73.96
       Net capital/liabilities (%)                                                                 24.49                   25.50
       Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                                  34.42                   34.47
       Proprietary equity securities and securities derivatives/
         net capital (%)                                                                            22.43                   24.22
       Proprietary non-equity securities and securities derivatives/
         net capital (%)                                                                          306.44                   306.33

      Note:    The CSRC revised the Requirements on Calculation Standards for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies
               (CSRC Announcement [2024] No. 13) in September 2024, and the new calculation standards came into effect on
               January 1, 2025. According to these requirements, the Company restated net capital and various risk control indicators
               as at December 31,2024.


XI.   FINANCIAL POSITION FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS

      Profit Status

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million

       Items                                                2025            2024            2023             2022            2021


       Total revenue and other income                    34,985           30,140          31,730          29,877           32,497
       Total expenses                                    23,252           21,458          23,366          20,419           19,478
       Share of profits of associates                         3                8               7              14                2
       Profit before income tax                          11,737            8,690           8,372           9,472           13,021
       Net profit attributable to equity
         holders of the Company                            9,439           7,223            7,034           7,519          10,239




                                                                       Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                       21
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


          Assets Status

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB million

                                                         December         December        December        December        December
            Items                                          31,2025         31, 2024        31, 2023        31, 2022        31, 2021


            Share capital                                     7,757           7,757            7,757           7,757           7,757
            Total equity                                    119,150         106,519           97,526          93,296          80,006
            Equity attributable to equity
              holders of the Company                        119,102         106,469          97,478          93,251          79,818
            Total liabilities                               557,665         459,899         425,226         415,910         372,785
            Accounts payable to brokerage
              clients                                       175,840         130,642         100,924         109,294           93,083
            Accounts payable to underwriting
              clients                                            95           1,137           1,263             607             478
            Total assets                                    676,816         566,418         522,752         509,206         452,791

          Key Financial Indicators

            Items                                               2025            2024            2023            2022            2021


            Dividends per Share                               0.340
              (RMB Yuan/Share)                             (Budget)            0.255           0.250           0.270           0.395
            Basic earnings per Share
              (RMB Yuan/Share)                                   1.09            0.79            0.78            0.86            1.25
            Diluted earnings per Share
              (RMB Yuan/Share)                                   1.09            0.79            0.78            0.86            1.25
            Return on weighted average
              equity (%)                                       10.53            8.24            8.61           10.05           15.86
            Gearing ratio (%)                                  76.21           75.49           76.81           76.64           77.73

         Notes:

          (1)       The above accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the amounts received from and repayable to clients arising
                    from securities trading conducted by the Group on behalf of clients in the normal course of business. Such amounts
                    are subject to regulation of third-party depository institutions.

          (2)       The budget for dividends per share for 2025 includes RMB0.165 Yuan/Share cash dividends distributed in the interim
                    period.




22 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                               SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                      KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


Total revenue and other income                         Net profit attributable to
(Unit: RMB million)                                    equity holders of the Company
                                                       (Unit: RMB million)

                                             34,985
 32,497                  31,730                           10,239
               29,877              30,140                                                            9,439

                                                                        7,519              7,223
                                                                                 7,034




  2021          2022      2023      2024      2025          2021         2022     2023     2024      2025


Total assets                                 676,816   Equity attributable to equity
(Unit: RMB million)                                    holders of the Company
                                                       (Unit: RMB million)
                                   566,418
              509,206    522,752                                                                    119,102
                                                                                          106,469
 452,791                                                                         97,478
                                                                        93,251
                                                          79,818




  2021          2022     2023      2024       2025         2021          2022    2023      2024      2025


Return on weighted average equity                      Gearing ratio


                                                         77.73%        76.64%    76.81%   75.49%    76.21%
  15.86%


                10.05%                        10.53%
                          8.61%      8.24%




   2021          2022     2023       2024      2025        2021          2022    2023      2024      2025




                                                        Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            23
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


    XII. HONORS RECEIVED BY THE GROUP IN 2025

           Category of Award Awarding Organization        Name of Award
                             The People’s Bank of China   2024 Fintech Development Award (First Prize)
                                                          2025 Best Practice Case of Board of Public Companies
                                                          2025 Best Practice Case of Board Offices of Public Companies
                             China Association for        2025 Best Practice Case of Sustainable Development of Public Companies
                             Public Companies             2025 Outstanding Practice Case of Internal Control of Public Companies
                                                          2024 Best Practice Case of Investor Relations Management of Public Companies
                                                          2024 Outstanding Practice Case of Annual Results Briefings of Public Companies
                                                          2025 Golden Bull Awards for Securities Companies:
                             China Securities Journal         Golden Bull Securities Company, Golden Bull Award for
                                                              ESG in Securities Industry
           Comprehensive     China Federation of
           Awards                                         2025 Top 100 Outstanding Cases in Data Management, Second Prize in the “Data
                             Electronics and
                                                          Intelligence Cup” Data Management Innovation Application Competition
                             Information Industry
                                                          2025 Junding Awards for China Futures Industry:
                             Securities Times                 Outstanding Futures Company for Serving the Real
                                                              Economy (China Futures)
                                                          The 18th China Best Futures Institutions & Best Futures Research Teams Awards:
                                                              Best Futures Company in China, China Futures Company Gold Medal
                             Futures Daily and            Management Team, Outstanding Contribution Award for Green Financial Services,
                             Securities Times             Best Comprehensive Rural Revitalization, Social Responsibility & Public Welfare
                                                          Award, Best Practice Award for Cultural Construction in the Futures Industry, Best
                                                          Public Opinion Management and Corporate Brand Building Award (China Futures)




24 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                              SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                     KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


Category of Award Awarding Organization           Name of Award
                                                  2025 Junding Award for China Securities Industry Investment Bank:
                                                      Full-service Investment Bank, Equity Financing Investment Bank, Bond
                                                  Financing Investment Bank, M&A Restructuring Financial Advisor, and Overseas
                  Securities Times                Investment Bank
                                                      Outstanding Cases of “14th Five-Year Plan” Financial Innovation – Synergistic
                                                  Innovation Cases
                                                  New Fortune Magazine Best Investment Bank Selection (2025):
                                                      Best Local Investment Bank, Best Equity Underwriting Investment Bank, Best
                                                  IPO Investment Bank, Best Refinancing Investment Bank, Best Investment Bank in
                                                  the Consumption-related Industry, Best Investment Bank in Health Industry, Best
                  New Fortune                     Investment Bank in the Technology and Intelligent Manufacturing Industry, Best
                                                  Investment Bank in the New Energy Industry, Best Debt Underwriting Investment
                                                  Bank, Best M&A Investment Bank, Best Investment Bank in Overseas Market
                                                  Capability, Best ESG Practice Investment Bank, Best Corporate Bond Investment
                                                  Bank, Best Investment Bank for Asset-backed Securitization (ABS)
Investment                                        2025 Jinding Award of the Securities Industry:
Banking Segment   National Business Daily
                                                      Best Manager of Securities Firms’ Investment Banking of the Year
                  CNR News of China Media Group CNR Network Finance Center’s 2025 “Golden Pinnacle” Excellent Case
                                                  2025 Wind Best Investment Bank Selection:
                                                       Best Investment Bank for the Year, Best Equity Underwriter for A Shares,
                                                  Best IPO Underwriter for A Shares, Best Re-financing Underwriter for A Shares,
                                                  Best STAR Market Equity Underwriter, Best NEEQ Chief Securities Firm, Best
                                                  Equity Underwriter for A-Shares in Intelligent Manufacturing Industry, Best Equity
                                                  Underwriter for A-Shares in Information Technology Industry, Best IPO Sponsor
                                                  for H Shares, Best China M&A and Restructuring Financial Advisor, Best Bond
                  Wind Info
                                                  Underwriter, Best Credit Bond Underwriter, Best Med – to Long-Term Bond
                                                  Underwriter, Best ABS Underwriter, Best Credit ABS Underwriter, Best Enterprise
                                                  ABS Underwriter, Best ABN Underwriter, Best Financial Bond Underwriter,
                                                  Best Corporate Bond Underwriter, Best Enterprise Bond Underwriter, Best
                                                  Convertible Bond Underwriter, Best Green Bond Underwriter, Best Industrial Bond
                                                  Underwriter, Best Science and Technology Innovation Bond Underwriter, Best
                                                  Underwriter of Offshore Bond Issued by Chinese Enterprises




                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                              25
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


           Category of Award Awarding Organization             Name of Award
                             Shanghai Stock Exchange
                             Shenzhen Stock Exchange
                                                               Grade A in Investor Education Work Assessment
                             Beijing Stock Exchange
                             Securities Association of China
                                                               2025 Junding Award for China Securities Industry Wealth Broker:
                                                                   Full-service Wealth Broker, APP Pioneer, APP Operational Team, Institutional
                             Securities Times
                                                               Service Provider, 2025 Full-service Junding Award for Digital Practice of China
                                                               Securities Industry
                                                               2025 Jinqilin Best Wealth Management Institution Selection:
                             Sina Finance
                                                                   Pioneer Award for Best Global Traffic Operation

           Wealth                                              The 8th New Fortune Best Investment Advisor Selection:
                             New Fortune
           Management                                              Best Investment Advisory Team, Outstanding Organization Award
           Business                                            The 2nd Huazun Award for Wealth Management:
                             Cailian Press
           Segment                                                 Best Wealth Management Institution, Best ETF Ecosystem Award
                                                               The 9th China Securities Firms Yinghua Demonstration Cases:
                                                                   Demonstration Institution for Excellent Wealth Management of Securities
                                                               Firms, Outstanding Fintech Demonstration Institution Among Securities Firms,
                             Chinafund                         APP Demonstration Cases for Excellent Securities Firms
                                                               The 10th China Securities Private Fund Yinghua Demonstration Cases:
                                                                   Outstanding Securities Firm for Private Fund Distribution
                                                               2025 Best Securities Firm APP, Best Organization Award for Investor Education
                             National Business Daily
                                                               Activities, Most Influential Investor Education Base of Securities Firm Entities
                                                               2024 Case for Excellent Futures Trader Education, 2024 Outstanding Case
                             China Futures Association
                                                               of Futures Institutions Serving the Real Economy (China Futures)




26 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                 SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
                                                        KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


Category of Award Awarding Organization           Name of Award

                                                  Excellent RMB Foreign Exchange Non-Bank Member, Excellent RMB Foreign
                  China Foreign Exchange          Exchange Member, Excellent RMB Foreign Exchange Spot Member, Outstanding
                  Trade System                    RMB Foreign Exchange Options Member, Outstanding FX Pair Member and
                                                  Improved FX Pair Member

                  China Central Depository &      2025 CCDC Member Business Development Quality Evaluation: Top 100 in
                  Clearing Co., Ltd.              Proprietary Settlement
                                                  2025 Excellent Bond Connect Institutions:
                  Bond Connect Company Limited        Northbound Top Market Maker, Excellent Institution for Primary Market –
                                                  Underwriter
                                                  2025 Sixteenth Golden Bull Award for Securities Industry Analyst:
                  China Securities Journal            Golden Bull Research Institute, Best Industry Analyst Teams (Pharmaceuticals
                                                  & Biotechnology, Non-ferrous Metal, Textiles & Apparel)
                                                  2025 Securities Times Best Analyst Awards:
                                                      Most Influential Research Institute, Best Research Team-SSR, Best
Trading and
                  Securities Times                Industry Research Team (Finance, Technology), Best Analyst (Pharmaceuticals
Institutional
                                                  & Biotechnology, Banking, New Energy & Power Equipment, Metal & New Metal
Client Services
                                                  Materials, Real Estate, Overseas Market Research)
Business
Segment                                           The 7th Sina Finance “Jinqilin” Best Analyst Awards in 2025:
                  Sina Finance                        Best Research Institution, Best Frontier Technology Research Institution,
                                                  Most Honorable Research Institution, etc.
                                                  2025 Shanghai Securities News Best Analyst Awards:
                                                      Most Influential Securities Research Institute, Best Analyst Teams
                  Shanghai Securities News
                                                  (Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology, Real Estate, New Energy Power Equipment,
                                                  Materials, Research on BSE, etc.)
                                                  The 19th (2025) Crystal Ball Awards For Chinese Sell-Side Analysts:
                                                      Most Influential Institute, Best Analyst Teams (Pharmaceuticals &
                  Securities Market Weekly
                                                  Biotechnology, New Energy, Power Equipment, Non-ferrous Metal, Small-cap
                                                  Stocks and Emerging Industry, etc.)
                                                  The 10th China Securities Private Fund Yinghua Demonstration Case:
                  Chinafund
                                                      Outstanding Securities Firm for Private Fund Custody
                                                  “G3 Bonds Top Investment House” – First Place Among Securities Firms in Hong
                  The Asset Benchmark Research    Kong, “Local Currency Bonds（Renminbi - Offshore） Top Investment House” –
                                                  First Place Among Securities Firms in Hong Kong (China Securities International)




                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                            27
    SECTION 2 COMPANY PROFILE AND
    KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS


           Category of Award Awarding Organization           Name of Award
                                                             2025 Golden Bull Awards for Collective Asset Management Plans of Securities
                                                             Firms:
                                                                 One-year Hybrid Bond (Secondary) Golden Bull Asset Management Plan,
                                                             Three-year Hybrid Bond (Primary) Golden Bull Asset Management Plan
                             China Securities Journal
                                                             The 9th Equity Investment Golden Bull Awards:
                                                                  Outstanding Golden Bull Equity Investment Institution of Securities Firms,
                                                             Golden Bull Award for Investment Institutions in the Field of Artificial Intelligence
                                                             (China Capital)
                                                             2025 Junding Awards for Asset Management of China Securities Industry:
                             Securities Times                    Full-service Asset Management Institution, Asset Management Quantitative
                                                             Team, Asset Management Equity Team
                                                             The 3rd Cailian Press “Gold Hazelnut” Asset Management Institution Excellent
                                                             Case Selection:
                             Cailian Press                       Excellent Asset Management Institution for Securities Firms, Excellent
                                                             Fixed-Income Asset Management Team for Securities Firms; Best Futures Asset
                                                             Management, Star Yield Multi-Asset Hybrid Strategy Product (China Futures)
           Asset                                             The 9th Yinghua Demonstration Cases for Securities Firms in China:
           Management                                            Outstanding Securities Firm Asset Management Demonstration Institution
                             Chinafund
           Business                                          2025 Yinghua Typical Cases for the Asset Management Industry in China:
           Segment                                           ESG Development Asset Management Institution
                                                             2025 Jinding Award of the Securities Industry:
                             National Business Daily
                                                                 Best Equity Asset Management Team of the Year
                                                             TOP 20 Best State-owned Investment Institutions, TOP 10 Private Equity
                             ChinaVenture                    Investment Institutions in China Getting the Most Attention from LP, TOP 30 Best
                                                             Limited Partners in Venture Capital in China (China Capital)
                                                             2025 China Equity Investment Annual Ranking:
                                                                   Top 50 Institutional Limited Partners in Equity Investment in China, Top 50
                             Zero2IPO Group                  Private Equity Investment Institutions in China, Top 50 “Specialized, Refined,
                                                             Differential and Innovative” Investment Institutions in China, Top 20 Investment
                                                             Institutions in New Materials in China (China Capital)
                             China REITs 50 Forum,
                             Zhuhai Real Estate
                                                             2025 Real Estate Securitization “Frontier Award” Evaluation:
                             Investment Trust Fund
                                                                 Best Fund Manager of the Year, Outstanding Team of the Year, and Most
                             Association, China
                                                             Investment-Worthy listed REITs (China Fund)
                             Financial Advanced
                             Forum

         Note:   All of the awards and honors not specifically marked above are received by the parent company.




28 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
     SECTION 3 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


I.    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

      As of December 31, 2025, the total assets of the Group were RMB676,816 million, representing an
      increase of 19.49% as compared to December 31, 2024; equity attributable to equity holders of the
      Company was RMB119,102 million, representing an increase of 11.87% as compared to December 31,
      2024; during the Reporting Period, total revenue and other income of the Group amounted to RMB34,985
      million in aggregate, representing a year-on-year (“YoY”) increase of 16.07%; total expenses amounted to
      RMB23,252 million, representing a YoY increase of 8.36%; net profit attributable to equity holders of the
      Company amounted to RMB9,439 million, representing a YoY increase of 30.68%.

      The principal businesses of the Group comprise four segments: investment banking business segment,
      wealth management business segment, trading and institutional client services business segment, and
      asset management business segment. During the Reporting Period, total revenue and other income of
      the investment banking business segment amounted to RMB3,277 million in aggregate, representing a
      YoY increase of 22.41%; total revenue and other income of the wealth management business segment
      amounted to RMB12,494 million in aggregate, representing a YoY increase of 20.53%; total revenue and
      other income of the trading and institutional client services business segment amounted to RMB16,746
      million in aggregate, representing a YoY increase of 13.23%; total revenue and other income of the asset
      management business segment amounted to RMB1,453 million in aggregate, representing a YoY increase
      of 12.90%.

      (I)   Investment Banking Business Segment

            The Group’s investment banking business segment primarily includes equity financing business,
            debt financing business, and financial advisory business.

            1.     Equity Financing Business

                   In 2025, a total of 255 equity financing projects were issued in the primary market for
                   domestic equity financing, representing a YoY increase of 15.91%, and the funds raised
                   amounted to RMB856.101 billion, representing a YoY increase of 308.26%. Among them,
                   IPO projects amounted to 112, representing a YoY increase of 9.80%, and the funds raised
                   amounted to RMB130.835 billion, representing a YoY increase of 97.40%; equity refinancing
                   projects amounted to 143, representing a YoY increase of 21.19%, and the funds raised
                   amounted to RMB725.266 billion, representing a YoY increase of 405.71%. (Sources: Wind
                   Info, based on the statistics on the issuance date. IPO projects included listing projects
                   on the BSE, and refinancing projects excluded asset-based issuance of shares to specific
                   targets and convertible bonds)




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            29
    SECTION 3                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                            In 2025, a total of 450 equity financing projects were issued in the Hong Kong market,
                            representing a YoY increase of 89.87%, and the funds raised amounted to HK$740.789
                            billion, representing a YoY increase of 174.62%. Among them, IPO projects amounted
                            to 114 1, representing a YoY increase of 70.15%, and the funds raised amounted to
                            HK$286.462 billion, representing a YoY increase of 226.15%. 3362 refinancing projects
                            were issued, representing a YoY increase of 97.65%, and the funds raised amounted to
                            HK$454.327 billion, representing a YoY increase of 149.74%. (Sources: Dealogic, based on
                            the statistics on the issuance date)

                            In 2025, the Company responded to challenges positively, and remained among the top
                            market players in terms of equity financing business. For domestic business, the Company
                            completed 33 A-Share equity financing projects, with the lead underwriting amount of
                            RMB91.773 billion, ranking No. 3 and No. 5 in the industry, respectively. Among them, there
                            were 12 IPOs in which the Company served as the lead underwriter, with a lead underwriting
                            amount of RMB19.661 billion, ranking No. 3 and No. 2 in the industry, respectively. The
                            Company also completed 21 equity refinancing projects, with the lead underwriting amount
                            of RMB72.112 billion, ranking No. 3 and No. 5 in the industry, respectively. The Company
                            actively implemented national strategies, and, acting as the sponsor or lead underwriter,
                            assisted Bank of China, China Construction Bank, Bank of Communications and Postal
                            Savings Bank of China in completing the issuance of A-shares to specific targets, assisting
                            the first batch of four large state-owned commercial banks in successfully completing their
                            core tier 1 capital supplementation projects. The Company deepened its commitment to
                            serving the national innovation system, serving 22 equity financing projects for technology-
                            based enterprises with an underwriting amount exceeding RMB30.0 billion, and successfully
                            completing IPO projects for companies including China National Uranium, Tianyouwei,
                            Qiangyi Shares, OnMicro and Hengkun New Materials. In full response to the requirements
                            of national defense and military modernization, the Company served AVIC Shenyang Aircraft,
                            a key enterprise in the research and manufacturing of aviation defense equipment in China,
                            in its equity refinancing projects. In addition, the Company completed three convertible
                            bond projects for listed companies, with the lead underwriting amount of RMB4.249 billion.
                            (Sources: Wind Info and statistics of the Company)




    1   The statistical scope of IPO projects in Hong Kong stock market only includes IPOs issued on the Hong Kong Main Board,
        excluding GEM Transfer, Listing by Introduction or De-SPAC, etc.
    2   The statistical scope of refinancing projects in Hong Kong stock market includes equity financing (such as placement, allotment of
        shares, non-public issuance, etc.) and hybrid financing instruments (such as convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds, etc.).




30 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
SECTION 3              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


  For domestic project reserves, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had
  30 IPO projects under review, ranking No. 3 in the industry; 14 equity refinancing projects
  (including convertible bonds) under review, ranking No. 4 in the industry. (Sources: CSRC,
  Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, Beijing Stock Exchange, Wind Info and statistics
  of the Company)

  Details of the domestic equity financing business sponsored and underwritten by the
  Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Shenzhen Stock Exchange and Beijing Stock
  Exchange in 2025 are shown in the table below:

                                                        2025                                  2024
                                          Amount of lead         Number of      Amount of lead         Number of
   Items                                    underwriting          offerings       underwriting          offerings
                                         (RMB’00 million)                      (RMB’00 million)


   IPO                                             196.61                 12             61.77                12
   Refinancing issuance                            721.12                 21             88.83                15


   Total                                           917.73                 33            150.60                27


  Source: Statistics of the Company

  Note:    The statistical scope of refinancing includes rights issue, public placement, financing-oriented private
           placement (inclusive of issuance of shares to specific targets and reorganization ancillary financing)
           and preference shares, but excludes asset-oriented issuance of shares to specific targets.


  In 2025, the Company completed the listing of 22 companies on the NEEQ, and completed
  the private placement projects for 7 enterprises listed on the NEEQ with total proceeds of
  RMB832 million (including one self-underwritten issuance). As of the end of the Reporting
  Period, the Company had continuously supervised 70 innovative enterprises listed on the
  NEEQ. (Sources: NEEQ Co. Ltd. and Choice Financial Terminal)




                                                    Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                        31
    SECTION 3                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                            For international business, in 2025, China Securities International participated in and
                            completed a total of seven IPO sponsorship projects for H Shares in the Hong Kong market,
                            including one De-SPAC project, with funds raised from equity financing of HK$45.839 billion.
                            In particular, as a joint sponsor, China Securities International provided services for the
                            IPO project for H Shares of CATL, a global leader in new energy, raising HK$41.006 billion
                            and being the largest Hong Kong IPO in recent four years and the largest Hong Kong IPO
                            project in the new energy industry in history, and provided services for the IPO project for
                            H Shares of CiDi Inc., being the largest Hong Kong IPO project listed pursuant to Chapter
                            18C3 in 2025. In addition, China Securities International participated in and completed three
                            refinancing projects in the Hong Kong market, raising a total of USD2.35 billion. In particular,
                            as a placing agent, China Securities International provided services for the refinancing
                            projects of Laopu Gold, a heritage gold jewelry brand, and China Hongqiao, a global
                            leader in the aluminum industry. As a joint global coordinator, China Securities International
                            provided services for the convertible bond project of ZTE Corporation, a provider of
                            communication and information technology solutions. (Sources: Dealogic and statistics of
                            the Company)

                           Outlook for 2026

                            In 2026, the investment banking business of the Company will face both opportunities
                            and challenges. With the continuous improvement of the inclusiveness and adaptability
                            of the domestic capital market system, the development of investment banking business
                            has gained favorable external conditions. The Company will prioritize the functional role of
                            its investment banking business, actively contributing to the construction of the modern
                            industrial system and the achievement of sci-tech self-reliance and self-strengthening at
                            higher levels, thereby accelerating the growth of new quality productive forces. In the field
                            of equity financing, the Company will keep on focusing on clients’ needs, deepen the matrix
                            layout of “industry + region + products”, continuously improve the quality and efficiency
                            of service to the real economy, fully commit to building a value-oriented, new-quality and
                            digital-intelligent investment bank, establish a new client-driven development model, and
                            focus on enhancing its international presence. At the same time, the Company will remain
                            committed to its role as “Gatekeeper” (看門人) of the capital market by continuously
                            improving quality of practice through intensified quality control efforts. The Company
                            will keep a close eye on the market developments to optimize valuation and distribution
                            capabilities. The Company will support the two-way opening-up of the capital market to
                            promote the steady development of the equity financing business in Hong Kong; and will
                            continuously strengthen the synergistic development of investment and other businesses of
                            the Company to enhance the capability to provide comprehensive services for our clients.

                            For international business, China Securities International will continue to expand its business
                            scope in the Hong Kong market, realize the diversified development of various business
                            areas, such as the homecoming of China-concept stocks, privatization of Hong Kong stocks
                            and cross-border acquisitions, and further enhance the capability to provide comprehensive
                            services to clients.




    3   Hong Kong Stock Exchange Chapter 18C Projects refer to equity financing initiatives by specialized technology companies seeking
        listing under Chapter 18C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



32 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


2.   Debt Financing Business

     In 2025, yield rate in the domestic bond market fluctuated in general. The total issuance
     scale of credit bonds and local government bonds in the whole market amounted to
     RMB32.52 trillion, representing a YoY increase of 7.70%. In particular, the total underwriting
     scale by securities companies amounted to RMB15.97 trillion, representing a YoY increase
     of 12.97%. In terms of overseas bond market, the offshore bond issuance volume of
     Chinese-funded enterprises amounted to approximately US$285.69 billion in 2025,
     representing a YoY increase of 45.14%. (Sources: Wind Info, Bloomberg)

     In 2025, the Company continued to maintain a leading position in the industry for its
     domestic debt financing business, and completed a total of 5,131 lead underwriting projects,
     with a lead underwriting amount of RMB1,733.490 billion, ranking No. 2 in the industry.
     Among them, there were 1,497 corporate bond projects under the lead underwriting, with a
     lead underwriting amount of RMB552.353 billion, both ranking No. 3 in the industry. (Source:
     Wind Info)

     In 2025, the Company actively followed national strategies and delivered good performance
     in the “Five Major Areas” in Finance. The Company ranked No. 3 in the industry in terms
     of the number and amount of the lead underwriting of green bonds, and ranked No. 2
     in the industry in terms of the number and amount of the lead underwriting of science
     and technology innovation corporate bonds. (Source: Wind Info) The Company actively
     responded to the strategic deployment outlined at the Central Financial Work Conference
     regarding the advancement of the “technology finance”. As the lead underwriter and
     bookrunner, the Company assisted the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China in
     launching the first batch of science and technology innovation bonds, with an issuance
     scale of RMB20 billion. The Company served China Gezhouba Group in successfully issuing
     the first bond in the whole market for the development of the Yangtze River Economic Belt,
     with an issuance scale of RMB2 billion. As the scheme administrator and sales agency, the
     Company assisted SPIC in launching a blue carbon-neutrality REITs project. This project
     achieved an annual carbon reduction of approximately 500,000 tons, being one of the first
     batch of offshore wind power demonstration projects in Shandong Province and serving as
     an excellent example of actively advancing the development of new energy and promoting
     green and low-carbon transition.




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              33
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    The domestic debt financing business of the Company in 2025 is shown in the table below:

                                                                   2025                                            2024
                                             Amount of lead     Total project   Number of      Amount of lead    Total project   Number of
                     Items                     underwriting             scale    offerings       underwriting            scale    offerings
                                            (RMB’00 million) (RMB’00 million)                (RMB’00 million) (RMB’00 million)


                     Corporate bonds               5,523.53         16,821.76        1,497         4,728.24         12,913.58        1,160
                     Financial bonds               3,277.05         30,189.60          355         3,335.63         25,885.20          299
                     Debt financing
                       instruments                 1,835.04          6,149.24         617          2,017.98          7,323.75          614
                     Asset-backed
                       securities                  1,613.48          4,089.73         955          1,490.67          3,289.49          753
                     Local government
                       bonds                       4,913.73         71,749.49        1,693         4,333.86         61,743.25        1,234
                     Others                          172.07            730.00           14            10.00            100.00            2

                     Total                        17,334.90        129,729.82        5,131        15,916.38        111,255.27        4,062


                    Source: Wind Info

                    Note 1: To present the debt financing business in detail, the statistical item categories were adjusted in the
                            Reporting Period based on the public information of Wind Info and the information of the same period
                            last year was adjusted accordingly.


                    Note 2: The “Corporate bonds” category includes enterprise bonds, and “Others” category includes
                            international institution bonds and government-backed agency bonds.


                    For international business, in 2025, China Securities International participated in and
                    completed 222 bond underwriting projects in offshore market, with an underwriting amount
                    of HK$459.127 billion, among which, there were a total of 81 global coordinator projects,
                    with an underwriting amount of HK$166.381 billion.

                    Outlook for 2026

                    In the process of developing bond financing business, the Company will deliver good
                    performance in the “Five Major Areas” in Finance, serve the real economy and support
                    national strategies. The Company will further promote the matrix layout of “industry + region
                    + products”, steadfastly uphold the strategy of developing high-quality clients, continuously
                    strengthen the prevention and control of business risks, continuously deepen its businesses
                    related to heavy asset customers, further promote the Company’s internal business
                    synergies and provide clients with comprehensive and high-quality financial services.

                    For international business, China Securities International will continue to focus on and serve
                    core clients in offshore bond projects, leverage its professional strengths in international
                    credit ratings, ESG advisory, and other areas, and expand areas of cooperation with
                    enterprises; continue to enhance the quality of coordinated services between domestic and
                    overseas operations, leverage the resource advantage of integrated strategic cooperation,
                    provide diversified debt financing products, and strengthen full-chain service capability for
                    offshore bonds, continuously enhancing its market influence in the offshore bond financing
                    sector.




34 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


3.   Financial Advisory Business

     In 2025, A-share listed companies completed a total of 80 projects of acquisition of assets
     through issuance of shares and major asset restructuring, with a transaction amount of
     RMB470.571 billion. Among those projects, the Company completed 12 projects, ranking
     No. 1 in the industry; the transaction amount was RMB104.446 billion, ranking No. 2 in
     the industry. The Company actively supported the optimization of state-owned capital
     layout through merger and acquisition and restructuring services. In the transaction where
     CSSC absorbed and merged CSIC through the share swap, the Company served as the
     independent financial advisor to the absorbed party, which stands as the largest merger
     and acquisition and restructuring project under administrative approval completed in the
     A-share capital market to date. Meanwhile, the Company remained committed to supporting
     the high-quality development of listed companies through merger and acquisition and
     restructuring services, actively advancing “Five Major Areas” in Finance. In the field of
     green finance, serving as the independent financial advisor, the Company assisted Yuanda
     Environmental Protection in its share issuance and cash payment to acquire new energy
     assets from SPIC, helping SPIC build a hydroelectric asset integration platform. The
     Company also assisted SERES in its share issuance to acquire Longsheng New Energy,
     efficiently advancing the integration of new energy vehicle assets. In the field of technology
     finance, the Company assisted Huahai Chengke in its share issuance, convertible bond
     issuance and cash payment to acquire Hengsuo Huawei, facilitating the intra-industry
     integration of semiconductor packaging materials. This project is a representative project of
     mergers and acquisitions of new quality productive forces. (Sources: Wind Info and statistics
     of the Company)

     For international business, China Securities International participated in and completed three
     financial advisory projects in the Hong Kong market. Among these projects, China Securities
     International fully leveraged its integrated domestic and international advantages to assist
     ORG, a leading enterprise in the metal packaging industry, in acquiring COFCO Packaging
     and completing its privatization and delisting.




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              35
    SECTION 3           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      Outlook for 2026

                      In 2026, the Company will continue to uphold a customer-centric approach, leveraging
                      the synergistic mechanism of “investment banking-investment-investment and research”
                      to provide professional services for clients’ merger and acquisition transactions. This
                      will contribute to driving industrial upgrading, supporting enterprises in strengthening
                      and extending their supply chains, and building the second growth curve. The Company
                      will serve national strategies and commit more resources to mergers and acquisitions
                      of central state-owned enterprises and leading private enterprises, thereby supporting
                      enterprises in achieving high-quality development. The Company will enhance transaction
                      matching capabilities to promote the continuous growth of market-oriented merger and
                      acquisition business. In addition, the Company will vigorously develop cross-border merger
                      and acquisition business to serve the “going global” strategy of Chinese enterprises and
                      the “bringing in” strategy of foreign capital. Further efforts will be made to consolidate
                      advantages in the financial advisory field of bankruptcy restructuring of listed companies
                      in order to achieve balanced development of various types of merger and acquisition
                      businesses, thus continuously enhancing the market influence and brand awareness of the
                      Company’s merger and acquisition business.

                       For international business, China Securities International will continue to explore businesses
                       such as cross-border acquisitions, pre-IPO strategic financing and privatization in 2026 to
                       enhance its competitiveness in global merger and acquisition business.

          (II)   Wealth Management Business Segment

                 The Group’s wealth management business segment primarily includes brokerage and wealth
                 management businesses, margin financing and securities lending business, and repurchase
                 business.

                 1.   Brokerage and Wealth Management Business

                      In 2025, the A-share market experienced a significant increase in trading activity,
                      characterized by a simultaneous rise in both trading volume and price, with market
                      transaction scale expanding substantially. The average daily stock and fund trading volume
                      across the entire market amounted to approximately RMB2.07 trillion, representing a YoY
                      growth of 70.34%. Major market indices delivered impressive performance: the Shanghai
                      Composite Index rose by 18.40% during the year, reaching its highest level in nearly a
                      decade, while the Shenzhen Component Index rose by 30.38% during the year, reflecting a
                      positive overall trend in the capital market. (Sources: SSE, SZSE and Wind Info)




36 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
SECTION 3          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


  For the securities brokerage and wealth management business, the Company adhered to its
  customer-centric philosophy, and leveraged its comprehensive and multi-category financial
  service platform to accurately meet the diverse and multi-layered wealth management needs
  of mass customers, retail customers and high-net-worth customers. This approach drove
  steady business expansion while simultaneously enhancing service quality and efficiency.
  The Company continuously optimized its integrated online and offline customer acquisition
  channel system, achieving leading industry performance in digital channel user engagement
  and experiencing synchronized growth in customer retention and trading activity. In 2025,
  the Company developed 1.7325 million new customers for securities brokerage business.
  As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total number of customers was 17.1231 million.
  The Company continuously enriched its financial product portfolio and improved its end-
  to-end wealth management service system, focusing on building professional buy-side
  investment advisory capabilities. Incremental scales of financial products exceeded RMB410
  billion, representing a YoY increase of 60.27%; the non-monetary mutual funds held by
  the Bank recorded RMB143.2 billion, ranking No. 5 in the industry, and the increment of
  the non-monetary mutual funds held by the Bank recorded RMB60.6 billion, ranking No. 2
  in the industry. Investment advisory service covered 1,085,200 customers, representing a
  YoY growth of 71.95%. The Company launched 308 publicly offered personal pension fund
  products for agency sale, with the coverage rate reaching 100%. The buy-side business
  scale amounted to RMB11.039 billion, representing a YoY growth of 189.81%. The
  Company continued to iteratively upgrade the customer experience and functional system of
  its “Qingting Dianjin” APP, with the scale of monthly active users of the APP ranking seventh
  in the industry. For the first time in the industry, we explored and established a digital
  inclusive service architecture of “1 headquarter inclusive center + 3 regional sub-centers”,
  covering 6.16 million small and medium investors. The Entrepreneur Office created the
  “Bainian Xiangshan (柏年向善)” charity project, serving over 200 caring investors focusing
  on public welfare. (Sources: statistics of the Company, AMAC, Qianfan.tech) The Company
  independently developed the “DeepTiming (信諦聽) AI Intelligent Digital Platform”, with AI
  technology as the core driver, to provide distinctive product tools such as development and
  validation of intelligent investment research strategies for users ranging from beginners to
  professionals. By connecting clients, empowering employees and driving business growth,
  the Company continuously promotes the transformation of wealth management and the
  deepening of inclusive finance practices.

  For futures business, in 2025, the global commodity market underwent profound
  restructuring on both the supply and demand sides, with the acceleration of technological
  revolution and green transformation driving a YoY increase of both the cumulative trading
  volume and trading value in China’s futures market. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
  the cumulative trading volume of the futures market in China was approximately 9.074
  billion lots, representing a YoY increase of 17.40%, while the cumulative trading value was
  approximately RMB766.25 trillion, representing a YoY increase of 23.74%. China Futures
  focused on leveraging the functions of the futures market, prioritizing its role in serving the
  real economy, and deeply implementing four core strategies: “talent-driven development,
  digital transformation, stringent risk management and international expansion”. All business
  segments demonstrated sustained positive growth. In 2025, China Futures achieved an
  agency transaction amount of RMB32.60 trillion, representing a YoY increase of 25.73%;
  and at the end of the period, the scale of customer equity increased 35.47% YoY. As of the
  end of the Reporting Period, China Futures had set up 30 branches and established a risk
  management subsidiary in Chongqing, laying a solid foundation for the development of its
  futures brokerage and risk management business. (Sources: China Futures Association and
  statistics of the Company)




                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              37
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    For overseas business, in 2025, the aggregate stock agency transaction amount of China
                    Securities International was HK$178.346 billion. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
                    the aggregate number of customers was 15,401, and the total market value of the shares
                    of customers under custody amounted to HK$23.119 billion. In 2025, China Securities
                    International further deepened its comprehensive financial service capabilities by enhancing
                    its financial product offerings and optimizing its layout. Through initiatives such as “Cross-
                    boundary Wealth Management Connect (跨境理財通)” business and corporate financing
                    collaborations, the Company diversified the base of customers and precisely addressed the
                    overseas investment needs of various clients, achieving significant growth in total trading
                    volume.

                    Outlook for 2026

                    For brokerage and wealth management business, the Company will firmly anchor its efforts
                    around the core theme of high-quality development, comprehensively build a new client-
                    driven growth model, and adapt to the trends of industry change and transformation.
                    Centered on clients’ needs, the Company will deepen its focus on core business areas and
                    comprehensively enhance its integrated service capabilities. First, the Company will continue
                    to promote the dual-engine customer acquisition model of “cooperation with the third party+
                    independent channels”, deepen the cooperation with core Internet channels, expand the
                    coverage of independent channels, and consolidate the customer base. Taking clients’
                    needs as the starting point, the Company will build and refine a full-cycle, bidirectional
                    empowerment system covering “acquisition-service-retention”. Leveraging digital operation
                    tools, the Company will implement precise client segmentation and refined operations,
                    expand the breadth and depth of client services, expand the coverage of inclusive financial
                    services, and continue to strengthen distinctive service brands such as the “Entrepreneurs’
                    Office (企業家辦公室)”, “Bainian (柏年)” and “Light Up China Tour (點亮中國行)”. This
                    approach will drive sustained business growth through client value creation. Second,
                    addressing the clients’ core demand for asset preservation and growth, the Company will
                    improve the full lifecycle service mechanism for investment advisory and financial products.
                    The Company will focus on enhancing professional capabilities in major asset allocation and
                    steadily expanding the scale of buy-side investment advisory business such as “ Fortune
                    50” and “Fund Investment Advisory Institution”. Third, centered on clients’ experience
                    and service needs, the Company will accelerate its digital and intelligent transformation,
                    continuously optimize core digital service platforms such as the “Qingting Dianjin” APP,
                    and build a client-centric, intelligent and one-stop wealth management service ecosystem.
                    Fourth, anchored in clients’ comprehensive financial service needs, the Company will
                    strengthen cross-business collaboration to develop integrated and comprehensive financial
                    service capabilities. Fifth, focusing on key regional markets, the Company will optimize its
                    regional business layouts, and continuously enhance its competitiveness and brand influence
                    in key regional markets.

                    For futures business, China Futures will leverage the functions of the futures market to
                    enhance the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy, and integrate into the overall
                    regional economic development. Adhering to balanced development, comprehensively
                    deepening synergy and strengthening technological empowerment, China Futures will
                    build and refine its international business service system, solidify the talent foundation for
                    high-quality development, firmly uphold the bottom line of risk prevention, pursue steady
                    progress while maintaining integrity and innovation, and strive to build a first-class derivative
                    investment bank.

                    For international business, China Securities International will continue to expand its regional
                    investment coverage, optimize its overseas investment product matrix, and precisely meet
                    the diversified cross-border investment needs of clients, and is committed to leveraging
                    professional and international comprehensive services to build a financial services platform
                    that provides two-way empowerment for both “bringing in” and “going global”.



38 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


2.   Margin Financing and Securities Lending Business

     In 2025, market demand for margin financing and securities lending business continued to
     expand, with the overall industry exhibiting the characteristics of scale expansion and risk
     control enhancement. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin financing
     and securities lending of the whole domestic market was RMB2,540.682 billion, representing
     a YoY increase of 36.26%.

     As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin financing and securities lending
     of the Company was RMB85.112 billion, with a market share of 3.35%; there were 216.5
     thousand margin financing and securities lending accounts, representing a YoY increase
     of 11.08%; the market share of net new credit accounts was 3.35%, representing a YoY
     increase of 24.96%; the margin financing and securities lending businesses achieved
     an integral maintenance margin ratio of 261.38%, the overall business risk of which was
     controllable. (Sources: Wind Info and statistics of the Company)

     The Company continued to optimize its intelligent risk control and investment adviser
     product, the “Polaris Account Diagnosis Product”, to build a full-chain diagnostic service
     system for margin financing and securities lending clients, providing comprehensive alerts on
     potential market risks, diagnosing risks in individual stocks held in positions, and analyzing
     risks arising from irrational behaviours. The Company continued to advance the development
     of a standard account version of the product. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
     product had nearly 30,000 cumulative signed margin financing and securities lending clients.
     The proportion of risk underlying positions and yield among active users of the product
     showed positive trends, helping clients manage investment risks.

     For international business, in 2025, China Securities International strictly complied with
     various risk management requirements for financing business formulated by regulatory
     agencies and the Company, and did a good job in managing and controlling customers’
     credit and securities held, so as to strictly control the risks while meeting the financing
     needs of the customers. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin
     financing business of China Securities International was HK$299 million.

     Outlook for 2026

     In 2026, the Company’s margin financing and securities lending businesses will implement
     the “basic account opening strategy”, continuously strengthen the development of
     institutional and high-net-worth clients, and consistently enhance service capabilities,
     advancing towards a new stage of high-quality development and high-quality service. To this
     end, the Company will establish a multi-tiered customer service system based on customer
     segment characteristics to provide refined services for clients. Concurrently, it will further
     widen the moat in financial technology, striving to build the “Polaris Account Diagnosis
     Product” into a first-class intelligent risk control and investment advisory product in the
     industry, better meeting clients’ risk management needs.




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              39
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    For international business, China Securities International will strictly adhere to the “three lines
                    of defense” compliance requirements in daily operations, solidly fortify the business’s “first
                    line of defense”, and firmly practice the core principle of “providing financing businesses to
                    serve actual trading needs”, while strictly screening high-quality projects so as to promote
                    the healthy and orderly development of financing businesses.

               3.   Repurchase Business

                    In 2025, the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges revised and issued business rules
                    such as the Measures for Stock-Pledged Repurchase Transaction and Registration and
                    Settlement Business, further improving the default disposal mechanism for stock-pledged
                    repurchase transaction business, clarifying requirements for contract extensions under
                    special circumstances, encouraging securities companies to relieve liquidity pressure for
                    shareholders of high-quality listed companies through diversified means, and effectively
                    guiding market standardized development while preventing risks and serving the real
                    economy.

                    The Company stably and prudently carried out stock-pledged repurchase transaction
                    business, in which the overall business risks were controllable. As of the end of the
                    Reporting Period, the balance of principal of the Company’s stock-pledged repurchase
                    transaction business was RMB5.791 billion. Among them, the balance of principal of
                    investment (on-balance sheet) stock-pledged repurchase transaction business amounted to
                    RMB1.899 billion, with an average collateral coverage ratio of 339.50%; and the balance of
                    principal of management (off-balance sheet) stock-pledged repurchase transaction business
                    amounted to RMB3.892 billion. (Source: Statistics of the Company)

                    Outlook for 2026

                    In 2026, on the premise of ensuring that risks are measurable, controllable, and bearable,
                    the Company will stably and prudently advance the development of stock-pledged
                    repurchase transaction business. Focusing on high-quality listed company client groups, it
                    will integrate internal resources such as investment research and investment bank to provide
                    one-stop comprehensive financial services. By applying AI large models in business risk
                    control processes, it will further strengthen risk identification and control capabilities. Actively
                    responding to regulatory guidance, the Company aims to enhance both business quality and
                    social benefits in serving the development of the real economy.




40 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
         SECTION 3             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(III)   Trading and Institutional Client Services Business Segment

        The trading and institutional client services business segment of the Group mainly comprises stock
        sales and trading businesses, fixed-income products sales and trading businesses, investment
        research business, prime brokerage business, QFI and WFOE businesses, and alternative
        investment business.

        1.    Stock Sales and Trading Businesses

              The stock sales and trading businesses of the Company mainly provide trading, advisory
              and research services, and sell stocks underwritten by the Company to institutional clients.
              The Company is also engaged in proprietary trading, market-making and over-the-counter
              derivatives activities of stocks, funds, ETFs, and financial derivatives including stock index
              futures, commodity futures, options and income swaps, among which over-the-counter
              derivatives provide clients with customized options and income swaps products linked
              to various types of assets to meet the risk management and asset allocation demands of
              institutional clients.

              In respect of the equity trading business, the overall level of volatility in the domestic equity
              market increased in 2025. With the continuous advancement of domestic macroeconomic
              structural adjustments and the ongoing optimization of capital market policies, the long-
              term steady and positive trend of the market has been further strengthened. The Company
              maintained the business positioning of absolute gains. Based on managing market risks
              effectively, it closely tracked market and industry dynamics, proactively capturing trend
              and structural investment opportunities when positive market signals emerged. In terms
              of derivatives trading business, as one of the industry’s first primary dealers of OTC
              options, the Company steadily promoted OTC derivatives business such as OTC options
              and income swaps, further enriching the types of underlying asset subjects and income
              structure to meet the needs of both domestic and foreign clients in respect of individualized
              risk management and asset allocation, which provided investors with diversified global
              derivatives asset allocation solutions. Based on the derivative instruments, the Company
              continued to promote application of “CSC Chinese Assets Risk Parity Index 2.0”, the “CSC
              World Assets Risk Parity Index 2.0”, the compound strategic index “CSC World Asset Risk
              Parity Long Short Index 2.0” and “CSC World Asset Risk Parity Macro Hedge Index 2A” in
              the wealth management and asset allocation. On the basis of the existing strategy index
              product system, the Company further diversified the product structure and strategy system
              to provide multi-asset derivative product solutions for the wealth management market.
              Moreover, the Company continuously expanded the scope and scale of its market-making
              business, consistently enhancing its market competitiveness.




                                                        Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                41
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    In terms of stock sales business, the Company’s stock sales business continued to maintain
                    its dominant position and market influence amid market volatility. In 2025, the Company
                    completed the sales of 33 stock projects of A shares as a lead underwriter, including 12 IPO
                    projects and 21 projects for issuing shares to specific targets, and completed 3 convertible
                    bond projects, with a cumulative sales amount of RMB96.022 billion. (Sources: statistics of
                    the Company and Wind Info)

                    For international business, the institutional sales and trading businesses of China Securities
                    International mainly provided trading, advisory and research services, and sold stocks
                    underwritten by the Company to institutional clients. China Securities International formed
                    a cross-industry, cross-market and cross-asset class research service matrix, constantly
                    improving the service system for institutional clients, further enhancing the Company’s
                    influence in the secondary stock market in Hong Kong and gradually solidifying brand
                    awareness. China Securities International continued to improve its equity derivative business
                    service system, in order to effectively stimulate business vitality and enhance market
                    competitiveness, and achieved remarkable results and new breakthroughs in every aspect
                    including model innovation, risk management and infrastructure construction.

                    Outlook for 2026

                    In 2026, the Company will continue to adhere to the business orientation of absolute gains,
                    focus on building the capabilities of its investment research team, closely track the domestic
                    and foreign macro-economic situation and policy changes, conduct in-depth research on the
                    industry and individual stock opportunities, adhere to the value investment philosophy for
                    the allocation of sectors and individual stocks, and actively focus on phased and structural
                    investment opportunities on the basis of strictly controlling risk exposure of securities held.
                    The Company will also gradually enlarge the scale of cross-border businesses, increase the
                    proportion of its integrated revenue, actively enhance its capabilities and qualities of market-
                    making services, expand the scope of its market-making business varieties, and provide
                    quality liquidity services to the market to continuously enhance the Company’s influence and
                    competitiveness in the market.

                    For international business, China Securities International will make all efforts to advance
                    stock research, sales and trading business, and continue to expand famous buyside
                    institutional clients in order to further consolidate our customer base. Equity derivatives
                    business provides customer-oriented service, focusing on product innovation and committing
                    to building a business ecosystem featuring abundant products, efficient transactions and
                    stable returns, and enhances market liquidity through digitalized operations. By continuously
                    expanding the coverage of overseas markets and enriching product lines, China Securities
                    International provides customers with one-stop global investment and trading service across
                    time zones and markets.




42 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


2.   Fixed-income Products Sales and Trading Businesses

     The fixed income products sales and trading business of the Company covers, among
     others, proprietary trading, market making, sales, investment advisory and related
     cross-border businesses in the FICC field, providing all-round, multi-level and one-stop
     comprehensive services for domestic and foreign customers, and the scope of service
     covers fields such as interest rates, credits, exchange rates, commodities, structured
     products and related derivatives. The Company is committed to becoming a reliable product
     provider, strategy provider and transaction service provider for domestic and overseas
     clients.

     In 2025, under the guidance of solidly advancing “Five Major Areas” in Finance, the
     Company continued to improve its domestic and overseas FICC business layout and
     support the high-quality development of capital markets. The Company actively engaged
     in the sales business of science and technology innovation bonds and green bonds,
     deepened its presence in the Shanghai and Hubei carbon markets, and was awarded the
     “Carbon Finance Practice Award” by the Shanghai Carbon Market and the “Carbon Finance
     Innovation Award” by the Hubei Carbon Market. With a focus on strengthening investment
     capability development, the Company enhanced market analysis, actively explored new
     varieties and new strategies, scaled up and strengthened internationalized investments,
     actively seized opportunities in overseas markets, and was awarded Top Investment House
     in Bonds by “The Asset” magazine for two consecutive years. By strengthening client service
     capabilities and broadening the boundaries of market-making business, the Company was
     honored the “Northbound Top Market Maker” by Bond Connect Company Limited for four
     consecutive years. The Company solidified the foundation of bond sales business, the bond
     sales volume of which consistently ranked 2nd in the market (Source: Wind Info); and further
     innovated service models and continuously enriched the toolkit of client-oriented products
     linked to domestic and overseas FICC assets across all categories by launching “fixed
     income + OTC derivatives” investment advisory strategy services. The Company steadily
     expanded the scale of its customer service business and precisely matched the diversified
     needs of domestic clients “going global” and “bringing in” high-quality international capital,
     and enhanced its comprehensive client service levels. The Company persistently promoted
     business digitalization and intelligent transformation, deepening the application of artificial
     intelligence in scenarios such as investment research, trading, risk control, and client
     service. The Company’s self-developed “OctoX – An Intellectual FlCC Integration Platform”
     achieved breakthroughs in AI explainability, and related research papers were accepted
     by ACM SIGKDD (ACM Special Interest Group on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining),
     an A-class international top-tier academic conference recognized by the China Computer
     Federation (CCF), marking the first time a domestic securities firm published research results
     in the field of financial technology intelligence at such a conference.

     For international business, China Securities International continued to improve the FICC
     product matrix and service ecosystem, achieving the steady growth in business scale and
     maintaining good returns on the premise of controllable risks. Leveraging a diversified
     sales and service system, China Securities International continuously expanded customer
     coverage and enhanced customer stickiness. In particular, driven by the stable output
     in overseas primary market underwriting business, sustained development of back-to-
     back trading business, significant breakthroughs in market-making trading business, and
     continuous enhancement of the ability to customize structured products based on customer
     needs, the overall sales scale of FICC business of China Securities International reached a
     new level.




                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              43
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    Outlook for 2026

                    In 2026, the Company will continue to anchor its goal of building a first-class investment
                    bank, and leverage its professional advantages in the FICC business to better serve the
                    high-quality development of the real economy. Adhering to the business philosophy of
                    “professionalism, customer first, international vision and pursuit of excellence”, the Company
                    will continue to strengthen its investment capabilities building. By “strengthening its
                    advantages and addressing its weaknesses”, the Company will explore new opportunities,
                    new models and new strategies to solidify its core competitiveness rooted in value creation,
                    driven by innovation, and supported by digital-intelligent transformation. The Company will
                    accelerate its international layout, expand its global business footprint and enhance domestic
                    and overseas collaborations to increase its global market visibility and influence. The
                    Company will deepen its focus on the client market, make concrete efforts in strengthening
                    its customer service system to diversify service scenarios for clients and enhance its client
                    service capabilities across the chain.

                    For international business, China Securities International will further increase trading volume
                    of various fixed income assets. On the basis of consolidating existing overseas primary
                    bond and back-to-back trading businesses, it will vigorously expand market-making trading,
                    structured note, foreign exchange and commodity customer demand business, etc., provide
                    strong cross-market liquidity support for domestic and foreign customers and one-stop
                    cross-border FICC business solutions, and build a service coordination platform for multi-
                    asset sales. China Securities International will further expand the boundaries of asset classes
                    under stable risk control, continue to optimize the currency allocation, regional distribution
                    and the product structure of its asset portfolios, and build a more resilient global asset
                    allocation system.




44 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


3.   Investment Research Business

     The investment research business of the Company mainly provides domestic and foreign
     institutional clients with research consultation services covering macroeconomics, fixed
     income, economic and industrial policies, asset allocation, market strategy, financial
     engineering, and research on industry, companies and other fields. Major clients include
     public funds, insurance asset management institutions, private funds, National Social
     Security Fund, banks and bank wealth management subsidiaries, securities firms and
     asset management subsidiaries, trust companies and other domestic and foreign financial
     institutions.

     2025 marked the first full year of implementation of important policies and regulations
     such as the new “Nine Guidelines of the State Council” for the capital market and new
     public fund commission rules. These regulatory policies have effectively harmonized the
     relationship between the industry’s functional role and its profit orientation, expediting its
     return to the core mission of research. The Company focused on leveraging its full-industry
     research advantages, concentrated on research in key areas such as the “Five Major Areas”
     in Finance and the development of new quality productive forces, continuously increased
     research investment, and deepened synergistic research along industrial chains. As of
     the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had 181 analysts for securities investment
     research, covering over 1,600 domestic A-share listed companies and Hong Kong and
     overseas listed companies. In 2025, the Company released 5,083 securities research
     reports in total, of which 920 research reports were released to the Hong Kong market
     (including those solely released to the Hong Kong market or both to the mainland market
     and the Hong Kong market). The Company continued to deepen the digital transformation
     of its investment research business, and successfully built an industry-leading integrated
     intelligent investment research platform covering “intelligent research, intelligent inquiry and
     intelligent digitalization” using large model technology. The Company established a global
     research team, continuously deepened the integration domestic and overseas research
     businesses, expanded research coverage of overseas listed companies, hosted distinctive
     conferences such as the Global Investor Conference and China-Saudi Arabia Investment
     Cooperation Forum, and organized joint research activities in manufacturing, logistics, and
     finance sectors in Southeast Asia and the Middle East, taking solid steps in internationalizing
     research. It improved the investment research service system for different types of clients,
     and endeavored to provide professional and in-depth research services for various
     institutional clients. Throughout the Reporting Period, the Company steadily enhanced its
     presence and influence in terms of research service industry, and was fully recognized by
     the market and institutional clients. The Company won the prestigious awards such as Best
     Local Research Institute or Most Influential Research Institution granted by authoritative
     media, such as the China Securities Journal, the Securities Times and the Shanghai
     Securities News. At the same time, the Company attached importance to its role as a think
     tank, provided robust intelligence support to national strategies, government departments,
     etc., and offered comprehensive research support to all business lines of the Company,
     effectively fulfilling its role as an advisor and assistant.




                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               45
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    Outlook for 2026

                    In 2026, the Company’s investment research business will adhere to the strategy of “rooted
                    externally, serving internally”, stay focused on the core mission of research, continuously
                    enhance research professional capabilities, asset pricing capabilities, and market influence,
                    further expand the research coverage of listed companies and service coverage of
                    institutional clients, and continuously improve research service quality. It will commit more
                    resources to internationalized research, continuously improve the globalized research and
                    service system, and provide higher-quality global comprehensive research services to
                    domestic and overseas clients. It will further leverage its think tank function, continuously
                    provide high-quality think tank research for government departments, strengthen research
                    support for various business lines of the Company, strive to create the Company’s “top
                    calling card”, and continuously enhance the Company’s brand influence and market
                    recognition.

               4.   Prime Brokerage Business

                    The Company provides market-leading full-chain prime brokerage services to institutional
                    clients, including trading service, account service, product design and agency sales,
                    institutional investment and financing service, asset custody service, product operating
                    service, research service, financing solution and value-added services.

                    The Company’s institutional business has built a multi-dimensional integrated trading service
                    system for institutional clients encompassing Prime Brokerage (PB) services, institutional
                    connect services, strategic algorithm bus services and institutional dedicated counter
                    services. As one of the securities companies that possesses and undertakes the widest
                    range of businesses, and supports most types of prime brokerage systems, the Company
                    has currently supported markets and types of transactions including SSE, SZSE, BSE,
                    margin financing and securities lending, stock index futures, commodity futures, stock
                    options, Southbound Trading and over-the-counter public funds to provide its clients with
                    convenience and favorable experience in carrying out various businesses at the same time.
                    The self-developed algorithmic trading platform embedded in the prime brokerage system of
                    the Company maintains an industry-leading algorithmic trading execution efficiency, which is
                    widely recognized and trusted by clients such as banks, insurance companies, public funds,
                    private funds, enterprises and high-net-worth individuals, including clients for QFI business.
                    New services such as commodity futures and options algorithm trading have also satisfied
                    customers’ diversified trading needs. The Company’s self-developed special counter for
                    institutional transactions provides financial institutions with independent and more functional
                    trading channels, which is widely recognized by institutional clients such as banks, public
                    funds and insurance asset management institutions. In 2025, the Company’s turnover for
                    the prime brokerage business continued to grow, the trading effect of algorithmic trading
                    continued to optimize, and the types and scale of customers continued to expand. As of
                    the end of the Reporting Period, the number of existing customers served in the Prime
                    Brokerage (PB) of the Company was 23,394, representing a YoY increase of 25.34%; a
                    total of 30 public fund companies and 13 insurance asset management companies used
                    the company’s algorithmic trading services in their portfolios, and 239 customers used the
                    securities trading agency services for increasing or decreasing their shareholdings, involving
                    329 securities.




46 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     For custody services, as of the end of the Reporting Period, as 122 public funds were in
     the custody of CSC, the Company ranked among the top three in the industry in terms
     of its public fund custody scale and quantity. The Company’s total size of asset custody
     and operation services was RMB1,404.429 billion, increasing 45.03% YoY. Among them,
     custody products scale reached RMB599.020 billion and outsourcing products scale
     reached RMB805.408 billion, increasing 28.10% and 60.83% YoY, respectively.

     Outlook for 2026

     In 2026, with the aim to constantly satisfy professional and institutional investors’ trading
     needs, the Company will continue to improve its various types of prime brokerage systems
     and special counter services for institutions, and improve the transaction performance, the
     transaction completion and the transaction automation through the embedded algorithmic
     platform, so as to provide more convenient trading experience for clients. The Company will
     keep abreast of the changes in the market environment and regulatory policy to further build
     a diversified and personalized professional trading service system, so as to further meet
     the trading needs of various clients. For custody services, the Company will innovate its
     customer service approach by building a “Digital Custody” platform to provide clients with
     tailored solutions. Through cross-departmental collaboration, it will optimize the dynamic
     cycle of “sales, trading, investment and custody”, thereby enhancing the Company’s overall
     value. By closely following policy developments, it will strengthen the compliance and risk
     control defense line of the custody services and serve national strategies.

5.   QFI and WFOE Businesses

     In 2025, as the State continues to comprehensively deepen reform and opening up, the
     investment scope for QFIs has been expanded and processes simplified, continuously
     attracting medium to long-term foreign capital allocation. As a domestic broker of QFIs and
     WFOEs, the Company has accumulated many years of experience in serving foreign clients
     and has always been committed to providing a full range of one-stop financial services
     for foreign institutions such as QFIs and WFOEs. In 2025, the Company has deepened its
     cross-border integrated operations, restructured its domestic and overseas sales layout, and
     continuously and deeply explored business opportunities with foreign institutions including
     QFIs and WFOEs. The Company enhances client stickiness by leveraging first-class
     securities research and corporate relationship services, continuously upgrades and improves
     the trading system and trading algorithm, continuously optimizes the trading and operational
     processes, and strives to enhance the investment and trading experience of foreign clients.
     Currently, the Company has established a professional foreign institutional investment and
     trading service system characterized by rich securities research services, Beijing-Shanghai
     dual trading centers, advanced trading systems and intelligent trading algorithms.




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             47
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    Outlook for 2026

                    In 2026, against the backdrop of China’s capital market continuing its high-quality opening-
                    up, the Company will leverage the gateway advantage of China Securities International
                    in Hong Kong to deepen its cross-border integrated presence. It will continue to expand
                    its diversified network of foreign clients and strengthen coverage and services for leading
                    foreign institutions. The Company will continuously enhance its research service capabilities,
                    focusing on advancing the internationalization of its research business, upgrading
                    trading system functionalities, optimizing trading processes, and accelerating the digital
                    transformation of its business to better meet the needs of clients with diversified trading
                    strategies, providing industry-leading securities research and trading services to QFIs and
                    WFOEs and other foreign clients. Meanwhile, the Company will integrate its advantageous
                    resources, dedicating itself to providing high-level, all-round, diversified and differentiated
                    comprehensive financial solutions to foreign institutional clients. With professional services
                    as the core and research business as the backbone, it will comprehensively enhance full-
                    product sales capabilities and full-chain service capabilities covering derivatives, margin
                    financing and securities lending, and block trading, etc., to help clients maximize returns,
                    further enhance the Company’s international influence and promote the coordinated
                    development of domestic and international business.

               6.   Alternative Investment Business

                    In 2025, driven by emerging investment themes such as artificial intelligence and embodied
                    intelligence, and supported by proactive State policies for industry and capital markets,
                    domestic equity investment and financing activity has significantly increased. Amid a rapidly
                    evolving macroeconomic and capital market environment, China Securities Investment has
                    focused on technological innovation and new quality productive forces as its core strategies.
                    It has continuously strengthened investment research capabilities in key areas aligned with
                    national strategies, actively sought out high-quality enterprises, and expanded support
                    and coverage for strategic emerging and future industries, thereby steadily enhancing
                    performance. During the Reporting Period, China Securities Investment completed 26
                    project investments with an investment amount of RMB1.067 billion, over 90% of which was
                    allocated to projects targeting new quality productive forces.

                    Outlook for 2026

                    2026 marks the opening year of the “15th Five-Year Plan”. Benefiting from policy
                    support and industrial upgrading, China’s equity investment market will embrace multiple
                    development opportunities. China Securities Investment will seize the new opportunities in
                    the capital market, actively implement the requirements for building a financial powerhouse,
                    strengthen the functional positioning of its strategic investment platform, and deeply
                    embed investment business into the national innovation system. In 2026, China Securities
                    Investment will further focus on strategic emerging industries and future industries, actively
                    expand its investment layout, fully serve the development of new quality productive forces,
                    and promote steady growth in asset scale and continuous optimization of the asset
                    structure.




48 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
        SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(IV)   Asset Management Business Segment

       The asset management business segment of the Group mainly includes asset management
       business of the securities companies, fund management business and private equity investment
       business.

       1.    Asset Management Business of the Securities Companies

             In 2025, the comprehensive reform of the capital market continued to deepen. The asset
             management industry consistently adhered to its origin of serving the real economy, focused
             on the core demands of medium to long-term capital entering the market and residents’
             wealth management, and maintained a steady development trend. Against this backdrop,
             the asset management business of the securities companies needs to concentrate on its
             primary responsibilities and core businesses, continuously strengthen professional capability
             building, and forge differentiated competitive advantages.

             During the Reporting Period, the Company’s asset management business actively integrated
             into the broader context of building a financial powerhouse, solidly advanced the “Five Major
             Areas” in Finance. Particularly in the field of pension finance, the Company, relying on its
             professional strengths, independently developed the “Jiaxin Xiangchuan (家鑫相傳)” series of
             asset management products, actively participated in the entrusted investment management
             of commercial pensions in endowment insurance and pension wealth management, and
             contributed to the development of pension finance with innovative practices such as
             “CSC Solution”. Meanwhile, the Company anchored long-term value creation, focused
             on enhancing investment research capabilities and active management capabilities,
             continuously strengthened risk identification capabilities and asset allocation capabilities,
             strived to build an asset management service system covering all products, all clients, and
             the entire lifecycle; improved product line layout, enriched differentiated product supply;
             deepened cross-border integration and internationalization layout, enhanced professional
             capabilities in overseas asset allocation to meet clients’ needs for efficient global asset
             allocation; empowered business development comprehensively by relying on digital and
             intelligent transformation.

             As of the end of the Reporting Period, the scale of entrusted funds for the Company’s client
             asset management reached RMB524.508 billion, representing a YoY increase of 5.99%.
             Specifically, the scale of collective asset management business was RMB104.563 billion,
             the scale of single asset management business was RMB179.947 billion, and the scale of
             specialized asset management business was RMB239.998 billion. There were a total of
             1,041 products under management.




                                                      Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             49
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    The scale of the Company’s asset management business is shown in the table below:

                                                                                              Unit: RMB’00 million

                                                                                         Scale
                                                                                 December              December
                     Category                                                     31, 2025              31, 2024


                     Collective asset management business                          1,045.63              1,120.57
                     Single asset management business                              1,799.47              1,796.05
                     Specialized asset management business                         2,399.98              2,031.96


                     Total                                                         5,245.08              4,948.58


                    Source: SAC


                    For international business, the asset management business of China Securities International
                    achieved leapfrog development. As of the end of the Reporting Period, its management
                    scale exceeded HK$10 billion. In 2025, China Securities International issued for the first time
                    fund products listed on the Cayman Islands Stock Exchange, actively expanded its products
                    such as equity and fixed-income separately managed accounts business, covering many
                    large domestic commercial banks, regional banks, central state-owned enterprises and
                    other high-quality client groups, resulting in a more diversified and balanced client structure.
                    Meanwhile, leveraging its professional investment management capabilities, China Securities
                    International served as the investment advisor for multiple products. The performance of
                    managed products remained stable and excellent, winning widespread recognition from
                    clients and injecting strong momentum for the sustained growth of the asset management
                    business.

                    Outlook for 2026

                    In 2026, the Company’s asset management business will continue to strengthen its
                    functional positioning, adhere to a client-centric approach, be guided by synergy
                    effectiveness and value creation, focus on enhancing active management capabilities, and
                    center on the optimization of the investment research system as the core lever, so as to
                    continuously develop a diversified product portfolio to meet the diverse asset management
                    needs of clients; accelerate cross-border business layout, improve the cross-border product
                    supply system, enhance global multi-asset allocation capabilities; deepen digital and
                    intelligent transformation, empower the entire chain of investment research decision-making,
                    risk management, and client service with technology, systematically build an intelligent and
                    lean operation ecosystem, and comprehensively promote the Company’s asset management
                    business to achieve higher quality development.




50 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     For international business, China Securities International will continue to advance its
     asset management business towards a stage of high-quality growth, with the core goal of
     synergistic improvement in management scale and revenue, and is committed to becoming a
     significantly competitive asset management platform among its Chinese peers in Hong Kong.
     On one hand, it will actively expand Chinese Mainland high-net-worth clients and institutional
     funds through channels such as the Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect Scheme
     and Mutual Recognition of Funds. On the other hand, it will closely grasp the overseas
     asset allocation needs of Chinese enterprises and institutions, continuously enrich its multi-
     asset, multi-strategy product system, enhance global resource allocation capabilities and
     service efficiency, optimize cross-border service processes, strengthen active management
     capabilities, and create sustained, stable, and long-term returns for clients.

2.   Fund Management Business

     In 2025, the public fund industry saw an intensive rollout of regulatory policies. Guided
     by the “Action Plan for Promoting High-Quality Development of Public Funds” issued by
     the CSRC, the industry shifted from a “scale-oriented” to an “investor-return-oriented”
     approach, reshaping the interest alignment mechanism between fund companies and
     investors. With the reversal of the equity market trend, the market recovery led to rising
     performance of equity funds, gradually restoring investor confidence. Benefiting from policy
     guidance, market environment, and improved product performance, the industry’s total
     asset management scale continued to climb, repeatedly reaching new highs. Among these,
     stock funds, money market funds, and hybrid funds have witnessed significant growth, with
     passive index funds emerging as the primary driver of scale expansion.

     In 2025, China Fund strived to enhance investment research capabilities, improve product
     investment performance, continuously enriched its product lines in line with client needs,
     broadened and deepened various sales channels, improved its customer service capabilities,
     and worked hard to create favorable returns for investors. As of the end of the Reporting
     Period, assets under management of China Fund amounted to RMB175.989 billion,
     representing an increase of 23.78% as compared with the end of 2024. Among them,
     assets of public funds under management amounted to RMB107.257 billion, representing an
     increase of 13.87% as compared with that at the end of 2024; assets under management
     under special account products of China Fund and its fund subsidiaries amounted to
     RMB68.732 billion in aggregate, representing an increase of 43.24% as compared with that
     at the end of 2024. China Fund thoroughly implemented the regulatory requirements for
     high-quality development of public funds and focused on medium and long-term income.
     As of the end of the Reporting Period, China Fund managed 68 public funds, with 47 funds
     eligible to participate in market ranking within a three-year period. Among them, 28 funds
     ranked among the top 50% of the market in terms of overall returns in the past three years,
     22 funds among the top 30%, 16 funds among the top 20% and 5 funds among the top
     10%. (Sources: Wind Info and statistics of the Company)




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              51
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    Outlook for 2026

                    In 2026, China Fund will thoroughly implement the “Action Plan for Promoting High-Quality
                    Development of Public Funds”, uphold the principle of “investor-centric”, place the practical
                    protection of investor interests in the foremost position, continuously enhance investment
                    research capabilities and product investment performance, further optimize product layout,
                    enrich the product supply system, strengthen the client service system, strive to improve
                    investors’ sense of gain, trust, and long-term holding experience, and achieve win-win
                    symbiosis with investors on the path of high-quality development.

               3.   Private Equity Investment Business

                    In 2025, China’s equity investment market accelerated its march towards high-quality
                    development. Hard technology became the main theme of market investment, with strategic
                    emerging fields such as semiconductors, artificial intelligence, and biomedicine attracting
                    high capital focus. The scale of state-owned guidance funds continued to expand, RMB-
                    denominated funds gradually dominated the fundraising landscape, and diversified exit
                    channels saw significant improvement. Driven by both policy support and industrial
                    upgrading, market vitality was effectively unleashed, providing strong support for cultivating
                    new quality productive forces and building a modern industrial system.

                    In 2025, China Capital focused on frontier technology fields such as artificial intelligence,
                    commercial aerospace, future materials, and future energy, systematically laid out future
                    industries and hard technology tracks, continued to leverage the leading role of state-
                    owned financial capital in promoting a virtuous cycle of “technology-industry-finance”,
                    and contributed professional strength to advancing Chinese modernization and building
                    a financial powerhouse. During the Reporting Period, China Capital completed project
                    investment of RMB3.5 billion, including investments in more than 60 technology-based
                    enterprises with an investment amount exceeding RMB2.2 billion, and among its previously
                    invested projects, 2 completed IPO listings; it added 6 newly registered funds and
                    completed 1 fund expansion, with a total new scale of RMB7.781 billion, ranking 5th among
                    private equity subsidiaries of brokers (sources: AMAC and statistics of the Company). As
                    of the end of the Reporting Period, China Capital managed 83 registered funds with a
                    management scale exceeding RMB78 billion.

                    Outlook for 2026

                    In 2026, China Capital will base itself on the mission of serving the real economy and
                    technological innovation, take investment as the core, empowerment as the means, and
                    synergy as the characteristic, actively integrate into the national future industrial system.
                    It will focus on cultivating new quality productive forces, increase support for strategic
                    emerging industries, “Specialized, Refined, Differential and Innovative (專精特新)” enterprises,
                    and key links in the industrial chain, and strengthen the virtuous cycle of “technology-
                    industry-finance”. Meanwhile, it will continuously optimize its capabilities across the entire
                    chain of “fundraising, investment, management, and exit (募投管退)”, broaden diversified exit
                    paths, and contribute professional strength to high-quality development.




52 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
            SECTION 3              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


II.   ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

      1.   Comprehensive Financial Service Platform with Distinctive Investment Banking
           Advantages and Balanced Development of Various Businesses

           The Company is a large-scale comprehensive securities company with a full range of securities
           business licenses. Its investment banking business ranks among the top in the industry with
           excellent capabilities, and its equity and debt financing businesses have long maintained leading
           positions in the market. With a balanced business structure, the Company has formed a business
           ecosystem where the investment banking is prominently competitive, featuring complete service
           chains and closed-loop value chains across all businesses, which provides clients with one-stop
           integrated financial services. Centering on the enterprise life cycle and individual life cycle, the
           Company has realized an integrated domestic and overseas service system to satisfy the one-stop
           solution needs for corporate and retail business, investments and investment banking, and asset
           management and wealth management, covering investment research, value identification, financing
           support, asset allocation, investment and trading, wealth management, risk hedging and a series
           of other services. Focusing on clients’ needs, the Company strives for “Single-point access, all-
           domain linkage”, and takes characteristics into full consideration to provide customized models
           and solutions such as the “four-in-one linkage” of “investment research + investment + investment
           banking + investment advisory”, the “three-financial service integration” of “wealth management
           + asset management + investment management”, and the “two-way access” to “FICC + equity
           investment”. The innovative and leading business models and the healthy and balanced business
           system enable the Company to help clients seize opportunities, resist fluctuations, and traverse
           cycles. The comprehensive, steady and balanced business development system has become the
           cornerstone for satisfying customer value and achieving its own high-quality development.

      2.   Solid Client Base and Integrated Service Network with Mutually Facilitated Online
           and Offline Channels

           The Company has built a deep and solid base of high-quality clients, with its physical branches
           spanning 30 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities in the Chinese Mainland and Hong
           Kong. Headquartered in Beijing, with Shanghai and Shenzhen as two regional centers and Hong
           Kong serving as its international business platform, the Company has an integrated service network
           that provides trading services across international mainstream markets such as A shares, Hong
           Kong equities, US equities and Japanese equities. The Company has strategically and extensively
           positioned itself in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Yangtze River Delta, the Guangdong-Hong
           Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and the Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Circle, so as to provide
           more convenient and higher-quality services for governments, enterprises, financial institutions,
           and individuals. By providing planning, industrial layout and financing services for various regions,
           as well as investment guidance and support, while providing integrated financial services for
           corporate and financial institutional clients, the Company has established long-term, mutually
           trusted partnerships with many local governments, numerous high-quality enterprises and financial
           institutions, becoming a strategic companion in regional development and corporate growth.
           Furthermore, the Company provides professional, inclusive, intelligent and convenient asset
           allocation and wealth management services for the majority of investors. The service network,
           which coordinates headquarters with regional centers, interconnects between online and offline
           channels, and integrates of domestic and overseas operations, has become the most effective
           foundation for the Company to expand client reach, enhance customer service, strengthen client
           recognition, and provide long-term client companionship.




                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              53
    SECTION 3          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          3.   Leading Technology Applications, Reflected in Technology System Emphasizing
               Both Hard Foundation of Technological Innovation and Soft Power of Business-
               Technology Integration

               The Company has built an independent, market-leading and controllable Fin-Tech capability
               system that prioritizes security, and is deeply integrated into the business. In strict compliance
               with national requirements for graded protection of cyber security, and based on ISO20000
               and ISO27001 standards, the Company has built a comprehensive and in-depth protection
               mechanism covering network security, data security and personal information protection, effectively
               safeguarding the safe and stable operation of information systems. Under the premise of security
               and controllability, the Company actively embraces technological transformation, and systematically
               applies technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and big data to various fields
               such as investment research, intelligent investment advisory, client service, risk management and
               operational management. With both its own business capabilities and its ability to serve client
               empowered by technology, the Company is the proposer and firm practitioner of “Digital-Intelligent
               Investment Bank”. The Company has launched a group of intelligent benchmark products, including
               the “Qingting Dianjin” (蜻蜓點金) APP, the “Youwen” (優問) service platform, the “DeepTiming
               AI Intelligent Digital Platform (信諦聽AI智數平台)”, the “OctoX – An Intellectual FlCC Integration
               Platform” and “Trident” (三叉戟) platforms, the institutional business “Institutional Connect” (機
               構通), the investment banking business “DCM Six Gates” (DCM六扇門) and “Gatekeeper” (看門
               人) platforms, the “intelligent research-intelligent digitalization-intelligent inquiry” systems in the
               research field, and the “Polaris” (北極星) system for securities finance. These constitute a digital
               product and service matrix covering front-end, middle-end, and back-end offices across multiple
               business lines. The Company has obtained the quantitative management level certification of the
               national Data Management Capability Maturity Assessment Model (DCMM). During the Reporting
               Period, the Company won a total of 55 Fin-Tech awards, the highest number in its history.
               Among them, the “Investment Banking ‘Gatekeeper’ Digital Intelligence Integrated Business
               Platform” won the First Prize of the 2024 Financial Technology Development Award granted by
               the People’s Bank of China. Notably, this is the first time in history that a first-prize is awarded
               to the project for investment banking business in the securities industry. The scenario-based,
               digital and intelligent technology applications empower clients service, talent development, and
               management improvement, and are rapidly becoming the main core competitiveness that supports
               the Company’s next stage of high-quality development.




54 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
      SECTION 3              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


4.   Adhering to Long-termism and Continuously Building a Professional and
     Formidable Financial Team

     The Company is unswervingly dedicated to build a professional financial team with excellent
     political integrity, conduct, capability, and performance. Guided by the fundamental principles of
     valuing honesty and trustworthiness, earning profit through righteousness, acting with steadiness
     and prudence, upholding integrity in financial innovation and complying with laws and regulations.
     The Company adheres to the “three-do” work style of “taking responsibility, acting immediately,
     and handling well”, and vigorously advocates five kinds of new spirit of “pursuing excellence,
     seeking truth and being pragmatic, innovation, unity and collaboration, and hard work and plain
     living”. Supported by a professional and formidable financial team, the Company implements the
     Party Central Committee’s guidelines, principles and policies, fulfils regulatory requirements, and
     advances steadily on the broad road toward becoming a first-class investment bank. The Company
     follows market principles, balances the functional role of finance with commercial viability, pursuing
     a path of high-efficiency development. It strengthens risk control and compliance management to
     ensure secure and stable operations. Adhering to the guiding principle of seeking progress while
     maintaining stability, the Company advances high-quality development that is both efficient and
     sustainable. The Company’s new leadership team combines forward-looking vision, extensive
     experience, and diverse professional expertise, with a well-balanced structure across senior, mid-
     career, and younger members, guiding the development toward a new stage during the “15th Five-
     Year Plan”. The Company broadens the channels for talent selection, strengthens employer brand-
     building, carries out talent introduction in an orderly manner, and constantly absorbs and cultivates
     professional, international and technical talents. Persistently committed to “investing in people”, the
     Company provides employees with multi-dimensional development space and a broad development
     platform, while ensuring that the scale, quality and development strategy of the workforce are
     compatible. In adherence to the principle of keeping the nation’s fundamental interests in mind
     and upholding a long-termism business philosophy, the Company fosters an environment in which
     talent thrives, and this shapes a strong corporate mindset and ethos that empowers the Company
     to accompany a broad base of investors in understanding and navigating economic cycles and
     striving for sustained success across market cycles.




                                                      Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               55
    SECTION 3           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          5.   Adhering to Healthy Development with Industry-leading Compliance and Risk
               Control and Prudent and Steady Business Philosophy

               Being one of the first six pilots to consolidate supervisory undertakings and one of the first
               companies on the regulatory “whitelist” in the domestic securities industry, the Company has always
               placed compliance and risk control at the core of its operation and development, adhered to the
               principle of “substance over form”, and built an industry-leading comprehensive risk management
               system. It achieves effective oversight of subsidiaries at all levels and on and off-balance-sheet
               items, domestic and overseas operations, and local and foreign currency businesses, ensuring
               no risk blind spots. By coordinating development and security from a strategic perspective, the
               Company continues to promote the adoption and implementation of the core principle of “ensuring
               effective risk prevention while driving strong development” among all employees, upholds the
               strict rule of “no business without rules”, and builds a comprehensive risk management safeguard.
               The Company continuously refines its internal control mechanism, and conducts regular internal
               control audits and special inspections to ensure the effectiveness and adaptability of the internal
               control mechanism, strictly guarding the “entrance” of the capital market. The Company has built
               a relatively systematic risk control system for new businesses, effectively covering new risk types,
               new products, and new institutions. This has created a industry-leading example of unified risk
               management for the same business and the same client, while firmly safeguarding the bottom line
               to prevent systemic financial risks. Adhering to the business ideas of prudence, steadiness, and
               healthy development, the Company is committed to achieving a long-term dynamic balance among
               scale, efficiency, and risk, while prioritizing long-term value post risk adjustment. The healthy
               development over the past 20 years has forged a highly recognized, prudent corporate image,
               serving as the fundamental guarantee for the Company’s sustainable, high-quality development.

          6.   Strong Shareholder Background Ensuring Scientific Corporate Governance and
               Possessing Both Strategic and Business Synergy Value

               The Company’s main contributors are Beijing Financial Holdings Group Limited, Central Huijin
               Investment Ltd., and CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. The strong state-owned shareholder base
               has fundamentally defined the Company as a state-owned financial enterprise and built a solid
               cornerstone for forming a modern corporate governance system characterized by “clear rights
               and responsibilities, smooth operations, effective checks and balances, and efficient synergy”.
               The composite shareholder base has endowed the Company with unique resource advantages.
               At the macro level, the shareholders’ foresight and profound grasp of national policies provide
               directional guidance for the Company, ensuring that the Company’s development resonates with
               national strategies. At the business level, the rich physical industrial ecosystem, integrated financial
               ecosystem, and resources of channels, clients, and partners within the shareholders’ systems
               provide abundant scenarios for the Company’s main securities business. As large state-owned
               enterprises with strong capital strength, mature experiences in capital operation, extensive market
               resources, and strong public recognition, the three main contributors are important implementers of
               national strategies and important pioneers in financial reform. The strong state-owned shareholder
               base will provide effective endorsement and substantial support for the Company to eventually
               become a first-class investment bank and investment institution.




56 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                SECTION 3               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


III.   FINANCIAL STATEMENT ANALYSIS

       Profitability Analysis

       In 2025, the Group realized total revenue and other income of RMB34,985 million, representing a YoY
       increase of 16.07%; net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB9,439
       million, representing a YoY increase of 30.68%; basic earnings per Share amounted to RMB1.09,
       representing a YoY increase of 37.97%; return on weighted average equity was 10.53%, representing a
       YoY increase of 2.29 percentage points.

       Asset Structure and Asset Quality

       During the Reporting Period, the Company recorded growth in both total assets and total liabilities.

       As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB676,816 million, representing an
       increase of RMB110,398 million, or 19.49%, as compared with December 31, 2024; after deducting
       accounts payable to brokerage clients and accounts payable to underwriting clients, the Group’s total
       assets amounted to RMB500,880 million, representing an increase of RMB66,241 million, or 15.24%, as
       compared with December 31, 2024. Among which, investment assets, mainly including investments in
       associates and investments in financial assets, accounted for 66.81% of the total assets; margin accounts
       and financial assets held under resale agreements accounted for 18.14% of the total assets; cash and
       bank balances accounted for 10.92% of the total assets; and other assets in aggregate accounted for
       4.13% of the total assets.

       As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB557,665 million, representing
       an increase of RMB97,766 million, or 21.26%, as compared with December 31, 2024; after deducting
       accounts payable to brokerage clients and accounts payable to underwriting clients, the Group’s total
       liabilities amounted to RMB381,730 million, representing an increase of RMB53,610 million, or 16.34%,
       as compared with December 31, 2024. Among which, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
       accounted for 35.50% of the total liabilities; short-term borrowings, placements from banks and other
       financial institutions, short-term financing instruments payable and bonds in issue with maturity within
       one year accounted for 25.39% of the total liabilities; bonds in issue accounted for 24.64% of the total
       liabilities; financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial liabilities accounted
       for 4.75% of the total liabilities; and other liabilities in aggregate accounted for 9.72% of the total liabilities.




                                                                   Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                   57
    SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s equity attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted
          to RMB119,102 million, representing an increase of RMB12,633 million, or 11.87%, as compared with
          December 31, 2024.

          As of December 31, 2025, after deducting accounts payable to brokerage clients and accounts payable
          to underwriting clients, the gearing ratio of the Group was 76.21%, representing an increase of 0.72
          percentage point, as compared with December 31, 2024.

          Cash Flow Status

          After deducting the impact of changes in accounts payable to brokerage clients, the Group’s net increase
          in cash and cash equivalents was RMB8,435 million in 2025, representing a YoY decrease of RMB1,933
          million, which was mainly attributable to the YoY increase in net cash outflows from investing activities.

          Net cash inflow from operating activities in 2025 was RMB42,720 million, representing a YoY increase of
          RMB41,655 million, which was mainly attributable to the YoY increase in net cash inflow from operating
          activities arising from changes in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.

          Net cash outflow from investing activities in 2025 was RMB50,173 million, representing a YoY increase
          of RMB36,851 million, which was mainly attributable to the YoY increase in cash outflow arising from the
          increase in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

          Net cash inflow from financing activities in 2025 was RMB15,889 million, representing a YoY decrease of
          RMB6,736 million, which was mainly attributable to the YoY increase in cash outflows from repayments of
          debts.




58 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
               SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


IV.   ANALYSIS ON INCOME STATEMENT

      Financial Highlights:

      In 2025, the Group accomplished a profit before income tax of RMB11,737 million, representing a YoY
      increase of 35.06%. Major financial highlights of the Group are as below:

                                                                                            Unit: RMB million

       Items                                                                       2025               2024


       Fee and commission income                                                17,068              13,336
       Interest income                                                           8,856               8,683
       Net investment gains                                                      8,691               7,763
       Other income                                                                370                 358
       Total expenses                                                           23,252              21,458
       Share of profits of associates                                                3                   8
       Profit before income tax                                                 11,737               8,690
       Income tax expense                                                        2,283               1,455
       Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company                  9,439               7,223


      Structure of Total Revenue and Other Income

      In 2025, the total operating revenue and other income of the Group amounted to RMB34,985 million,
      representing a YoY increase of 16.07%. The structure of revenue remained relatively stable. The revenue
      structure of the Group in the past five years is as follows:

       Items                                       2025           2024      2023          2022        2021


       Fee and commission income                48.79%        44.25%     45.39%       52.02%        47.26%
       Interest income                          25.31%        28.81%     31.89%       31.91%        27.65%
       Net investment gains                     24.84%        25.76%     21.61%       15.18%        24.77%
       Other income                              1.06%         1.18%      1.11%        0.89%         0.32%


       Total                                  100.00%        100.00%     100.00%     100.00%      100.00%




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.          59
    SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Fee and Commission Income

          In 2025, the net fee and commission income of the Group amounted to RMB13,167 million, representing
          a YoY increase of 29.84%, which was mainly due to the increase in fee and commission income from
          brokerage services business. Changes in fee and commission income of the Group during 2024 and 2025
          are as follows:

                                                                                                   Unit: RMB million

                                                                                                        Change in
           Items                                             2025                 2024        Change   percentage
                                                                                                              (%)


           Fee and commission income
           – Brokerage services business                   11,588              8,673           2,915         33.61
           – Investment banking business                    3,274              2,677             597         22.30
           – Asset and fund management business             1,346              1,344               2          0.15
           – Others                                           860                642             218         33.96
           Fee and commission expenses                      3,901              3,195             706         22.10
           Net fee and commission income                   13,167             10,141           3,026         29.84


          The Composition of Fee and Commission Income during 2024 and 2025
                        The Composition of Fee and                           The Composition of Fee and
                        Commission Income in 2025                            Commission Income in 2024
                              Others                                                 Others
             Asset and fund                                      Asset and fund      4.81%
                              5.04%
             management                                          management
               business                                            business
                7.89%                                               10.08%

           Investment
             banking                                         Investment
            business                                           banking
                                                                                                         Brokerage
             19.18%                                           business
                                                                                                           services
                                                               20.07%
                                                                                                          business
                                                                                                           65.04%
                                                 Brokerage
                                             services business
                                                   67.89%


          The fee and commission income from brokerage services business increased by RMB2,915 million, or
          33.61% YoY, which was mainly due to the YoY increase in the income of securities brokerage services
          business.

          The fee and commission income from investment banking business increased by RMB597 million, or
          22.30% YoY, which was mainly due to the YoY increase in the income of stock underwriting business.

          The fee and commission income from asset and fund management business increased by RMB2 million,
          or 0.15% YoY, which was mainly due to the YoY increase in the income of asset management business.

          Other fee and commission income increased by RMB218 million, or 33.96% YoY, which was mainly due
          to the YoY increase in the income of investment consultation business.




60 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
         SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Interest Income

In 2025, the net interest income of the Group amounted to RMB1,095 million, representing a YoY increase
of 39.31%. The table below sets out the major composition of the net interest income of the Group during
the indicated periods:

                                                                                      Unit: RMB million

                                                                                            Change in
 Items                                             2025           2024         Change      percentage
                                                                                                  (%)


 Interest Income
 – Margin financing and securities lending        3,449           3,070            379           12.35
 – Financial assets held under resale
      agreements                                    293             366            -73          -19.95
 – Deposits in financial institutions             2,740           3,080           -340          -11.04
 – Financial assets at fair value through
      other comprehensive income                  2,344           2,133            211            9.89
 – Others                                            30              34             -4          -11.76
 Interest expenses
 – Accounts payable to brokerage clients            416             472            -56          -11.86
 – Financial assets sold under repurchase
      agreements                                  2,404           2,677           -273          -10.20
 – Placements from banks and other
      financial institutions                        107             318           -211         -66.35
 – Borrowings                                       146              45            101         224.44
 – Bonds in issue and short-term
      financing instruments payable               4,598           4,218            380            9.01
 – Others                                            90             167            -77          -46.11
 Net interest income                              1,095             786            309           39.31


Interest income from margin financing and securities lending increased by RMB379 million, or 12.35%
YoY, which was mainly due to the increase in the corresponding interest income arising from the increase
in average scale of margin accounts during the year.

Interest income from deposits in financial institutions decreased by RMB340 million, or 11.04% YoY,
which was mainly due to the decrease in the corresponding interest income arising from the decrease in
average interest rate of deposits in financial institutions.

Interest income from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by
RMB211 million, or 9.89% YoY, which was mainly due to the increase in the corresponding interest income
arising from the increase in average scale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income during the year.

Interest expenses decreased by RMB136 million, or 1.72% YoY, which was mainly due to the YoY
decrease in the interest expense of financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and placements
from banks and other financial institutions.




                                                     Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            61
    SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Net investment gains

          In 2025, net investment gains of the Group amounted to RMB8,691 million, representing a YoY increase
          of 11.95%. The table below sets out the major composition of the net investment gains of the Group
          during the indicated periods:

                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million

                                                                                                        Change in
           Items                                              2025            2024         Change      percentage
                                                                                                              (%)


           Financial instruments at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                        880             472             408          86.44
           Financial instruments at fair value through
             profit or loss                                 16,335           7,787           8,548         109.77
           Derivative financial instruments                 -8,648            -600          -8,048            N/A
           Others                                              124             104              20          19.23


           Total                                             8,691           7,763             928          11.95


          Net investment gains from financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          increased by RMB408 million, or 86.44% YoY. Among them, the net investment gains from holding
          financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by RMB606 million YoY;
          the net investment gains from disposal of financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income decreased by RMB198 million YoY.

          Net investment gains from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss increased by RMB8,548
          million or 109.77% YoY. Among them, the net investment gains from disposal of financial instruments at
          fair value through profit or loss increased by RMB7,325 million YoY; the net investment gains from holding
          financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss increased by RMB1,223 million YoY.

          Net investment losses from derivative financial instruments decreased by RMB8,048 million YoY, among
          them, the net investment losses from disposal of derivative financial instruments decreased by RMB6,266
          million YoY; the net investment losses from holding derivative financial instruments decreased by
          RMB1,782 million YoY.




62 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
         SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Total Expenses

In 2025, the expenses of the Group (excluding fee and commission expenses and interest expenses)
amounted to RMB11,590 million, representing a YoY increase of 11.80%. The table below sets out the
major composition of the expenses of the Group during the indicated periods:

                                                                                        Unit: RMB million

                                                                                              Change in
 Items                                              2025            2024         Change      percentage
                                                                                                    (%)


 Staff costs                                       7,044           6,309             735          11.65
 Tax and surcharges                                  163             121              42          34.71
 Other operating expenses and costs                4,080           3,827             253           6.61
 Credit impairment losses                            299              91             208         228.57
 Impairment losses on other assets                     4              19             -15         -78.95


 Total                                            11,590          10,367           1,223          11.80


Staff costs for the year increased by RMB735 million, or 11.65% YoY, which was mainly due to the YoY
increase in employee remuneration.

Other operating expenses and costs for the year increased by RMB253 million, or 6.61% YoY, which
was mainly due to the YoY increase in electronic equipment operating expenses and membership fees of
exchanges.

The credit impairment losses for the year increased by RMB208 million or 228.57% YoY, which was
mainly due to the increase in the credit impairment losses of financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income.




                                                      Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             63
    SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          The table below sets out the composition of the credit impairment losses of the Group during the
          indicated periods:

                                                                                                Unit: RMB million

                                                                                                     Change in
           Items                                            2025            2024        Change      Percentage
                                                                                                           (%)


           Financial assets at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                       184            -99            283             N/A
           Margin accounts                                    250            298            -48          -16.11
           Financial assets held under resale
             agreements                                      -116           -111              -5            N/A
           Others                                             -19              3             -22        -733.33


           Total                                              299             91            208         228.57


    V.    ANALYSIS ON FINANCIAL POSITION

          Assets

          As of December 31, 2025, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB676,816 million, representing
          an increase of RMB110,398 million, or 19.49% as compared with December 31, 2024. Excluding the
          impact of accounts payable to brokerage clients and accounts payable to underwriting clients, the total
          assets of the Group amounted to RMB500,880 million as at December 31, 2025, representing an increase
          of RMB66,241 million, or 15.24%, as compared with December 31, 2024. The changes in major assets of
          the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                Unit: RMB million

                                                      December         December                      Change in
           Items                                       31, 2025         31, 2024        Change      percentage
                                                                                                           (%)


           Financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss                              186,665         201,971        -15,306           -7.58
           Financial assets at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                  145,571          92,381         53,190           57.58
           Derivative financial assets                     2,282           3,358         -1,076          -32.04
           Investments in associates                         103             123            -20          -16.26
           Margin accounts                                84,384          62,949         21,435           34.05
           Financial assets held under resale
             agreements                                     6,494         11,103         -4,609          -41.51
           Cash and bank balances                          54,686         46,473          8,213           17.67
           Others                                          20,695         16,281          4,414           27.11


           Total                                         500,880         434,639         66,241           15.24




64 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
            SECTION 3                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Composition of Assets during 2024 and 2025
                The Composition                                                        The Composition
           of Assets at the end of 2025                                           of Assets at the end of 2024
                                  Others                                                              Others
              Cash and bank                                                        Cash and bank
                                  4.13%                                                               3.76%
                 balances                                                              balances
                  10.92%                                                                10.69%
 Financial assets                                                     Financial assets
held under resale                                                    held under resale
   agreements                                                           agreements
      1.30%                                                                2.55%
                                                  Financial assets
                                                     at fair value        Margin
     Margin                                        through profit        accounts
    accounts                                           or loss            14.48%                                           Financial assets
     16.84%                                            37.27%                                                                 at fair value
                                                                     Investments in
 Investments in                                                                                                             through profit
                                                                       associates
   associates                                                                                                                   or loss
                                                                         0.03%
     0.02%                                                                                                                      46.47%
                                                                     Derivative financial
 Derivative financial                                                      assets
       assets                                                              0.77%
       0.46%                                                              Financial assets at fair
                   Financial assets at fair                                 value through other
                    value through other                                       comprehensive
                      comprehensive                                                income
                         income                                                    21.25%
                          29.06%



Investments

The investments of the Group comprise financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets
at fair value through other comprehensive income, derivative financial assets, investments in associates.

As of December 31, 2025, the total external investments of the Group amounted to RMB334,621 million,
representing an increase of RMB36,788 million, or 12.35%, as compared with December 31, 2024. The
following table sets out the investments of the Group by category and their percentages of total assets
(excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients and accounts payable to underwriting clients) as of the
dates indicated:

                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million

                                                              December 31, 2025                                December 31, 2024
                                                                      Percentage to                                      Percentage to
 Items                                                        Amount    total assets                           Amount       total assets
                                                                                 (%)                                                 (%)


 Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                              186,665                        37.27            201,971              46.47
 Financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                  145,571                        29.06             92,381              21.25
 Derivative financial assets                                     2,282                         0.46              3,358               0.77
 Investments in associates                                         103                         0.02                123               0.03


 Total                                                         334,621                        66.81            297,833              68.52




                                                                        Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                            65
    SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

          As of December 31, 2025, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of the Group amounted
          to RMB186,665 million, representing a decrease of RMB15,306 million, or 7.58%, as compared with
          December 31, 2024, which was mainly due to the YoY decrease in the investment of debt instruments.
          Changes in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million

                                                       December         December                       Change in
           Items                                        31, 2025         31, 2024         Change      percentage
                                                                                                             (%)


           Debt instruments                                 65,339        102,420         -37,081          -36.20
           Equity investments                               22,514         26,590          -4,076          -15.33
           Fund investments                                 41,978         21,480          20,498           95.43
           Others                                           56,834         51,481           5,353           10.40


           Total                                          186,665         201,971         -15,306           -7.58


          Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

          As of December 31, 2025, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income of the
          Group amounted to RMB145,571 million, representing an increase of RMB53,190 million, or 57.58%, as
          compared with December 31, 2024, which was primarily due to the YoY increase in equity investments.
          Changes in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million

                                                       December         December                       Change in
           Items                                        31, 2025         31, 2024         Change      percentage
                                                                                                             (%)


           Debt instruments                                 93,348         77,559          15,789          20.36
           Equity investments                               52,223         14,822          37,401         252.33


           Total                                          145,571          92,381          53,190          57.58




66 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
         SECTION 3             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Investments in Associates

As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s investments in associates amounted to RMB103 million,
representing a decrease of RMB20 million, or 16.26%, as compared with December 31, 2024, which was
mainly due to the dividend distribution of associates during the Reporting Period.

                                                                                          Unit: RMB million

                                               December         December                        Change in
 Items                                          31, 2025         31, 2024         Change       percentage
                                                                                                      (%)


 Investments in associates                            103             123              -20         -16.26


Cash and Bank Balances

As of December 31, 2025, cash and bank balances amounted to RMB54,686 million, representing an
increase of RMB8,213 million or 17.67%, as compared with December 31, 2024, which was mainly due to
the sum of net cash inflow from operating activities and financing activities exceeding the net cash outflow
from investing activities.

                                                                                          Unit: RMB million

                                               December         December                        Change in
 Items                                          31, 2025         31, 2024         Change       percentage
                                                                                                      (%)


 Cash and Bank Balances                            54,686          46,473           8,213           17.67


Status of Major Restricted Assets as of the End of the Reporting Period

As of December 31, 2025, please refer to “Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss” in Note
22, “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income” in Note 23 and “Cash and bank
balances” in Note 32 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this annual report for details of the
major restricted assets.




                                                       Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              67
    SECTION 3             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Liabilities

          As of December 31, 2025, total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB557,665 million, representing an
          increase of RMB97,766 million, or 21.26%, as compared with December 31, 2024. Excluding the impact
          of accounts payable to brokerage clients and accounts payable to underwriting clients, total liabilities
          of the Group amounted to RMB381,730 million as at December 31, 2025, representing an increase of
          RMB53,610 million, or 16.34%, as compared with December 31, 2024. The following table sets out
          changes in the total liabilities of the Group as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                                Unit: RMB million

                                                         December      December                       Change in
           Items                                          31, 2025      31, 2024         Change      percentage
                                                                                                            (%)


           Accounts payable to brokerage clients           175,840       130,642          45,198           34.60
           Accounts payable to underwriting clients             95         1,137          -1,042          -91.64
           Short-term borrowings, placements from
             banks and other financial institutions,
             short-term financing instruments
             payable and bonds in issue with
             maturity within one year                       96,942        70,203          26,739           38.09
           Financial liabilities at fair value through
             profit or loss                                 11,610          9,105          2,505           27.51
           Derivative financial liabilities                  6,529          4,072          2,457           60.34
           Financial assets sold under repurchase
             agreements                                    135,496       113,713          21,783           19.16
           Bonds in issue                                   94,043        97,859          -3,816           -3.90
           Others                                           37,110        33,168           3,942           11.88


           Total                                           557,665       459,899          97,766           21.26


          As of December 31, 2025, total accounts payable to brokerage clients of the Group amounted to
          RMB175,840 million, accounting for 31.53% of the total liabilities of the Group, and representing an
          increase of RMB45,198 million, or 34.60%, as compared with December 31, 2024. The following table
          sets out the Group’s accounts payable to brokerage clients by geographical locations and types of
          customers as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                                Unit: RMB million

                                                         December      December                       Change in
           Items                                          31, 2025      31, 2024         Change      percentage
                                                                                                            (%)


           Chinese Mainland                                173,706       128,578          45,128           35.10
           – Individual                                    102,468        80,892          21,576           26.67
           – Institutions                                   71,238        47,686          23,552           49.39
           Outside Chinese Mainland                          2,134         2,064              70            3.39


           Total                                           175,840       130,642          45,198           34.60


68 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
         SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As of December 31, 2025, short-term borrowings, placements from banks and other financial institutions,
short-term financing instruments payable and bonds in issue with maturity within one year amounted to
RMB96,942 million in aggregate, representing an increase of RMB26,739 million, or 38.09%, as compared
with December 31, 2024, which was mainly due to the YoY increase in short-term financing instruments
payable.

As of December 31, 2025, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements amounted to RMB135,496
million, representing an increase of RMB21,783 million, or 19.16%, as compared with December 31,
2024, which was mainly due to the YoY increase in the ending balance of collateralized repurchase
business.

As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s bonds in issue amounted to RMB94,043 million, representing a
decrease of RMB3,816 million, or 3.90%, as compared with December 31, 2024, which was mainly due
to the YoY decrease in the ending balance of subordinated bonds in issue.

Equity

As of December 31, 2025, the total equity of the Group amounted to RMB119,150 million, representing
an increase of RMB12,631 million, or 11.86%, as compared with December 31, 2024, which was mainly
attributable to the issuance of other equity instruments and the profits for the year. The following table
sets out the composition of the Group’s total equity as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                        Unit: RMB million

                                                                        December              December
 Items                                                                   31, 2025              31, 2024


 Share capital                                                                7,757               7,757
 Other equity instruments                                                    36,145              29,826
 Capital reserve                                                             12,328              12,371
 Surplus reserve                                                              8,767               7,874
 General reserve                                                             18,582              16,893
 Investment revaluation reserve                                               1,587               1,028
 Foreign currency translation reserve                                           364                 481
 Retained earnings                                                           33,571              30,239
 Non-controlling interests                                                       49                  50


 Total                                                                     119,150              106,519




                                                      Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             69
    SECTION 3                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    VI.   ANALYSIS ON MAJOR CONTROLLED COMPANIES AND INVESTEE COMPANIES

                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’00 million

                        Company           Date of         Principal                Registered                Person in          Contact          Registered
           Company name type              establishment   business                 address                   charge             number              capital


           China             Subsidiary   March           Commodity futures           27/F and 30/F, Hilton     WANG Guangxue   023-86769605         14.00
             Futures                       16, 1993         brokerage, financial        Business Center, No.
                                                            futures brokerage, futures 131, Zhongshan 3rd
                                                            investment consultation, Road, Yuzhong District,
                                                            asset management and Chongqing (重慶市渝中區
                                                            fund sales                  中山三路131號希爾頓商務
                                                                                        中心27 樓、30樓)
           China             Subsidiary   July            Project investment,         Room 2, East Side, 6/F, LI Tiesheng       010-56121567         35.00
             Capital                        31, 2009        investment management, 188 Chaoyangmen Inner
                                                            asset management            St, Dongcheng District,
                                                            and financial advisory      Beijing (北京市東城區朝陽
                                                            (excluding intermediaries) 門內大街188號6層東側2
                                                                                        間)
           China             Subsidiary   July            Holding and investment, 18/F, Two Exchange            JIANG Yueqin    +852-34655600      Paid up
             Securities                     12, 2012        and its subsidiaries may Square, 8 Connaught                                          capital of
             International                                  engage in businesses        Place, Central, Hong                                     HK$4,000
                                                            including securities        Kong                                                        million
                                                            brokerage, asset
                                                            management, corporate
                                                            finance, investment
                                                            consultation, futures
                                                            trading, proprietary
                                                            investment and insurance
                                                            brokerage
           China Fund        Subsidiary   September 9,    Fund raising, fund sales, Room 1, Building No. 3, HUANG Ling          010-59100288           4.50
                                            2013            specific customer asset Balongqiao Yayuan,
                                                            management, asset           Qiaozi Town, Huairou
                                                            management and other District, Beijing (北京市懷
                                                            businesses approved by 柔區橋梓鎮八龍橋雅苑3
                                                            the CSRC                    號樓1室)
           China             Subsidiary   November 27,    Investment management, Unit 109, Block C, Beijing LI Xudong           010-56014168         61.00
             Securities                    2017             equity investment and Fund Town Center, No. 1
             Investment                                     management, investment Jinyuan Avenue, Changgou
                                                            consultation (excluding Town, Fangshan District,
                                                            intermediaries)           Beijing (北京市房山區長溝鎮
                                                            and project               金元大街1號北京基金小鎮大
                                                            investment                廈C座109)

          Note 1: As the Company completed a capital increase to China Securities International in February 2026, as of the date of
                  disclosure of this report, the registered capital of China Securities International has been changed to “Paid up capital of
                  HK$5,500 million”.

          Note 2: As of the date of disclosure of this report, the person in charge of China Securities International has been changed to
                  Wu Chaoze.




70 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
            SECTION 3             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    1.    China Futures

          As of December 31, 2025, total assets and net assets of China Futures amounted to RMB52,116
          million and RMB4,631 million, respectively; in 2025, China Futures realized a total revenue and
          other income of RMB3,318 million and a net profit of RMB651 million.

    2.    China Capital

          As of December 31, 2025, total assets and net assets of China Capital amounted to RMB4,799
          million and RMB2,728 million, respectively; in 2025, China Capital realized a total revenue and
          other income of RMB294 million and a net profit of RMB100 million.

    3.    China Securities International

          As of December 31, 2025, total assets and net assets of China Securities International amounted
          to RMB60,168 million and RMB5,130 million, respectively; in 2025, China Securities International
          realized a total revenue and other income of RMB2,955 million and a net profit of RMB891 million.

    4.    China Fund

          As of December 31, 2025, total assets and net assets of China Fund amounted to RMB1,146
          million and RMB933 million, respectively; in 2025, China Fund realized a total revenue and other
          income of RMB373 million and a net profit of RMB70 million.

    5.    China Securities Investment

          As of December 31, 2025, total assets and net assets of China Securities Investment amounted
          to RMB6,225 million and RMB5,552 million, respectively; in 2025, China Securities Investment
          realized a total revenue and other income of RMB669 million and a net profit of RMB473 million.


VII. EXPLANATION IN SCOPE OF STATEMENT CONSOLIDATION

    As of December 31, 2025, the Company had a total of 12 structured entities included in the first-
    level consolidation scope of the financial statements. There were 17 first-level entities included in the
    consolidation scope of the financial statements of the Company.




                                                          Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            71
    SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    VIII. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON FUTURE DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY

          (I)   Industry Landscape and Trends

                Looking ahead to 2026, the securities industry is poised to advance toward a new stage of high-
                quality development by serving national strategies and strengthening its own foundations.

                From a macroeconomic perspective, the global economy is expected to maintain moderate growth
                in 2026, with further easing of global liquidity anticipated. At the same time, major-power dynamics
                and geopolitical risks may continue to introduce uncertainty and instability into international
                markets. A new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation, represented by
                artificial intelligence, commercial aerospace, biomedicine, and green energy, is accelerating, and
                technological competition will become a key factor in the international competition landscape. Amid
                a complex and evolving external environment, the resilience and potential of China’s economy
                remain unchanged, with the foundational conditions and long-term positive trend remaining firmly
                in place. Macroeconomic policies will adhere to the general principle of “seeking progress while
                maintaining stability and improving quality and efficiency,” continuing to implement more proactive
                fiscal policies and a moderately accommodative monetary policy, and guiding financial institutions
                to enhance support for key areas such as expanding domestic demand, technological innovation,
                and micro, small, and medium enterprises.

                From the perspective of the capital market, reforms will continue to deepen in 2026. Regulatory
                authorities will focus on the core tasks of “preventing risks, strengthening regulation, and promoting
                high-quality development.” By continuously improving the institutional environment for long-term
                investment, precisely targeting support for technological innovation enterprises, empowering the
                development of new quality productive forces, accelerating the cultivation of top-tier investment
                banks and institutions, and further enhancing the precision and effectiveness of regulatory
                enforcement, they will better drive the high-quality development of the capital market. The
                securities industry is on a steady and positive trajectory, expected to evolve in three key directions:
                first, accelerated mergers and consolidation, leading to further increases in industry concentration;
                second, deepening international expansion, with global business emerging as a second growth
                engine; and third, innovation driven by technology, as cutting-edge technologies such as AI are
                increasingly integrated into business and service ecosystems, vigorously advancing the digital-
                intelligent transformation in the industry.

                The new development landscape presents both opportunities and challenges for the Company.
                Policy guidance on channeling capital markets to serve new quality productive forces has provided
                enduring space for the Company’s investment banking business to solidify and expand its market
                edge. The institutional environment promoting long-term investment has injected fresh momentum
                into the transformation of the Company’s wealth management business. The stock market is
                expected to sustain a “slow-bull” trend amid fluctuations, offering abundant investment and service
                opportunities for the Company’s buy-side and asset management operations. The high-standard
                two-way opening of China’s capital market has created favorable conditions for deepening the
                Company’s international business. At the same time, intensifying industry competition, continuously
                strengthened regulatory requirements, volatility in the external macroeconomic environment,
                and the accelerating integration of fintech are driving the industry toward greater specialization,
                standardization, and digital intelligence. This demands that the Company consistently enhances its
                comprehensive financial service capabilities, strengthens risk and compliance management, and
                advances the effectiveness of digital and intelligent transformation, thereby building a future-proof
                sustainable competitive edge.




72 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
         SECTION 3              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(II)    Development Strategies of the Company

        Under the new landscape, China Securities aims to develop and strengthen its comprehensive
        capabilities as a “first-class in domestic” institution. By 2030, it seeks to comprehensively achieve
        a leading position commensurate with top-tier investment banks. In the subsequent five years,
        by 2035, it strives to fully attain first-class domestic standards and endeavors to become a
        premier investment bank and investment institution with international competitiveness and market
        leadership. To this end, China Securities will thoroughly implement the requirements of “focusing
        on the core business, improving governance, and pursuing differentiated development”. Also, it
        will center on value creation, oriented toward new quality productive forces, and driven by digital-
        intelligent transformation, the Company will build itself to be a Value-Oriented Investment Bank,
        a New-Quality Investment Bank and a Digital-Intelligent Investment Bank. It will accelerate the
        establishment of a client-driven new development model, enhance its internationalization level, and
        integrate all aspects of its work into the broader context of building a strong financial country.

        To realize the aforementioned strategic vision, the Company will strengthen comprehensive
        supporting safeguards by fortifying five guarantee systems of corporate governance, compliance
        and risk control, organizational structure, foundational management, and digital-intelligent
        technology. It will forge a professional financial team with excellent political integrity, conduct,
        capability, and performance.

(III)   Business Plan

        The year 2026 marks the beginning of the “15th Five-Year Plan” and represents a critical period
        for the Company to advance the initiative of a “first-class investment bank” with full effort. The
        Company will persistently strengthen and enhance the strategic guiding of national interests;
        accelerate the establishment of a client-driven new development model to connect the business
        value chain cycle; focus on serving new quality productive forces to build an “industrial integration-
        focused investment bank”; promote the transformation of the wealth management business and
        deepen its integration with asset management; refine the regional management framework to fully
        explore regional value; enhance the competitiveness of international operations and increase the
        proportion of international business revenue; advance the “AI Plus” initiative to develop a “Digital-
        Intelligent Investment Bank”; strengthen human resource support and improve talent incentive
        mechanisms; consolidate the compliance and risk control management structure and reinforce the
        safeguards for compliance and risk control.

        For specific operating plans of each business segment, please refer to the “Management
        Discussion and Analysis” in this section.




                                                         Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              73
    SECTION 3          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          (IV)   Potential Risks (Including Implementation of Comprehensive Risk Management
                 and Compliance Risk Control, and Investment in Information Technology)

                 1.   Potential Risks

                      The major risks to which the Company may be exposed include market risk, credit
                      risk, liquidity risk and compliance risk. Specifically, they include: market risk brought by
                      fluctuations in stock, bond, commodity and foreign exchange markets to investment portfolio
                      of the Company; credit risk brought by insufficient repayment capability of financiers in
                      financing business and counterparties in OTC derivatives business or abnormal decline in
                      the price of securities used as security (pledge or margin) to the Company, and credit risk
                      brought by default or declined credibility of the bond issuer to bond and investment portfolio
                      of the Company; liquidity risk brought by improper asset-liability allocation or cash flow
                      management, inadequate financing channels or insufficient facilities, tight liquidity or soaring
                      funding prices at a specific time point, financing operation errors or significant negative
                      public opinion faced by the Company in the expected context of overall accommodative
                      capital supply; and compliance risk brought by internal control loopholes, violations of
                      regulatory requirements, etc. to the Company. In addition, the Company may be exposed to
                      other risks including strategic risk, operational risk, legal risk, technical risk and reputational
                      risk. The combined effect of above risks will pose certain challenges to the operation of the
                      Company.

                 2.   Implementation of Comprehensive Risk Management of the Company

                      The Company has attached great importance to risk management. Over more than a
                      decade of exploration and practices, and pursuant to the requirements of regulation
                      rules and self-regulatory rules, the Company has established a relatively complete and
                      comprehensive risk management system and has been officially included in the pilot program
                      for consolidated supervision by CSRC in March 2020. In 2025, in accordance with the
                      newly promulgated self-discipline rules, the Company has revised the Comprehensive Risk
                      Management Measures (   《全面風險管理辦法》             ) and formulated the Consolidated Management
                      Measures ( 《併表管理辦法》        ) to further improve its comprehensive risk management system,
                      optimize and improve the working mechanism and process of various risk management;
                      continued to promote refined capital management to promote capital growth and enhance
                      the efficiency of capital utilization; strengthened early warning collaborative research and
                      system construction to improve risk early warning capability; continued to strengthen
                      international business risk management under the integrated management framework;
                      standardized the process of impairment write-off mechanism and improved risk disposal
                      mechanism, continued to strengthen the investigation, prevention and resolution of risks of
                      customers and projects in key areas, such as local government debt and real estate. Please
                      refer to “Risk Management” in this section for details of the Company’s comprehensive risk
                      management.




74 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


3.   Establishment of Dynamic Monitoring System for Risk Control Indicators

     In order to implement the requirements under the Measures for the Risk Control Indicators
     Management of Securities Companies (       《證券公司風險控制指標管理辦法》                    ) issued by the
     CSRC, the Company has formulated the Management Measures of Risk Control Indicators
     (
     《風險控制指標管理辦法》               ) and the Regulations on Dynamic Monitoring of the Risk Control
     Indicators (《風險控制指標動態監控細則》), which improved the dynamic monitoring
     mechanism of the risk control indicators. The Company has established a dynamic
     monitoring and evaluation system for net capital, and designated personnel in charge of daily
     measuring, monitoring of various risk control indicators and risk warnings, in order to timely
     report and handle various exceptions. Based on the regulatory standards and early warning
     standards of risk control indicators prescribed by the regulatory authorities and through
     adding more stringent corporate standards as the monitoring threshold, the Company has
     formed a three-level early warning (control) standard of risk control indicators primarily based
     on the early warning line of the Company, the early warning line of the regulatory authorities
     as well as supervision line of the regulatory authorities, and established and improved the
     corresponding reporting approaches and response plans to ensure that net capital and
     other risk control indicators continuously meet the requirements of the regulatory authorities.

     The Company has issued the Implementation Plan for Normalized Management of
     Net Capital (《淨資本常態化管理實施方案》) in 2025 to carry out comprehensive and
     forward-looking monitoring and management of net capital, establish a net capital
     replenishment mechanism, clarify the division of responsibilities among relevant departments,
     and refine the initiation and decision-making procedures for capital replenishment. The
     Company may replenish its net capital through means including, but not limited to, equity
     financing, and issuance of subordinated debt and convertible bonds, as well as scientifically
     managing net capital deductions such as injecting capital to and providing guarantees for
     subsidiaries. The Company has established a forward-looking adjustment mechanism for risk
     control indicators to ensure that the risk control indicators are continuously maintained at
     a robust and compliant level through, among others, replenishing net capital, adjusting the
     structure of assets and liabilities, as well as reducing the scale of business when abnormal
     changes or early warnings are shown in the risk control indicators.

     In 2025, the Company’s net capital and other risk control indicators continued to meet the
     regulatory standards, and the major risk control indicators were at a healthy level and no
     warning standards were triggered.




                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               75
    SECTION 3           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                4.    Investments in Corporate Compliance Risk Control and Information Technology

                      The Company attaches great importance to compliance management and risk management,
                      continuously optimizes and improves the construction of compliance management and
                      comprehensive risk management systems, continuously refines the structure of risk control
                      and compliance personnel, and strengthens internal and external training and exchanges, so
                      as to enhance its personnel professional literacy; the Company promotes the construction of
                      compliance risk control systems through a combination of self-development and outsourced
                      procurement, and continuously increases the investment, sets up the “Key Projects” so as
                      to effectively promote the improvement of the timeliness, professionalism and intelligence
                      of compliance risk control. The Company’s investment in compliance risk control mainly
                      includes: investment in compliance risk control personnel, investment in the construction of
                      relevant compliance risk control system and operating expenses of the relevant compliance
                      risk control departments. In 2025, in terms of the parent company, the Company’s total
                      investment in compliance risk control amounted to RMB742.29 million.

                      The Company has continued to commit more resources to information technology. The
                      Company has continued to invest in areas such as construction and transformation of
                      the environmental infrastructures, continuous improvement and innovative development
                      of system functions on the one hand, and has accelerated the promotion of digital
                      transformation on the other hand. The Company has continued to put more efforts in
                      the introduction of information technology talents, focused on cultivating more talents
                      for both self-development and new technologies, and gradually formed the Company’s
                      core information technology competitiveness. The Company’s investment in information
                      technology mainly includes: capital expenditure related to information technology,
                      daily operation and maintenance expenses, leasing and depreciation expenses, and
                      remunerations for information technology personnel. In 2025, in terms of the parent
                      company, the Company’s total investment in information technology amounted to
                      RMB1,694.2857 million.

          (V)   Access to and Ability of Financing of the Company

                The Company has diversified financing channels and may conduct short-term and medium-to-
                long-term financing in accordance with market conditions and its own demands through means
                approved by the competent authorities, including bond repurchases, inter-bank lending, short-term
                commercial papers, corporate bonds, financial bonds, subordinated bonds, perpetual subordinated
                bonds, placements and rights issues.

                The Company’s operating conditions are stable, with sound profitability and debt-servicing
                capacity. It has been granted ample credit lines by large state-owned and joint-stock commercial
                banks, providing strong support for the Company to raise funds in a timely manner. In 2026,
                the Company will, in light of its business development needs, scientifically arrange the scale and
                structure of liabilities, maintain a reasonable and prudent leverage level, and properly manage
                liabilities and liquidity.




76 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
              SECTION 3             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


IX.   RISK MANAGEMENT

      (I)    Overview

             The Company attaches great importance to the formation of a risk management system all the
             time. The Company adheres to the strategic policy of healthy development and establishes the
             business philosophy of putting risk management in an important position and “risk management as
             priority, risk management by all”. The Company’s risk management is in line with the Company’s
             general operating strategic goal, ensures that the risks are measurable, controllable and bearable,
             and obtains reasonable risk returns. The Company continues to enhance its comprehensive risk
             management system in accordance with the needs arising from its business development, market
             condition changes and the regulatory requirements, so as to enhance integrated risk management
             capability. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s comprehensive risk management
             mechanism remained sound and operated effectively, and the overall risk was measurable,
             controllable and bearable.

      (II)   Structure of Risk Management

             The Board of Directors is the Company’s ultimate decision-making body for risk management.
             The executive management is the executive body, while different units are responsible for directly
             managing the risks in their business or management. The Company has three dedicated risk
             control departments, namely the Risk Management Department, the Legal and Compliance
             Department and the Audit Department, which independently exercise risk control and supervision
             functions from pre-event to during-event and post-event, according to their respective roles and
             responsibilities.

             The Board of Directors makes decisions with respect to, among others, strategies and policies on
             the Company’s risk management, basic risk management rules and procedures, internal control
             arrangements, and other significant risk management events of the Company.

             The Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the
             overall risk management of the Company in general and keeping it under a reasonable control
             so as to ensure that the Company can carry out effective risk management for various risks
             related to its operating activities. The Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors
             considers and advises the overall objectives and basic policies of compliance management and risk
             management; clarifies the strategic arrangements and resource allocation for risk management and
             consolidated management, so that they are compatible with the risk management and consolidated
             management policies of the Company; formulates tolerance level for major risks; and supervises
             and reviews the relevant risk management policies and makes recommendations to the Board.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             77
    SECTION 3           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


               The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors bears the supervision and evaluation
               responsibility of overall risk management of the Company, and is responsible for supervising and
               inspecting the performance of duties of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of the
               Company in risk management, and urges rectification.

               The Executive Committee reviews and makes decisions on the specific risk management events
               in its business management and makes decisions on, among others, rules and control measures
               on improving the Company’s risk management and internal control in accordance with the risk
               management strategy and policies determined by the Board.

               The Risk Management Committee under the Executive Committee is responsible for organizing the
               determination of the Company’s risk appetite, risk tolerance level and overall risk limits, reviewing
               and approving the risk limits and risk control standards specific to each business line; formulating
               and promoting the implementation of the Company’s risk management rules and procedures;
               reviewing new business and new products; conducting research on risk control strategies and
               plans for major business matters.

               The Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for leading the overall risk management work,
               organizing the formulation of risk management rules and procedures, risk preference and other
               significant risk management policies, improving the Company’s overall risk management systems,
               and guiding the Risk Management Department in the identification, evaluation, monitoring, reporting
               and other work of various risks.

               Each and every department and branch of the Company, within their respective roles and
               responsibilities, is responsible for following the rules and procedures, and risk management and
               internal control policies of the Company, and implementing risk-control measures and engaging in
               direct risk control efforts in their business activities, and the person in charge is the primary person
               responsible for risk management of the unit; each employee of the Company is responsible for the
               effectiveness of risk management through diligence, prudence and timely reporting.

               The Company has specifically established the Risk Management Department responsible for risk
               management, the Legal and Compliance Department responsible for legal affairs and compliance
               management, and the Audit Department responsible for internal audit activities. The aforementioned
               three departments are independent from other business departments and management
               departments, establish their own working systems, standardize the business processes, operate
               independently, and perform their respective risk management functions. Specifically, the Risk
               Management Department is responsible for risk management before and during the event through
               risk monitoring and assessment, the Legal and Compliance Department takes the lead in managing
               the legal and compliance risks of the Company, and the Audit Department is responsible for
               conducting independent, objective review and appraisal of the sufficiency and effectiveness of the
               overall risk management and urging rectification.




78 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
         SECTION 3                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                     Board of Directors




                                                                Executive Committee                                                                                 Risk Management    Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                                                        Committee



                      Chief
                 Compliance Officer                                  Risk Management                                                                          Chief Risk Officer
                                                                         Committee




                                                        Trading Business




                                                                             Credit Risk Sub-committee
                                                                                                         Investment Banking       Product and Client
                Legal and Compliance                                                                                                                                 Risk Management   Audit Department
                     Department                                                                                                                                         Department


                                                        Risk Sub-committee
                                                                                                         Business Sub-committee   Suitability Sub-committee




         Compliance management
          personnel from business         Other departments,
         departments and branches      subsidiaries and branches



        In addition, the Company has set up the Investment Banking Internal Inspection Department.
        Through company-level review, the Company conducts exit management and terminal risk control
        of investment banking projects, performs ultimate approval and decision-making functions for the
        materials and documents submitted, reported, issued or disclosed in the name of the Company,
        and strengthens risk management for investment banking business.

(III)   Risk Management Mechanism

        The Company’s Risk Management Department works with business and management departments
        to identify major risks during the course of different business and management activities, specifies
        key control measures, issues and continues to improve the Risk Catalogue in light of business
        changes and monitoring findings.

        The Company establishes a before-the-event risk control mechanism. It focuses on each of the
        main business lines to formulate specific risk limits and risk control standards, and has explicit
        procedures of risk control; the Risk Management Department and the Legal and Compliance
        Department participate in the review of new business and new products, and participate in the
        pre-event review and evaluation of important projects and business systems, and express their
        opinions independently; important risk control parameters in the business system are directly under
        the management and control of the Risk Management Department, which conducts independent
        verification for valuation models of financial instruments before launch.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                                 79
    SECTION 3          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


               The Risk Management Department formulates the risk monitoring processes and monitoring
               indicators for key business and management. The Risk Management Department has established
               real-time monitoring and day-end monitoring mechanisms by using the risk management
               information technology systems to dynamically monitor the key risk indicators; independently and
               continuously monitors the risks in each business and management activity by using business
               tracking and on-site inspections. Main businesses of subsidiaries fall within the scope of
               monitoring.

               The Company formulates operational process for risk assessment, and determines main
               assessment methods and risk assessment rating criteria for various types of risks. The Risk
               Management Department rates and assesses the risk matters on an ongoing basis, evaluates
               the control of major business risks on a regular basis, and conducts comprehensive year-end
               assessments for the risk control process, risk events and risk incidents, and the risk-adjusted
               income level of the departments and branches, with the assessment results as a key component of
               their performance assessment.

               The Company has formulated guidelines for managing and controlling various types of risk,
               including market risk, credit risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, reputation risk and information
               technology risk, in order to guide and regulate the response to risks in various business lines.
               The Company has established crisis management mechanism and programs, formulated effective
               contingency measures and plans for various businesses, especially establishing an emergency
               response mechanism for key risks and emergencies such as liquidity crisis and failures on
               transaction system, and conducted regular and irregular drills.

               The Company has built a risk information communication mechanism, and conducted risk
               information transmission, management and significant risk warning work. The Risk Management
               Department formulates operational procedures for risk information submission and risk warnings,
               and the departments and branches report or issue warnings on risks identified by themselves
               to the Risk Management Department, the head of each division and the Chief Risk Officer. The
               Risk Management Department then conducts a centralized analysis of the risk information it
               has monitored and of those reported by each department to produce various risk reports, and
               submits them in a given way within the given time. The Risk Management Department continuously
               monitors risks and the risk control status by following up on the implementation of risk control
               recommendations proposed by relevant departments on the risk reports.

               The Legal and Compliance Department participates in the pre-event and during-event management
               for business lines, and controls legal and compliance risks through a series of compliance
               management methods, including compliance consultation, compliance review, compliance
               inspection, compliance supervision, compliance reporting, complaint and dispute handling,
               compliance accountability, information segregation wall and anti-money laundering, as well as
               contracts, litigation management and other methods.

               The Audit Department detects material defects in key rules and procedures and processes or
               internal control weaknesses through audits, reports these issues to the Audit Committee of the
               Board, executive management, the Legal and Compliance Department and the Risk Management
               Department, and urges rectification.




80 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
        SECTION 3               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       During the Reporting Period, as a pilot securities firm to implement supervision over consolidated
       statements, the Company improved the integrated management of overseas subsidiaries, and in
       accordance with the latest developments of the self-discipline rules, formulated the Consolidated
       Management Measures, made amendments to various risk management policies and administrative
       rules, such as the Management Measures for Overall Risks, and the Management Guidelines for
       Market Risks. Moreover, the Company continued to optimize risk management and control for new
       business and products, the ESG risk and country risk management mechanism and other aspects,
       and improved risk warning system, as well as enhanced risk handling mechanism, hereby rendering
       further improvement of risk identification and management and control capabilities of the Company.

(IV)   Details of the Major Risks and Management Associated with the Operation of the
       Company

       The risks in the daily operating activities of the Company primarily include strategic risk, credit risk,
       liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, information technology risk, legal risk and compliance
       risk, reputation risk and other risks. The Company has established corresponding policies and
       procedures to identify and analyse these risks, and set out appropriate risk limits and internal
       control processes, in order to effectively monitor and control risks above through sound control
       mechanisms and information technology systems. The major risks and risk management of the
       Company during the Reporting Period are as follows:

       1.     Strategic Risk Management

              Strategic risks refer to the risks that affect the Company’s overall development direction,
              corporate culture, information and capability of survival or corporate effectiveness.

              Based on serving the real economy and serving national strategies, the Company implements
              national financial policies, relies on the development environment of the capital market with
              Chinese characteristics, and takes the Company’s core values, development vision and
              goals as the internal guidelines for formulating various strategic plans, practices the political
              and people-oriented nature of financial work, gives full play to its functions, practices and
              implements relevant requirements of the financial culture with Chinese characteristics
              and pursues high-quality development; the Company establishes rational organizational
              structure of strategic management, improves the strategic management mechanism, and
              clarifies the procedures and methods for formulating and executing the strategic planning;
              the Company establishes assessment mechanism for strategic risk, pays close attention
              to the macroeconomic situation at home and abroad, the status of the industry, national
              industrial policies, scientific and technological progress, technological innovation, strategic
              partners, competitors and market demand, and identifies, analyses and evaluates strategic
              risks; based on the assessment on the implementation of strategic planning, the Company
              will make adjustments or take targeted measures to effectively prevent and control strategic
              risks when necessary.




                                                         Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                81
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


               2.   Credit Risk Management

                    Credit risks refer to the risks arising from the economic loss caused by failure of performing
                    the obligations in the contract by counterparties, issuers of debt financing instruments (or
                    financing parties).

                    The Company has established a relatively complete credit risk management system,
                    improved management processes covering various aspects such as due diligence, credit
                    rating, credit management, collateral management, follow-up management and asset
                    classification, and strengthened the management of the same customer as well as the
                    concentration control of industry, region and specific products.

                    Credit risks in the Company’s securities financing business primarily include risks from
                    customers’ failure to repay debts in full in a timely manner due to insufficient repayment
                    ability of counterparties, decline in value or insufficient liquidity of collateral provided
                    by counterparties, involvement in legal disputes of collateral assets and other reasons,
                    and credit risks arising from fraudulent credit data, violation of contracts and regulatory
                    requirements in transaction actions and other reasons. Control of credit risk from
                    securities financing business is realized primarily through risk education for customers,
                    credit investigation and creditability verification on customers, credit management, risk
                    assessment on collateralized (pledged) securities, reasonable setting of limit indicators,
                    marking to market, customer risk warnings, forced position liquidation, legal recourse
                    and other methods. In addition, for the financing of defaulting customers, customers with
                    insufficient guaranteed securities and normal customers, the Company will make provisions
                    for impairment by complying with the requirements of accounting standards, and actively
                    recover debts from defaulting customers.

                    Credit risks related to bond investments primarily include risks such as defaults from bond
                    financing instrument issuers or decline in the creditworthiness of issuers, and defaults of
                    counterparty to bond trade. The Company conducts necessary due diligence for issuers
                    and counterparties, establishes an internal rating system for implementing internal rating on
                    issuers, debts and counterparties, and executes access control and limit management based
                    on internal and external rating, so as to control credit risk of bond investment by periodic
                    and non-periodic risk screening, post-investment tracking and other methods. In order to
                    control credit risks relating to over-the-counter derivative transactions, the Company has set
                    counterparty ratings and credit systems, and controlled the counterparty’s trading limits and
                    credit risk exposures before transactions can take place. The Company conducts a daily
                    check and measurement on the credit risk exposures of counterparties. The Company has
                    adopted mark-to-market practices to monitor the contracts of derivative transactions and for
                    valuation of collateral, and established the forced position liquidation system to control the
                    credit risk exposures of its customers within the credit limits.




82 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     In order to control the settlement risk arising from the brokerage and the custodian
     business, securities brokerage transactions in Chinese Mainland are all settled on a fully
     pledged basis, which enables settlement risks associated with brokerage business to be well
     under control. The Company strictly complies with relevant trading and settlement rules and
     procedures to eliminate non-compliant financing operations for clients and implement the
     classification management for repurchase financing clients at the same time, and prevents
     its clients from overdraft or negative balance through conducting due diligence for clients
     and establishing reasonable trading limits with customers, implementing the internal discount
     rate standard of equivalent securities, standardizing emergency response procedures and
     other measures. For option trading clients, the Company controls the credit risk of clients by
     implementing margin management, position limit system, forced position liquidation system
     and other measures.

     Furthermore, the Risk Management Department monitors credit risk and issues a risk
     alert, including tracking the changes in credit qualification of counterparties and bond
     issuers and giving a risk alert, monitoring coverage of collateral for securities financing
     business, requiring the business department to effectively fulfill its duty of post-investment
     management, as well as measuring and assessing the credit risk of major business lines
     through stress tests, sensitivity analysis and other methods.

3.   Liquidity Risk Management

     Liquidity risks refer to the risks that the Company is unable to acquire sufficient funds in a
     timely manner at a reasonable cost to repay due debts, fulfill other payment obligations and
     meet the funding needs during normal course of business.

     The Company has established the hierarchical decision-making and authority mechanism,
     along with centralized management by specialized departments and hierarchical control
     mechanism, and has clearly defined the duties and authorities of the Board of Directors,
     executive management, Treasury Department and business departments in terms of
     liquidity risk management. The Company implements management on liquidity risk limits
     and establishes a liquidity risk limit indicator system covering three levels of the Company,
     business lines and products, as well as parent company and subsidiaries. The Company
     establishes a daily position analysis and monthly liquidity analyses mechanism to manage
     liquidity movements in a timely manner, and evaluates the impact of asset and liability
     allocation and adjustment on liquidity risk on a regular or irregular basis. The Company
     has established a securities centralized management system in securities investment and
     securities financing business, and bond credit rating standards for fixed income securities
     investments, in order to effectively control the market liquidity risk of its securities. The
     Company has also established a liquidity reserve asset management system to cope with
     potential capital needs by holding sufficient high-quality liquidity assets that can be realized
     at any time; implemented internal funds transfer pricing (FTP) system to guide the rational
     allocation of assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company has continuously optimized its
     daily liquidity risk management and control mechanism by implementing stress tests and
     emergency drill programs, improving liquidity emergency plans and other methods.




                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               83
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    During the Reporting Period, the Company, based on its development strategy and market
                    environment, rationally planned the scale of assets and liabilities, maintained a reasonable
                    debt maturity structure, maintained adequate liquidity reserve, and improved the mechanism
                    for providing liquidity support to overseas subsidiaries. The liquidity coverage ratio and the
                    net stable funding ratio were within the compliant and stable range, and the liquidity risk
                    was measurable and controllable.

               4.   Market Risk Management

                    Market risks refer to the risks of losses in the Company’s on-and-off balance sheet business
                    due to adverse changes in the market price (interest rate, exchange rate, securities price
                    and commodity price).

                    The Company’s investment portfolio primarily comprises equity securities, fixed income
                    securities and their derivatives business, so the Company is mainly exposed to stock price
                    risk and interest rate risk. For market risks, the Company has established an integrated
                    market risk management structure, implemented stage-by-stage authorization, clarified
                    the duties and authorities of the Board of Directors, executive management and business
                    department in market risk control, built risk management processes that enable coverage
                    of activities before, during and after making investments, and fully implemented the risk
                    limit management. The Company annually reviews and approves risk limits for the entire
                    Company as well as each proprietary business line, including exposure limits, stop-loss
                    limits, value-at-risk limits, limits of sensitive indicators and stress testing limits, with the Risk
                    Management Department monitoring and supervising their implementation. The Company
                    has established various financial instruments valuation methods, and valuation model
                    verification and evaluation mechanisms, established daily mark-to-market practices, and
                    implemented stop-loss procedures which are commensurate with its trading strategies. On
                    a regular basis, the Company assesses the risk tolerance level of its proprietary business
                    lines, the effectiveness of risk control and income level after risk adjustment, and includes
                    the assessment results in the performance evaluation of these business lines. The Company
                    makes ongoing efforts to improve its proprietary business management system, steadily
                    realizing front-end controls over relevant limit indicators.

                    The Company adopts value at risk (VaR) as a tool to measure the market risk of the
                    investment portfolio of the Company comprising securities and its derivatives. VaR is a
                    method used to estimate the maximum possible loss on the portfolio due to movements in
                    interest rates or market prices such as stock price over a designated period and within a
                    given confidence interval. As this method mainly relies on relevant information of historical
                    data, it has certain limitations. To complement, the Company also implements daily and
                    specific stress tests to assess the impact of extreme adverse changes of risk factors on
                    the risk control indicators such as net capital of the Company, profit or loss of proprietary
                    portfolio and other aspects, and proposes relevant recommendations and measures and
                    prepares emergency plans in accordance with the assessment results.




84 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The Company uses sensitivity analysis as a primary instrument to monitor the interest rate
     risk. Sensitivity analysis is used to measure the impact on the total income and shareholders’
     equity interests arising from fair value changes of various financial instruments held at the
     end of the period when there are reasonable and possible changes in interest rates, on
     the assumptions that other variables remain constant, overall market interest rates shift in
     a parallel manner, and risk management activities which may be taken by the Company to
     reduce interest rate risks are not taken into consideration.

     With regard to foreign currency assets and assets of overseas subsidiaries, the Company
     established a foreign exchange risk management mechanism and managed its foreign
     exchange risk by, among others, limiting the size of assets and liabilities denominated in
     foreign currencies and general position management on foreign exchange settlement and
     sale, assigning stop-loss limits for proprietary investment and risk exposure limits for the
     Company, and making use of risk hedging instruments for foreign exchange derivatives. The
     majority of the Company’s income-generating business activities under the current structure
     are conducted in RMB, while the assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
     were primarily held by China Securities International, an overseas subsidiary. The Company
     was of the view that the foreign exchange rate risk did not have a significant impact on the
     Company’s current operations as a whole.

     With regard to other investments such as gold, commodity and its derivatives trading, the
     Company assumes other price risks arising from the decrease in fair value of the Company’s
     investment portfolio due to fluctuations in market prices other than stock prices, interest
     rates, and foreign exchange rates. During the Reporting Period, the Company primarily
     focused on providing liquidity services, arbitrage strategies and hedging transactions in this
     type of business, with small risk exposures. Accordingly, other price risks do not have a
     significant impact on the Company’s current operations.

5.   Operational Risk Management

     Operational risks refer to the risks of losses caused by incomplete or defective internal
     procedures, employees and IT systems and external events.

     Concerning the potential operational risks in each business and management activity of the
     Company, the Company has carried out mutual segregation for different businesses, and
     established three lines of defense for each business line – a mechanism for segregated
     checks and balances with a front office, a middle office and a back office; put in place
     sound license management and accountability system, as well as the management system,
     procedures and risk control measures for each business; transferred and mitigated
     operational risks by way of personnel or operation outsourcing and purchase of insurance
     where necessary within the scope of authority of the Company; improved the mechanisms
     for information exchange, major events reporting and information feedback.




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              85
    SECTION 3         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    The Risk Management Department monitors and assesses the operational risks of the
                    brokerage business and other businesses, and conducts regular risk control evaluation;
                    examines the key risk points of various business and management lines, and establishes and
                    implements key control measures in practical business procedures; develops and improves
                    the internal control matrix; organizes business departments for conducting self-evaluation of
                    risk and control to identify new material risks and take corresponding risk control measures;
                    and performs statistical analysis on various types of operational risk events at least once on
                    an annual basis to calculate the frequency of their occurrence and the level of losses, as
                    well as to assess the changing trend and distribution of risks. During the Reporting Period,
                    the Company continued to carry out various risk warnings and risk education, held trainings
                    on risk management topics, regulated business internal control matrix requirements for the
                    same business, strengthened business continuity management, and actively responded to
                    various emergencies and maintained stable business operation.

               6.   Information Technology Risk Management

                    Information technology risks refer to the operational, legal and reputational risks incurred
                    from natural factors, human factors, technical defects and management flaws in the course
                    of application of the information technology by the Company.

                    The IT Department of the Company is responsible for the management of planning,
                    establishment, and operation and maintenance of the information technology system. The
                    Company carries out centralized management and backup of the data in transaction system;
                    implements mutual separation among the positions in charge of development, testing, and
                    operation and maintenance of information technology system, as well as mutual separation
                    among the positions in charge of operating data management and application system,
                    and implements strict control of access authority and track records; controls the choice
                    of relevant software, hardware and external suppliers in information technology system;
                    enhances external system management; performs real-time and automatic monitoring
                    of the connection of important communication network and operation of the significant
                    business system. The Data Management Department of the Company takes the lead in the
                    development of the data governance system, promotes the implementation of data-related
                    rules and standards, coordinates data management efforts, and improves the Company’s
                    data quality and the application effectiveness of information technology. Regarding the
                    risks associated with artificial intelligence services and models, the Company continues to
                    conduct safety assessments, including the legality of training data, the compliance of model
                    architecture design, and the effectiveness of content filtering mechanisms. The Company
                    also diligently fulfills procedures related to algorithm filing, modifications, and deregistration.
                    In addition, the emergency management for business continuity of the Company is
                    organized by the Risk Management Department, with the technical support provided by
                    the IT Department and the involvement from all relevant business departments. During the
                    Reporting Period, the Company continued to attach great importance to the safe and stable
                    operation of its information systems, and there were no major information system network
                    security incidents and material data security incidents.




86 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


7.   Legal Risk and Compliance Risk Management

     Legal risks refer to the risk arising from failure to perform contracts due to invalidity within
     the law, or improper entering into of the contracts and other reasons; compliance risks refer
     to the risk that the Company may be exposed to legal sanction or regulatory punishment,
     major financial loss or reputation loss as a result of its non-compliance with the laws and
     regulations, regulatory rules, self-regulatory rules as well as code of conduct applicable to
     the Company’s own business activities.

     The Legal and Compliance Department uniformly manages legal affairs of the Company
     and controls legal risks. The Legal and Compliance Department leads to review all
     agreements and contracts of the Company, provides legal opinions on major business
     matters of the Company, and uniformly manages and guides to handle litigations and
     arbitrations. Meanwhile, as a department responsible for compliance management, the
     Legal and Compliance Department is under the leadership of the Chief Compliance
     Officer to independently carry out the compliance management of the Company. The
     main compliance management responsibilities of the Legal and Compliance Department
     are: tracking, analyzing and publicizing laws and regulatory rules currently in effect; timely
     identifying, evaluating and managing compliance risk in business operation and business
     innovation of the Company through methods such as compliance consultation, compliance
     review, compliance inspection and compliance supervision. Specific or part-time compliance
     management officers are engaged by the Company in all functional departments, business
     lines and branches, and are responsible for daily compliance management in their own
     departments. The compliance management of the Company has permeated all aspects,
     such as decision-making, implementation, supervision and feedback, and has been
     included in the whole process of the operation management of the Company. The Company
     proactively cultivates a culture of compliance and improves the self-restraint mechanisms in
     order to ensure compliant operations and standardized development.

8.   Reputation Risk Management

     Reputation risks refer to the risks of negative comments to the Company from stakeholders
     as a result of operations, management and other activities of the Company or external
     events. The Company has established a reputational risk management mechanism to clarify
     the framework, division of responsibilities and management requirements of the reputational
     risk management. The Company follows the management principle of prevention first,
     attaches great importance to the relationship management of stakeholders such as
     customers and investors, and formulates relevant complaint handling mechanisms and
     measures. The Company standardizes the information release process and establishes a
     spokesperson system. The Company implements public opinion monitoring and hierarchical
     management to timely detect, and actively and prudently respond to various reputational
     risk incidents. During the Reporting Period, the Company set up the Brand Management
     Department under its executive office to strengthen the daily management and control
     of reputational risk; the Company made efforts to discover, identify, alert and dispose of
     reputational risks at an early stage, effectively responded to public opinion, did not have any
     major reputational risk incidents and maintained a normal and good operating environment.




                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               87
    SECTION 3            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          (V)   Business Innovation

                During the Reporting Period, the Company launched a southbound leg of the Bond Connect
                program to further expand the scope of investment targets for the Company’s proprietary business
                and customers to improve the Company’s allocation capability in the global bonds market; a
                number of new futures and options market-making varieties were added, thereby more fully
                performing the function of providing liquidity for the market.

                During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve the management mechanism for
                new businesses and new products, optimize the approval process and intensify the preparation for
                the launch of new businesses. The Company attached great importance to the risk management
                of business innovation, incorporated new businesses and new products into the comprehensive
                risk management framework, and established a risk management system for new businesses and
                new products. Through prior assessment and approval, ongoing management during incidents
                and retrospective follow-up after incidents, the Company ensured that new risks were measurable,
                controllable and bearable, and the business innovation developed steadily.

    X.    ACCOUNT SPECIFICATIONS

          In 2025, the Company continued to strengthen full life-cycle management of accounts, strictly
          implementing the regulatory requirements of the China Securities Regulatory Commission and China
          Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, and steadily advancing the daily operation of
          accounts. The Company strictly controlled account opening standards and resolutely eliminated the
          addition of non-compliant accounts. With respect to account compliance and daily account management,
          the Company established a dedicated incident control mechanism for dormant accounts, non-compliant
          accounts, judicially frozen accounts and accounts involved in historical risk disposal, continuously
          strengthening full-process daily account control. The Company strictly implemented real-name
          management requirements and enhanced the verification of investors’ identity information through multi-
          dimensional means including facial recognition, identity card reader verification, public security network
          verification and comparison with telecom operator mobile phone numbers, and continuously improved the
          long-term management mechanism for account compliance. With respect to the account management
          system, focusing on the construction of the Company’s comprehensive account management system,
          the Company continued to enhance its operational service capabilities; optimized the Company’s
          unified management platform for customer accounts and basic information and the unified employee
          work platform, and deepened same-customer identification and company-level centralized operation
          management; and simultaneously upgraded the image management system to provide system support for
          the long-term compliant operation of accounts. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total number
          of capital accounts under the Company’s wealth management business was 17,698,782. Among these,
          963 were non-compliant capital accounts, accounting for less than 0.01%, and 479 were judicially frozen
          capital accounts, accounting for less than 0.01%.




88 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                        SECTION 4 REPORT OF DIRECTORS


I.     BUSINESS REVIEW

       Facing the complicated and ever-changing market environment in 2025, the Company actively took
       responsive measures and maintained steady development, ensuring the favorable development of all
       businesses. Please refer to “Section 3 Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report for the
       principal businesses, operating models and specific industry situations of the Group.

II.    MAJOR RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

       The major risks to which the Company is exposed include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk as well as
       compliance risk. For the risk management objectives and policies of the Company, please refer to the
       content of “Risk Management” of this annual report. Please refer to “Potential Risks” of this annual report
       for the major risks and uncertainties to which the Company is exposed.

III.   RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF SIGNIFICANT INFLUENCE

       Adhering to the principle of operating in accordance with laws and regulations for a long time, the
       Company complies with the national laws and regulations, normative documents and various regulatory
       requirements. In order to control operational risks, the Company established a sound corporate system
       by setting up a basic system at the company level, under which each business line, department and
       branch shall establish a highly operable management system, operational process and standardized
       regulations. The system of the Company covers all its businesses and processes. In 2025, the Company
       formulated and amended over 230 internal management systems to enhance internal control level
       according to regulatory requirements and the needs for business management of the Company; the Legal
       and Compliance Department of the Company is the department for the management of the systems of
       the Company and shall be responsible for reviewing and approving the systems of the Company, and
       requiring the business and management departments of the Company to implement the requirements
       of the regulatory authorities and self-regulatory organizations in the business systems of the Company
       in a timely manner, so as to ensure that each internal system of the Company complies with the laws
       and regulations, normative documents and regulatory requirements, and guarantee the coordination and
       uniformity among the systems of the Company.

IV.    PROFIT DISTRIBUTION AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND

       Formulation, Implementation or Adjustment of Cash Dividend Policy

       The Articles of Association has set out the basic principles of the profit distribution policy and specific
       policy and provided that “the Company shall give priority to the distribution of dividends in cash”, and
       “provided that the Company does not have material investment plans, major cash expenses, etc. and that
       the capital needs for normal operation of the Company are met, the profits distributed by the Company in
       cash shall not be less than 10% of the distributable profits of the same year, and within any consecutive
       three years, the accumulated profit distribution in cash shall not be less than 30% of the average annual
       distributable profit for those three years”.

       The Company attaches much importance to providing reasonable returns to investors and maintaining
       the continuity and stability of the Company’s profit distribution policy, while taking into account the
       Company’s long-term interests, the overall interests of all Shareholders and the Company’s sustainable
       development. Development and execution of profit distribution policy of the Company, in particular
       cash dividend policy, are in strict compliance with relevant provisions of the Articles of Association and
       procedures of consideration, with clear standards and proportion of dividends and well-established
       decision-making procedures and mechanism.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             89
    SECTION 4            REPORT OF DIRECTORS


          On June 27, 2025, 2024 final profit distribution plan of the Company was considered and approved
          at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company, i.e., cash dividends of RMB1.65 (tax inclusive)
          distributed for every 10 Shares. This plan was fully implemented by August 21, 2025. The total
          amount of cash dividends distributed for 2024 (including the interim and final distributed amount) was
          RMB1,977,957,173.24 (tax inclusive), representing 32.13% of net profit (excluding interest on perpetual
          subordinated bonds) attributable to equity holders of the Company in the consolidated statements for
          2024.

          On November 21, 2025, the Company’s 2025 Fourth Extraordinary General Meeting considered and
          approved the 2025 interim profit distribution plan, i.e., cash dividends of RMB1.65 (tax inclusive) for every
          10 shares, amounting to RMB1,279,854,641.51 (tax inclusive) in total based on 7,756,694,797 shares,
          and the plan was completed.

          2025 Profit Distribution Budget

          Based on an overall consideration of the long-term development of the Company and the interests of
          Shareholders, the 2025 final profit distribution plan is as follows:

          The Company proposes to distribute in the form of cash dividends, on the basis of 7,756,694,797
          Shares in the total share capital as at December 31, 2025, RMB1.75 (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares
          to all the Shareholders, amounting to RMB1,357,421,589.47 (tax inclusive) in aggregate. The total cash
          dividends distributed by the Company for the year (including the interim distributed cash dividends)
          is RMB2,637,276,230.98, representing 31.24% of the net profit (excluding interest on perpetual
          subordinated bonds) attributable to equity holders of the Company in the consolidated statements for
          2025. Cash dividends are denominated and declared in RMB and payable in RMB to the A Shareholders
          and in Hong Kong dollars to the H Shareholders. The actual amount declared in Hong Kong dollars will be
          calculated based on the average of the intermediate exchange rate for conversion of Hong Kong dollars to
          RMB as announced by the People’s Bank of China one calendar week prior to the date of convening the
          2025 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

          After the budget is considered and approved at the General Meeting, the Company will distribute cash
          dividends within two months after the date of convening the General Meeting. The dividend is expected
          to be paid by the Company around Thursday, August 20, 2026. The Company will make further
          announcements on equity registration date, specific date of distribution and other matters in relation to
          this dividend distribution.

    V.    TAX RELIEF

          Tax Relief of A Shareholders

          Pursuant to Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Differential Individual Income Tax Policies on Dividends
          and Bonuses of Listed Companies (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (      《關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅
          政策有關問題的通知》             (財稅[2015]101號)) and Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning the Implementation
          of Differential Individual Income Tax Policies on Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Companies (Cai Shui
          [2012] No. 85) (《關於實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》(財稅[2012]85 號))
          issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and CSRC, for the dividends and
          bonuses derived by individual investors from listed companies, from the date when individual investors
          obtain the Company’s shares to the equity registration date, if the term of shareholding exceeds one
          year, individual income tax will be temporarily exempted; if the term of shareholding does not exceed one
          year (including one year), the listed company will not withhold individual income tax temporarily, and will
          make corresponding adjustments in accordance with the above notification requirements when individual
          investors transfer shares.

          For shareholders of resident enterprises, the income tax for dividends and bonuses are calculated and
          paid by themselves in accordance with regulations.




90 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                           SECTION 4              REPORT OF DIRECTORS


 For qualified foreign institutional investors (QFII), pursuant to the provisions of Notice on Relevant Issues
 Concerning the Payment of Dividends, Bonuses and Interests and Withholding the Enterprise Income Tax
 by Chinese Resident Enterprises to Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47)
(《關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知》( 國稅函[2009]47
 號)) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, the listed company withholds enterprise income tax
 at a tax rate of 10%. If the income from dividends and bonuses derived by QFII shareholders is eligible
 for the treatments in the tax treaties (arrangements), they may apply for tax refunds to the competent tax
 authorities after deriving the dividends and bonuses in accordance with the regulations.

Pursuant to the provisions of Notice on Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an
Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shanghai and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui
[2014] No. 81) (   《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》                                  (財稅[2014]81號)) issued
by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and CSRC, for the income from dividends
and bonuses derived by investors (including enterprises and individuals) in Hong Kong market by investing
A shares listed on the SSE, before fulfilling the condition for providing detailed data such as identities
of investors and period of shareholding to CSDC by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited,
differential taxation collection policies are not implemented temporarily in accordance with the period of
shareholding. Instead, the listed company withholds income tax at a tax rate of 10%, and handles the
withholding declaration with its competent tax authorities. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents
of other countries and whose country of domicile is a country which has entered into a tax treaty with
China stipulating an income tax rate for dividends and bonuses of lower than 10%, those enterprises
and individuals may, on their own or by entrusting a withholding agent, apply to the competent tax
authorities of the listed company for the entitlement of the rate under such tax treaty. Upon approval
by the competent tax authorities, the paid amount in excess of the tax payable by such enterprises and
individuals based on the tax rate according to such tax treaty shall be refunded.

Tax Relief of H Shareholders

Pursuant to the provisions of Notice on Issues Concerning Individual Income Tax Collection and
Management after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (               《關於
國稅發 [1993]045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》( 國稅函 [2011]348 號 )) issued by the
State Administration of Taxation, the income from dividends and bonuses derived by overseas resident
individual shareholders from the shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong
Kong is subject to the individual income tax withheld by the withholding agents in accordance with
laws according to the items of “interests, dividends and bonuses income”. Overseas resident individual
shareholders who hold shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong are
entitled to relevant preferential tax treatments pursuant to the provisions in the tax treaties signed between
the countries where they are residents and China, and the tax arrangements between the Chinese
Mainland and Hong Kong (Macau). The applicable tax rate in treaties in relation to dividends and bonuses
derived by individuals as required by the relevant tax treaties and tax arrangements is generally 10%, and
for the purpose of simplifying tax collection and management, domestic non-foreign invested enterprises
issuing shares in Hong Kong may, when distributing dividends and bonuses, generally withhold individual
income tax at the tax rate of 10%, and are not obligated to file an application. In circumstances where
the tax rate in treaties in relation to dividends and bonuses derived by individuals is not equal to 10%, the
following provisions shall apply: (1) for citizens from countries falling under treaties subject to tax rates
lower than 10%, the withholding agents may file applications on their behalf to seek entitlement to the
preferential treatments in such treaties, and upon being reviewed and approved by the competent tax
authorities, excessive withheld tax amounts will be refunded; (2) for citizens from countries falling under
treaties subject to tax rates higher than 10% but lower than 20%, the withholding agents shall withhold
individual income tax at the agreed effective tax rate upon distribution of dividends and bonuses, and are
not obligated to obtain the approval on the application; (3) for citizens from countries without tax treaties
or under other circumstances, the withholding agents shall withhold individual income tax at a tax rate of
20% upon distribution of dividends and bonuses.




                                                        Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               91
    SECTION 4            REPORT OF DIRECTORS


          Pursuant to the provisions of Circular Concerning Questions on Withholding and Payment of Enterprise
          Income Tax when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends to Overseas Non-resident Corporate
          Shareholders of H Shares (Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (   《關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東
          派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知》                       (國稅函[2008]897號)) issued by the State Administration
          of Taxation, any PRC resident enterprises distributing dividends for the years from 2008 (inclusive) to
          overseas non-resident corporate shareholders shall withhold enterprise income tax at a uniform tax rate of
          10%.

          Pursuant to the provisions of Notice on Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an
          Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shenzhen and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui
          [2016] No. 127) ( 《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》                                 (財稅[2016]127號)), the
          Announcement on the Continued Implementation of Individual Income Tax Policy for Interconnection
          Mechanism for Transactions in the Shanghai and Hong Kong as well as Shenzhen and Hong Kong
          Stock Markets and Mutual Recognition of Funds between the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong (MOF
          Announcement No. 93 in 2019) (   《關於繼續執行滬港、深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制和內地與香港基金互
          認有關個人所得稅政策的公告》                 (財政部公告2019年第93號)) and the Notice on Taxation Policies concerning
          the Pilot Program of an Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shanghai and Hong Kong
          Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (   《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》
          (財稅[2014]81號)) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and CSRC,
          for dividends and bonuses derived by Chinese Mainland individual investors from investing in H-shares
          listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-
          Hong Kong Stock Connect, H-share companies shall withhold individual income tax at a tax rate of
          20%. For income from dividends and bonuses derived by Chinese Mainland securities investment funds
          from investing in shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
          Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the individual income tax shall be calculated and paid
          in accordance with above provisions. Income from dividends and bonuses derived by Chinese Mainland
          enterprise investors from investing in shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-
          Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect shall be included in their total
          revenue, and the enterprise income tax thereon shall be calculated and paid according to laws. Among
          them, for income from dividends and bonuses derived by Chinese Mainland resident enterprises where
          the relevant H shares have been continuously held for no less than 12 months, the enterprise income tax
          thereon may be exempt according to laws.

    VI.   ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION OF THE COMPANY ON REASONS FOR AND
          IMPACT OF CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
          ESTIMATES, OR RECTIFICATION ON SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ERRORS

          The Group made a change in accounting policy related to physical settlement of contracts to buy or
          sell bulk commodities that fail the own-use exception, considering the practical guidance issued by
          the relevant regulatory authority, comparative figures in the financial statements have been adjusted
          retrospectively. Such retrospective adjustment has no impact on neither the profit before income tax, net
          profit, nor the total equity of the Company for each period.

    VII. SIGNIFICANT FINANCING

          Please refer to the section headed “Issuance and Listing of Securities” of this annual report for material
          financing of the Company during the Reporting Period.




92 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                               SECTION 4             REPORT OF DIRECTORS


VIII. REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

    During the Reporting Period, “23 Xintou F1”, “22 Xintou F1” and “22 Xintou F3” issued by the Company
    on the SSE triggered the redemption option to the investors of the issuer, the details of which are as
    follows:

    (I)     23 Xintou F1

            “23 Xintou F1” of the Company is attached with the option for the issuer to adjust the coupon
            rate, under which the Company has the option to decide whether to adjust the coupon rate for the
            subsequent interest-accruing period at the end of the second year of the duration of “23 Xintou
            F1”; and attached with the redemption option to the investors, under which investors have the
            option to sell all or part of “23 Xintou F1” held by them back to the Company at the end of the
            second year of the duration of “23 Xintou F1”. On 13 December 2024, the Company announced
            that it would adjust the coupon rate of “23 Xintou F1” to 1.50% on 17 January 2025. Investors
            chose to sell all “23 Xintou F1” back to the Company during the redemption registration period,
            with a redemption amount of RMB0.5 billion. The Company did not conduct any resale of the
            repurchased “23 Xintou F1”. On 17 January 2025, the Company completed the full redemption of
            “23 Xintou F1”.

    (II)    22 Xintou F1

            “22 Xintou F1” of the Company is attached with the option for the issuer to adjust the coupon
            rate, under which the Company has the option to decide whether to adjust the coupon rate for the
            subsequent interest-accruing period at the end of the third year of the duration of “22 Xintou F1”;
            and attached with the redemption option to the investors, under which investors have the option to
            sell all or part of “22 Xintou F1” held by them back to the Company at the end of the third year of
            the duration of “22 Xintou F1”. On 28 August 2025, the Company announced that it would adjust
            the coupon rate of “22 Xintou F1” to 1.50% on 26 September 2025. Investors chose to sell all
            “22 Xintou F1” back to the Company during the redemption registration period, with a redemption
            amount of RMB1.0 billion. The Company did not conduct any resale of the repurchased “22 Xintou
            F1”. On 26 September 2025, the Company completed the full redemption of “22 Xintou F1”.

    (III)   22 Xintou F3

            “22 Xintou F3” of the Company is attached with the option for the issuer to adjust the coupon
            rate, under which the Company has the option to decide whether to adjust the coupon rate for the
            subsequent interest-accruing period at the end of the third year of the duration of “22 Xintou F3”;
            and attached with the redemption option to the investors, under which investors have the option
            to sell all or part of “22 Xintou F3” held by them back to the Company at the end of the third year
            of the duration of “22 Xintou F3”. On 12 September 2025, the Company announced that it would
            adjust the coupon rate of “22 Xintou F3” to 1.55% on 19 October 2025. Investors chose to sell all
            “22 Xintou F3” back to the Company during the redemption registration period, with a redemption
            amount of RMB1.0 billion. The Company did not conduct any resale of the repurchased “22 Xintou
            F3”. On 20 October 2025, the Company completed the full redemption of “22 Xintou F3”.

            During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed above, the Company or any of its subsidiaries did
            not repurchase, sell, or redeem securities of the Company (including treasury shares). As of the end
            of the Reporting Period, the Company or any of its subsidiaries did not hold any treasury shares.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             93
    SECTION 4            REPORT OF DIRECTORS


    IX.   BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

          The biographical details of Directors and senior management of the Company, along with details of
          changes in their positions and the reasons for such changes are set out in “Section 7 Directors, Senior
          Management and Employees” of this annual report.

    X.    SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS

          The Company has entered into service contracts with all Directors, stipulating their terms of office,
          compensation, rights and obligations, and undertakings. The terms of office of the Directors commence
          from the date of approval of the resolution on their appointment at the General Meeting or the employee
          representative meeting, and conclude at the end of the term of office of the current Board of Directors.
          Independent non-executive Directors are also subject to the requirements for the length of their term limits
          for re-election as prescribed by laws and regulations.

          In addition, the Directors did not enter into any service contract with the Company or its subsidiaries
          which could not be terminated within one year without any compensation (other than statutory
          compensation).

    XI.   PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

          The Company has purchased liability insurance for Directors and former Supervisors to cover legal
          liabilities arising from the performance of their duties, with the relevant policy being governed by Chinese
          law. The Company reviews the scope of the insurance coverage annually. There have been no claims
          against the Directors or former Supervisors during the Reporting Period.

    XII. MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

          During the Reporting Period, apart from employment contracts of employees, no management or
          administrative contracts were entered into by the Company or subsisting in the Company in respect of the
          whole or a substantial part of any business of the Company.

    XIII. REMUNERATION POLICIES

          The details of the remuneration policies of the Company’s Directors and senior management are set out in
          “Section 7 Directors, Senior Management and Employees”.

          The details of the Company’s employee remuneration policies and remunerations of employees are set
          out in “Section 7 Directors, Senior Management and Employees” and “Notes to the Consolidated Financial
          Statements” of this annual report.

    XIV. DIRECTORS ’ AND FORMER SUPERVISORS ’ INTERESTS IN MATERIAL
         CONTRACTS

          During the Reporting Period, the Company or its subsidiaries did not enter into any transaction,
          arrangement or contract of significance in which the Directors or former Supervisors of the Company or
          their respective connected entities had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly.




94 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                             SECTION 4              REPORT OF DIRECTORS


XV. DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN BUSINESSES COMPETING WITH THE COMPANY

    During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in this report, the Directors of the Company did not hold
    any interests in businesses competing with the Company.

XVI. INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED BY THE
     SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES PURSUANT TO THE
     SECURITIES AND FUTURES ORDINANCE

    Details of interests and short positions required to be disclosed by the Shareholders, Directors and chief
    executives of the Company pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance are set out in “Section 6
    Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders” of this annual report.

XVII. PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

    The Company currently has no arrangement regarding the pre-emptive rights.

XVIII. RESERVES AND RESERVES OF DISTRIBUTABLE PROFITS

    Please refer to “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and “Note 46 to the Consolidated Financial
    Statements” of this annual report for changes in the reserves and reserves of distributable profits.

XIX. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

    Please refer to “Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements” of this annual report for information
    about property, plant and equipment of the Group as of December 31, 2025.

XX. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

    As of December 31, 2025, the Group has no material contingencies that need to be disclosed.


XXI. MAJOR CLIENTS AND SUPPLIERS

    The Company has a high-quality and diversified client base (primarily consisting of leading corporations,
    institutional investors and high-net-worth individuals in various industries). The Company develops and
    maintains long-term cooperation with various types of clients and is dedicated to providing them with a
    comprehensive suite of products and services. The Company has gained the trust of numerous clients
    through the deep engagement with the clients and a thorough understanding of their businesses.

    In 2025, fee and commission income from the top five clients of the Company accounted for 3.07% of
    the operating revenue of the Company (calculated in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards for
    Business Enterprises). By virtue of the nature of our business, the Company had no major suppliers.

XXII. RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, CLIENTS, SUPPLIERS AND PERSONS WHO
      ARE MATERIALLY RELATED

    Remuneration for employees of the Company consists of fixed salary, performance-based bonuses, and
    insurance benefits. The Company continues to promote and implement staff training programs featuring
    comprehensive planning, implementation by levels and clear purposes. For details about the remuneration
    and training plans for employees of the Company, please refer to “Remuneration Policies” and “Training
    Program” in “Section 7 Directors, Senior Management and Employees” of this annual report.


                                                          Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             95
    SECTION 4                REPORT OF DIRECTORS


          For the relationship between the Company and securities brokers, please refer to “Information of
          Securities Brokers” in “Section 7 Directors, Senior Management and Employees” of this annual report. For
          the relationship between the Company and major clients and suppliers, please refer to “Major Clients and
          Suppliers” of this section.

    XXIII. SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT

          Based on the public information available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors as at the
          Latest Practicable Date before the publishing of this annual report, the Company satisfies the public float
          requirements.

          Details of the public float requirements are set forth in “Section 6 Changes in Shares and Information on
          Shareholders” of this annual report.

    XXIV. AUDITORS AND AUDIT COMMITTEE

          Please refer to “Engagement or Dismissal of Accounting Firms” in “Section 5 Significant Events” of this
          annual report for the engagement or dismissal of accounting firms.

    XXV. ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE

          The Company fully implemented the new development concept, pursued its development in accordance with the deployment
          requirements of national “dual carbon (雙碳)” strategy and the “Five Major Areas” in Finance. We provided financial support for green
          and low-carbon industries such as energy conservation and environmental protection, clean energy and ecological environment
          through conducting equity financing, debt financing, financial advisory, industrial investment and carbon finance and other
          businesses, and further promoted the development of “green finance”. The Company established an integrated green financing
          service system of “equity + bonds”, completed cumulative domestic and overseas green equity financing equivalent to nearly RMB40
          billion, and acted as a lead underwriter for 145 green bonds, with the lead underwriting amounted to RMB64.811 billion, effectively
          revitalizing the capital flow in the green industries. The Company actively practiced green investment, and continued to operate
          the “biodiversity” asset management product, the CSC China CITIC Bank Diversity No. 1 Single Asset Management Plan (中信建投
          信銀多樣性1號單一資產管理計劃), which innovatively adopted a green environmental protection index as its investment theme. In
          response to the call for green finance under the “Five Major Areas”, it enhanced its green finance service capabilities and boosted
          the green and low-carbon transformation of the economy while serving clients, with the outstanding scale of the product reaching
          RMB516 million. The Company established a carbon finance service system, and continued to conduct carbon trading in Shanghai
          and Hubei. By utilizing tools such as bilateral quotation, carbon borrowing and carbon repurchase to enhance market liquidity, it
          supported the national “dual carbon (雙碳)” goal. In 2025, the trading volume of various products in the carbon market reached
          RMB9.08 million, with a cumulative carbon quota trading volume of 239,500 tonnes.

          As a financial enterprise, the Company’s energy consumption and carbon emissions mainly stem from day-to-day business
          operations, including the use of electricity, natural gas, and gasoline for Company-owned vehicles. The water we use for daily
          operations comes from municipal water supplies, which involves no issues in water sourcing. The waste we generate mainly includes
          non-hazardous waste such as office and kitchen waste, as well as hazardous waste such as discarded electronic products.

          The Company strictly complies with the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Environmental Protection
          Law of the People’s Republic of China, and other relevant laws, regulations, and provisions. It launched the Green and Low-
          carbon Initiative themed Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction, Together We Move Forward, integrating the concept of green
          operations into all aspects of the Company’s business and office operations. This includes measures such as standardizing resource
          use management, promoting paperless office, advocating for green travel, advancing the construction of green data centres, and
          practicing green procurement, all aimed at reducing the Company’s carbon footprint and contributing to the construction of a
          beautiful China.




96 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                         SECTION 4                   REPORT OF DIRECTORS


    For details of the Company’s environmental policy and performance in 2025, please refer to the 2025 Sustainable Development &
    Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report of CSC Financial Co., Ltd., which is disclosed simultaneously with this annual
    report.

XXVI. PERFORMANCE OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES

    The Company has a deep understanding of politically oriented and people-centered financial work and actively practices the
    mission and responsibility of a state-owned financial enterprise. The Company has played to its strength of comprehensive financial
    profession in order to serve the national strategy and real economy, and has focused on the field of sustainable development. Efforts
    to comprehend and implement the essence of the “Five Major Areas” in Finance are made by the Company. It has also promoted the
    high-quality development of the economy and society and strived to create long-term, sustainable and shared value for stakeholders.

    In 2025, the Company constantly served customers well and improved investor protection. The physical investor education base
    “Jingxin Academy” recorded over 55,000 offline visits and online visits (via livestreaming) throughout the year, held multiple investor
    education activities for economic and diplomatic personnel from countries along the “Belt and Road”, and was awarded the highest
    rating of “Class A for Investor Education Work of Securities Companies” (證券公司投資者教育工作A等) by the SAC, SSE, SZSE
    and BSE for four consecutive years. The Company actively engaged in public welfare initiatives and sought to bring together social
    forces for the common good. The Company had an external public welfare expenditure of RMB12.7389 million, with a donation
    of HK$4 million to Wang Fuk Court, Tai Po, Hong Kong for the serious fire accident, specifically for fire rescue and post-disaster
    reconstruction. The Company’s Entrepreneur Office created the “Bainian Xiangshan (柏年向善)” public welfare and charity project,
    serving over 200 caring investors and closely linking wealth management with social responsibility. In addition, the Company actively
    promoted the standardized development of volunteer activities and encouraged young employees to participate in public welfare
    activities. It registered the “CSC Financial Youth Volunteer Service Team” on the “Volunteer Beijing” platform and organized more
    than 80 young employees to carry out the 2025 voluntary tree-planting activity themed “Practising Financial Responsibility and
    Supporting Green Development (踐行金融責任 助力綠色發展)” at the Changyang Farm Training Base in Fangshan District, Beijing.
    Focusing on areas such as child care, assistance for vulnerable groups, public health and environmental protection, the Company
    organized various volunteer activities, including visits and care programs for children with intellectual disabilities under the “Party
    Heart Warms People’s Hearts — Accompanying You with Care (黨心暖人心與關愛同行)” initiative, donation programs for children
    with blood disorders at the “Healing Home for Mask Angels (口罩天使中途宿舍)”, and voluntary blood donation campaigns under the
    theme “Pass on Warmth with Blood and Fulfil Our Original Aspiration through Dedication (熱血傳真情奉獻踐初心)”, promoting the
    volunteer spirit of dedication, friendship, mutual assistance and progress.

    In 2025, the Company demonstrated commitment in practicing social responsibility and received multiple ESG honors. Its MSCI ESG
    rating was upgraded to AA, maintaining its leading position in the industry.

    For details of the Company’s social responsibility performance in 2025, please refer to the 2025 Sustainable Development &
    Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report of CSC Financial Co., Ltd., which is disclosed simultaneously with this annual
    report.

XXVII. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

    The details of the corporate governance of the Company are set out in “Section 8 Corporate Governance Report” of this annual
    report.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                           97
    SECTION 4             REPORT OF DIRECTORS


    XXVIII. PENSION SCHEMES

          The Group has provided its full-time employees in Chinese Mainland and jurisdictions outside Chinese
          Mainland with relevant pension insurance plans as required by the government authorities or by local labor
          laws (including the basic pension insurance in Chinese Mainland and the Mandatory Provident Funds in
          Hong Kong), and there are no forfeited contributions for the Group under these pension insurance plans.

          The Group has also provided another defined contribution plan, i.e. corporate annuity scheme in Chinese
          Mainland, to some of its employees in Chinese Mainland. According to the requirements of the scheme,
          when an employee resigns, part of the amounts of the Company’s contributions not vested in the
          employee may be reallocated to the Company’s corporate annuity account based on the employee’s
          actual working time. Such reallocated contributions will not affect the annuity contribution level of existing
          employees. No forfeited contributions are used to reduce the current contribution levels.

    XXIX. MATERIAL SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

          As at the disclosure date of this report, save as disclosed in this report, there were no other material
          subsequent events.

    XXX. FUTURE DEVELOPMENT/PROSPECT

          Please refer to “Discussion and Analysis on Future Development of the Company” in “Section 3
          Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report for the Company’s future development and
          prospect.

                                                                                                By order of the Board
                                                                                                     LIU Cheng
                                                                                                      Chairman

          Beijing, the PRC,
          March 26, 2026




98 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                        SECTION 5 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


I.      PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

                                                                                                                                       Whether
                                                                                                                                       strictly
                                                                                                       Whether there                   performed
 Undertaking        Type of     Undertaking                                            Undertaking     is a deadline for Undertaking   in a timely
 background         undertaking party               Details of undertaking             date            performance       term          manner


 Undertakings in    Other       the Company         Undertakings that there were       June 5, 2018    Yes              long term      Yes
  relation to the                                     no false records, misleading
  A Shares                                            statements or material omissions
  initial public                                      in the prospectus
  offering
                    Other       the Company’s Undertakings that there were         June 5, 2018        Yes              long term      Yes
                                  Directors       no false records, misleading
                                  and the senior  statements or material omissions
                                  management      in the prospectus
                    Other       Joint sponsors, Undertakings that there were       June 5, 2018        Yes              long term      Yes
                                  accountants,    no false records, misleading
                                  issuer’s        statements or material omissions
                                  lawyers,        in the prospectus
                                  underwriters
                    Other       the Company’s Undertakings to take remedial        June 5, 2018        Yes              long term      Yes
                                  Directors       measures against dilution of
                                  and the senior  immediate returns
                                  management

 Undertakings       Other       the Company’s    Undertaking in relation to the        December 29, Yes                 long term      Yes
  in relation                     Directors        truthfulness, accuracy and            2020
  to the A Share                                   completeness of the contents
  refinancing                                      contained in the listing
                                                   application documents
                    Other       the Company’s Undertakings to take remedial            December 29, Yes                 long term      Yes
                                  Directors        measures against dilution of          2020
                                  and the senior   immediate returns
                                  management

 Undertakings       Other       Beijing Financial   Undertakings in relation to avoiding December 1,   Yes              long term      Yes
  in relation                     Holdings            peer competition                     2020
  to change of                    Group
  shareholder
                    Other       Beijing Financial   Undertakings on regulating and     December 1,     Yes              long term      Yes
                                  Holdings            reducing related transactions      2020
                                  Group
                    Other       Beijing Financial   Undertakings on guaranteeing the December 1,       Yes              long term      Yes
                                  Holdings            independence of listed           2020
                                  Group               companies
                    Other       Beijing Financial   Undertakings in relation to the  December 1,       Yes              long term      Yes
                                  Holdings            intention of shareholding and    2020
                                  Group               reducing shareholding




                                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                            99
     SECTION 5             SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


     II.    ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION OF THE COMPANY ON REASONS FOR AND
            IMPACT OF CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING
            ESTIMATES, OR RECTIFICATION ON SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ERRORS

            Analysis and explanation of the Board of Directors of the Company on the reasons and impact of the
            changes in accounting policies, accounting estimates or accounting methods are set out in “Section 4
            Report of Directors – VI. Analysis and Explanation of the Company on Reasons for and Impact of Changes
            in Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates, or Rectification on Significant Accounting Errors” of this
            annual report.

     III.   ENGAGEMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS

                                                                                              Unit: RMB ten thousand

                                                                                           Current appointment


             Name of the domestic accounting firm                                          KPMG Huazhen LLP
             Remuneration for the domestic accounting firm                                 152.5
             Term of audit service of the domestic accounting firm                         3 years
             Name of certified public accountants of the domestic accounting firm          GUAN Yiming and
                                                                                             WANG Guobei
             Continued term of auditing services by certified public accountants of        3 years
               the domestic accounting firm
             Name of the overseas accounting firm                                          KPMG
             Remuneration for the overseas accounting firm                                 93
             Term of audit service of the overseas accounting firm                         3 years

                                                                                              Unit: RMB ten thousand

                                                            Name                                       Remuneration


             Accounting firm for internal control audit     KPMG Huazhen LLP                                       32

            EXPLANATION OF ENGAGEMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS

            As being considered and approved at the 2024 Annual General Meeting, the Company reappointed KPMG
            Huazhen LLP and KPMG, as the external auditors of the Company for 2025, which should be responsible
            for the provision of the relevant audit and review services in accordance with the China Accounting
            Standards for Business Enterprises and the International Financial Reporting Standards, respectively.
            KPMG Huazhen LLP was reappointed as the internal control auditor of the Company for 2025.

     IV.    MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

            During the Reporting Period, the Company was not subject to any major litigation, arbitration or other
            matters with an amount exceeding RMB10 million and accounting for more than 10% of the absolute
            value of the Company’s latest audited net assets which was required to be disclosed under the SSE
            Listing Rules.




100 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                     SECTION 5              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


V.    SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS, SANCTIONS AND
      RECTIFICATIONS IMPOSED ON THE LISTED COMPANY, AND ITS DIRECTORS,
      SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO
      CONTROLLERS

      1.    On January 10, 2025, Beijing CSRC imposed an administrative supervision measure ordering
            the Company to make rectifications, pointing out that there were deficiencies in the investor
            suitability management and internal control management of the Company’s derivative business and
            brokerage business, reflecting inadequate coverage of the Company’s compliance management.

            In response to the penalty, the Company has actively implemented rectification measures by
            strengthening internal control management, intensifying suitability management, carrying out special
            training, optimizing business system and other ways, to further improve the management level and
            management standards of derivative business and brokerage business.

      2.    On September 23, 2025, Fujian Bureau of the CSRC took an administrative regulatory measure by
            issuing a warning letter against the Company. The letter specifies that the Company, as the lead
            sponsor of Sunshine Zhongke (Fujian) Energy Co., Ltd. (陽光中科(福建)能源股份有限公司) (the
            “Sunshine Zhongke”), have failed to fulfill our responsibilities diligently for not urging the Sunshine
            Zhongke to perform disclosure obligation.

            In response to such penalty, the Company has proactively implemented corrective measures by
            enhancing specialized training, refining business requirements and constantly strengthening the
            continuous supervision work for NEEQ-listed companies. The Company will ceaselessly monitor
            significant changes in the operations, corporate governance, and financial status of its supervised
            listed companies, diligently guide and urge them to comply with information disclosure obligations,
            thereby fulfilling its continuous supervision duties with due diligence.

VI.   RELATED PARTY/CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

      The Company conducts related party/connected transactions in strict compliance with the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules and “Policy on Management of Related Party Transactions of
      the Company” (公司關聯交易管理制度). The Company’s related party/connected transactions were
      conducted based on the principles of fairness, openness and impartiality, and the related party/connected
      transaction agreements were entered into based on the principles of equality, voluntariness, equivalent
      and compensation.

      During the Reporting Period, the Company was in compliance with the requirements of connected
      transactions in Chapter 14A under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, the
      Company did not have connected transaction which would be required to be disclosed under such rules.
      For details regarding connected transactions disclosed in accordance with the Shanghai Stock Exchange
      Listing Rules, please refer to the “Major Connected Transactions “under “Section 5 Significant Events “in
      the 2025 Annual Report of CSC Financial Co., Ltd. disclosed by the Company on the same date as this
      annual report on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Details on related party transactions under the relevant
      accounting standards were set forth in Note 51 to the Consolidated Financial Statements as appended.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               101
     SECTION 5            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


     VII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND EXECUTION

           During the Reporting Period, the guarantees disclosed by the Company in accordance with the
           requirements of the SSE Listing Rules are as follows:

                                                                                        Unit: RMB’00 million

            External guarantees provided by the Company (excluding guarantees provided to subsidiaries)
            Total amount of guarantees provided during the                                               0
              Reporting Period (excluding guarantees
              provided to subsidiaries)
            Total balance of guarantees as at the end of                                                 0
              the Reporting Period (A) (excluding guarantees
              provided to subsidiaries)
                        Guarantees provided by the Company and its subsidiaries to subsidiaries
            Total amount of guarantees provided to                                                  335.41
              subsidiaries during the Reporting Period
            Total balance of guarantees provided to                                                 438.75
              subsidiaries as at the end of the
              Reporting Period (B)
             Total amount of guarantees of the Company (including guarantees provided to subsidiaries)
            Total amount of guarantees (A+B)                                                        438.75
            Percentage of total amount of guarantees to net                                          36.84
              assets attributable to owners of the parent (%)
            Of which:
            Amount of guarantees provided to shareholders,                                               0
             actual controllers and their related parties (C)
            Amount of debt guarantees provided directly or                                          305.28
             indirectly to guaranteed parties with an asset-
             liability ratio of over 70% (D)
            Portion of total amount of guarantees exceeding                                              0
              50% of net assets (E)
            Total amount of the above three guarantee                                               305.28
              items (C+D+E)
            Explanation on potential joint and several                                                   –
              repayment liability for outstanding guarantees




102 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                SECTION 5              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


 Explanation on guarantees

 (1)   Guarantees of the Company

       During the Reporting Period, the Company provided guarantees for the note issuance
       programmes of CSCIF Hong Kong Limited and CSCIF Asia Limited, the wholly-owned subsidiaries
       of China Securities International, all of which were provided to satisfy the course of ordinary
       business development needs of the above wholly-owned subsidiaries. As of the end of the
       Reporting Period, the balance of the above guarantees amounted to approximately RMB9.125
       billion.

       The aforementioned amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly to guaranteed
       parties with an asset-liability ratio of over 70% amounted to approximately RMB9.125 billion, all
       of which were guarantees provided by the Company to the consolidated subsidiaries of China
       Securities International to satisfy their daily business development needs.

 (2)   Guarantees of controlling subsidiaries

       During the Reporting Period, among the controlling subsidiaries of the Company, China
       Securities International had guarantee matters, and the relevant guarantees were all provided by
       China Securities International to its consolidated subsidiaries to satisfy their course of ordinary
       business development needs, which mainly included guarantees for note issuance programmes,
       guarantees for bank credit facilities, etc. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the
       above guarantees amounted to approximately RMB34.75 billion. Among which, the guarantees
       provided by China Securities International for the International Swaps and Derivatives Association
       (ISDA) Master Agreement and Global Master Repurchase Agreement (GMRA) entered into
       by its consolidated subsidiaries were made in accordance with the common practices of the
       international banking industry and capital markets and in line with Hong Kong industry practices,
       enabling other financial institutions trading with China Securities International and its subsidiaries
       to support a higher limit on market trading volume, and ensuring that the normal business of
       China Securities International and its subsidiaries was not affected. As of the end of the Reporting
       Period, the balance of such guarantees amounted to approximately RMB11.245 billion.

       The aforementioned amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly to guaranteed
       parties with an asset-liability ratio of over 70% amounted to approximately RMB21.403 billion,
       all of which were guarantees provided by China Securities International to the consolidated
       subsidiaries of China Securities International to satisfy their daily business development needs.


During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed above, the Company did not have custodian, contracting,
lease or other material contracts which were required to be disclosed under the SSE Listing Rules, nor did
it have any such arrangements carried forward to the Reporting Period from the previous period.




                                                        Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              103
     SECTION 5            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


     VIII. MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL

           During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have material acquisitions, disposals or swaps, and asset
           reorganizations of subsidiaries, associates, joint operations or joint ventures.

     IX.   MAJOR INVESTMENTS

           During the Reporting Period, the Group did not make any major investments (including any investment
           in an investee company representing 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December, 2025).
           As of December 31, 2025, the Group had no any future plans for material investments or acquisition of
           capital assets.

     X.    CHANGE OF SECURITIES BRANCHES

           （I） China Securities Co., Ltd.

           1.    Securities Branches

           During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the changes of registered addresses of its four
           securities branches. The details are as follows:

                                       Previous registered
            No. Name                   address                                 New registered address


            1    Guangxi Branch        No. 07, Building 1, No. 1 Lingshijun,   Unit 05 & 06-01, 22/F, East Office
                                        No. 10 Zhongwen Road, Qingxiu            Tower, China Resources Tower,
                                        District, Nanning City                   136-1 Minzu Ave, Nanning Qingxiu
                                                                                 District, Nanning City
            2    Tianjin Branch        No. 389, Jiefang South Road, Hexi       5-1-201, Tianhui Centre, Intersection
                                        District, Tianjin                        of Nanshi Street and Fu’an
                                                                                 Street, Nanshi Subdistrict, Heping
                                                                                 District, Tianjin
            3    Beijing Hongyi        Room 920, Unit 05, 9/F, Block B,        801 and 802, 8/F, Inside 101, -5/
                   Branch                No. 2 Chaoyangmen Inner St,             F to 45/F, Building 1, Courtyard
                                         Dongcheng District, Beijing             No. 16, Jinghui Street, Chaoyang
                                                                                 District, Beijing
            4    Henan Branch          2/F, Zhonghua Mansion, 3 Shangwu        No. 802, 803, 804, 8/F, Building 1,
                                         Outer Ring Road, Zhengzhou              88 Jinshui East Road, Zhengzhou
                                         District (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot       District (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot
                                         Free Trade Zone                         Free Trade Zone




104 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                             SECTION 5             SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


2.     Securities Business Departments

（1）    During the Reporting Period, the Company changed the names of its 17 securities business
       departments. The details are as follows:

 No.    Original name                                   New name


 1      Jinbo Road Securities Business Department      Tianyuan Zhonglu Securities Business
          (Jiangning, Nanjing)                           Department (Nanjing)
 2      Wenqing Road Securities Business Department Dengfeng Avenue Securities Business
          (Ganzhou)                                      Department (Ganzhou)
 3      Nanjing Road Securities Business Department    Gold Street Securities Business Department
          (Tianjin)                                      (Tianjin)
 4      Jiangbeizui Securities Business Department     Zhongshan 3rd Road Securities Business
          (Chongqing)                                    Department (Chongqing)
 5      Shennan Central Road (Zhonghe Building)        CITIC International Building Securities Business
          Securities Business Department (Shenzhen)      Department (Shenzhen)
 6      Gongnong North Road Securities Business        Qingnian Zhonglu Securities Business
          Department (Nantong)                           Department (Nantong)
 7      Shuanglong Road Securities Business            Qijiang Securities Business Department
          Department (Qijiang District, Chongqing)       (Chongqing)
 8      Shangwu West 7th Street Securities Business    Jinshui East Road Securities Business
          Department (Zhengzhou)                         Department (Zhengzhou)
 9      Wuhang Road Securities Business Department Chaoyang Zhonglu Securities Business
          (Changle District)                             Department (Changle District, Fuzhou)
 10     Zhongshan North Road Securities Business       Fuxing Road Securities Business Department
          Department (Guilin)                            (Guilin)
 11     Yuliang Avenue Securities Business Department Shuishang East Road Securities Business
           (Tianjin)                                     Department (Tianjin)
 12     Daliang Securities Business Department (Shunde Dongle Road Securities Business Department
           District, Foshan)                             (Shunde District, Foshan)
 13     Hualing Road Securities Business Department    Hualing Road Securities Business Department
           (Shanghai)                                    (Baoshan District, Shanghai)
 14     Xujiahui Road Securities Business Department   Xujiahui Road Securities Business Department
           (Shanghai)                                    (Huangpu District, Shanghai)
 15     Wulian Road Securities Business Department     Wulian Road Securities Business Department
           (Shanghai)                                    (Pudong New Area, Shanghai)
 16     Kongjiang Road Securities Business Department Kongjiang Road Securities Business Department
           (Shanghai)                                    (Yangpu District, Shanghai)
 17     Hengshan Road Securities Business Department Hongzehu East Road Securities Business
           (Suqian)                                      Department (Suqian)




                                                     Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.           105
     SECTION 5            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


          （2）     During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the changes of registered addresses of its
                  20 securities business departments. The details are as follows:

            No.    Name                  Previous registered address          New registered address


            1      Longyan Avenue         Unit 101, 1st Floor, Building F    Room 1401, No. 369 Longyan
                     Securities Business    Longyan Chamber of Commerce        Avenue Middle, Xinluo District,
                     Department             Building, No. 286 Longyan          Longyan City, Fujian Province
                     (Longyan)              Avenue, Xinluo District, Longyan
                                            City, Fujian Province, China
            2      Tianyuan Zhong Road Golden Coast Plaza, No. 1039 Jinbo Unit F2-3-1, Building 55, 21st
                     Securities Business    Road, Dongshan Subdistrict,        Century Modern International
                     Department             Jiangning District, Nanjing City   Apartment, No. 229 Tianyuan
                     (Nanjing)                                                 Zhong Road, Moling Subdistrict
                                                                               Jiangning District, Nanjing City
                                                                               (Jiangning Development Zone)
            3      Dengfeng Avenue        5th Floor, Tianyu Plaza No. 12     18#-44# & 104#-115#, 4th Floor
                     Securities Business    Wenqing Road, Zhanggong            Hotel No. 1, Da Vinci City Center,
                     Department             District, Ganzhou City, Jiangxi    No. 21 Dengfeng Avenue,
                     (Ganzhou)              Province                           Zhanggong District, Ganzhou City,
                                                                               Jiangxi Province
            4      Gold Street            Units A-E, Ground Floor, Building  5-1-202 Tianhui Centre Intersection
                     Securities Business    A, World Trade Plaza, No. 129      of Nanshi Street and Fu’an
                     Department (Tianjin)   Nanjing Road, Wudadao Street       Street, Nanshi Subdistrict, Heping
                                            Heping District, Tianjin           District, Tianjin
            5      Zhongshan 3rd Road No. 58-1 Dongshengmen Road,            Rooms 611 & 613, 6/F, No. 131
                     Securities Business    Jiangbei District, Chongqing       Zhongshan 3rd Road, Yuzhong
                     Department                                                District, Chongqing
                     (Chongqing)
            6      CITIC International    Room 618, 6/F Comprehensive        Unit 804, 8/F, Xinyun Building, No.
                     Building Securities    Building, Weipeng Garden,          2001 Shennan Middle Road,
                     Business               Zhonghe Building, Shennan Middle   Futian District, Shenzhen
                     Department             Road, Futian District, Shenzhen
                     (Shenzhen)




106 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                            SECTION 5              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


No.   Name                    Previous registered address          New registered address


7     Gaoshi Road             1st Floor, Intime Tower, Intime Plaza Room 101, Building 19, No. 91
        Securities Business     No. 91 Gaoshi Road, Yuanzhou          Gaoshi North Road, Yuanzhou
        Department              District, Yichun City, Jiangxi        District, Yichun City, Jiangxi
        (Yichun)                Province                              Province
8     Qingnian Zhonglu        Building 6 (Annex), No. 18            Room 102, Building 3, Laiyin
        Securities Business     Gongnong North Road, Nantong          Haoting, Nantong City
        Department              City
        (Nantong)
9     Dongsan Road            Room 110, Huatai Business           Unit 101, Building 1, No. 176
        Securities Business     Building, No. 176 Dongsan Road,     Dongsan Road, Development
        Department              Dongcheng District, Dongying City   Zone, Dongying City, Shandong
        (Dongying)                                                  Province
10    Wangjing Securities     Unit 20606, 5/F, Building 523       Unit 14A, 1st Floor (within 101);
        Business                Wangjing Dongyuan, Chaoyang         Units 7A & 14, 2nd Floor (within
        Department              District, Beijing                   101) Building 119, Area 1,
        (Beijing)                                                   Wangjing Dongyuan, Chaoyang
                                                                    District, Beijing
11    Qijiang Securities      No. 55 Shuanglong Road, Wenlong 2/F, Office Building No. 1 Bailong
        Business                Subdistrict, Qijiang District,      Street, Wenlong Subdistrict,
        Department              Chongqing                           Qijiang District, Chongqing
        (Chongqing)
12    Zhongshan South       Units A118, 3305 & 3306, Office        Rooms 3305 & 3306, Tower A,
        Road Securities       Building Wuhu Golden Eagle World       Office Building, Wuhu Golden
        Business              Center, Yijiang District, Wuhu City,   Eagle World Center, No. 289
        Department (Wuhu)     Anhui Province                         Zhongshan South Road,
                                                                     Zhongnan Subdistrict, Yijiang
                                                                     District, Wuhu City, Anhui Province
13    Jinshui East Road     1st Floor, Zhonghua Building,          No. 302, 3/F, Building 1, No. 88
        Securities Business   No. 3 Shangwu Waihuan Road,            Jinshui East Road, Zhengzhou
        Department            Zhengzhou District (Zhengdong),        District (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot
        (Zhengzhou City)      Henan Pilot Free Trade Zone            Free Trade Zone




                                                     Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            107
     SECTION 5           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


            No.   Name                   Previous registered address          New registered address

            14    Chaoyang Zhonglu      Shops 4-6, Postal South Podium        Unit 2F-01, 2nd Floor Liheng
                    Securities Business   Building, Guofeng Xincun, Wuhang      Building, No. 167 Hanghua Road,
                    Department            Subdistrict, Changle District         Wuhang Subdistrict, Changle
                    (Changle District,    Fuzhou City, Fujian Province          District Fuzhou City, Fujian
                    Fuzhou)                                                     Province
            15    Zhongshan 3rd Road Shop 1002 (Self-numbered: Shop           Rooms 1501 & 1502, Tower A, No.
                    Securities Business   1002-A) & Rooms 1501, 1502 &          33 Zhongshan 3rd Road, Yuexiu
                    Department            1503, Tower A No. 33 Zhongshan        District, Guangzhou
                    (Guangzhou)           3rd Road, Yuexiu District,
                                          Guangzhou
            16    Fuxing Road           Area B1, First Floor & Area A5, Fifth Commercial Office Unit 1-2, Building
                    Securities Business   Floor, Longhu Building, No. 35        1 & Commercial Office Unit 8-1,
                    Department (Guilin)   Zhongshan North Road, Diecai          Building 1, First Under Heaven
                                          District, Guilin City                 Tourism & Leisure Center, No. 13
                                                                                Fuxing Road, Qixing District Guilin
                                                                                City
            17    Shuishang East Road South Building, International           Unit 1F-32, Luneng City Shopping
                    Securities Business   Exchange Center, Tianjin              Center & Unit 1009, Luneng
                    Department (Tianjin   University of Technology, No. 26      International Center, Shuishang
                    City)                 Yuliang Avenue, Nankai District       Park East Road, Nankai District,
                                                                                Tianjin
            18    Dongle Road           No. 106, 2nd Floor; Shops 107-3,      Shop 1, Wanbang Commercial Plaza
                    Securities Business   108-1 & 108-2 Xishan Shangzhu,        & Unit 2101-1 & 2102-2, Tower
                    Department            Dongcheng Garden, No. 2               1, No. 266 Dongle Road, Fuyou
                    (Shunde District,     Dongkang 3rd Street, Zhongqu          Community, Daliang Subdistrict,
                    Foshan City)          Community, Daliang Subdistrict,       Shunde District, Foshan City,
                                          Shunde District, Foshan City,         Guangdong Province
                                          Guangdong Province
            19    Yingbin Road          Shop 1, Building D, Sunshine          Shop 214, 2nd Floor, Minmetals
                    Securities Business   Mansion Yingbin Road, Jiyang          International Plaza, No. 128
                    Department (Sanya)    District, Sanya City, Hainan          Yingbin Road, Jiyang District,
                                          Province                              Sanya City, Hainan Province
            20    Shengli East Road     No. 412-2 Shengli East Road,          Room 202 & Room 203-2, No.
                    Securities Business   Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City,     410 Shengli East Road, Didang
                    Department            Zhejiang Province                     Subdistrict, Yuecheng District,
                    (Shaoxing)                                                  Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province




108 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                         SECTION 5                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


      （3）     During the Reporting Period, the Company closed Chengshan Road securities business department
              (Pudong New Area, Shanghai), Minzhou East Road securities business department (Shaoyang City)
              and Chaoyang West Road securities business department (Huainan).

      （II） China Futures

      During the Reporting Period, China Futures completed the change of registered address for one branch.
      The details are as follows:

       No. Name                   Previous registered address                  New registered address


       1      Nanjing Branch      Units D1 & D2, 11/F, Huangpu Building, Unit GHI-1, Room 2401, 24/F, No. 1
                                    No. 2 Huangpu Road Nanjing City        Hanzhong Road, Qinhuai District,
                                                                           Nanjing City

XI.   MAJOR ADMINISTRATIVE LICENSING MATTERS

       No.     Name of Approval                             Approval Document               Approving Authority


       1       Certificate of Review and Registration       Fa Gai Ban Wai Zhai [2025] National Development and
                   of Enterprise Borrowing of Foreign         No. 63                     Reform Commission, the
                   Debts                                                                 PRC
       2       Approval for Registration of the Public      Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2025]    China Securities Regulatory
                   Issuance of Science and Technology         No. 1136                   Commission
                   Innovation Corporate Bonds to
                   Professional Investors by CSC
                   Financial Co., Ltd.
       3      Affirmative Decision on Administrative        Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi           People’s Bank of China
                Approval                                      [2025] No. 74
       4       Approval on the Qualification of             Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2025]         China Securities Regulatory
                   Qualified Foreign Investor of China        No. 1245                       Commission
                   Securities (International) Asset
                   Management Co., Ltd
       5       Approval for Registration of the Public      Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2025]         China Securities Regulatory
                   Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated         No. 1336                       Commission
                   Corporate Bonds to Professional
                   Investors by CSC Financial Co., Ltd.

      Note:   This table does not include material administrative approvals obtained by the Company as the manager of asset
              management plans.




                                                                  Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                  109
     SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
     INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


     I.    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

           During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the total number of shares and the share capital
           structure of the Company. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total share capital of the Company
           was 7,756,694,797 Shares, including 6,495,671,035 A Shares and 1,261,023,762 H Shares.

     II.   ISSUANCE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

           The issuance of securities of the Company during the Reporting Period was as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                Quantity Approved
                                                                             Issue Price                                        for Listing and   Trading
            Type of Securities                            First Issue Date   (or Interest Rate)   Issue Amount   Listing Date   Trading           Termination Date


            Ordinary Share Category

            –

            Convertible Corporate Bonds, Separately Traded Convertible Bonds

            –

            Bonds (including enterprise bonds, corporate bonds and debt financing instruments of non-financial enterprises)
            Perpetual Subordinated Bonds                  2025-01-09        2.05%             RMB2.1 billion      2025-01-16    RMB2.1 billion    –
            Corporate Bonds                               2025-03-25        1.98%             RMB1.5 billion      2025-04-01    RMB1.5 billion    2027-03-26
            Corporate Bonds                               2025-03-25        2.01%             RMB2.0 billion      2025-04-01    RMB2.0 billion    2028-03-26
            Perpetual Subordinated Bonds                  2025-04-21        2.19%             RMB1.4 billion      2025-04-28    RMB1.4 billion    –
            Technology Innovation Corporate Bonds         2025-05-12        1.69%             RMB1.0 billion      2025-05-19    RMB1.0 billion    2028-05-13
            Perpetual Subordinated Bonds                  2025-05-14        2.17%             RMB1.6 billion      2025-05-21    RMB1.6 billion    –
            Short-term Corporate Bonds                    2025-05-21        1.62%             RMB1.0 billion      2025-05-28    RMB1.0 billion    2025-06-22
            Perpetual Subordinated Bonds                  2025-07-18        2.03%             RMB3.0 billion      2025-07-24    RMB3.0 billion    –
            Short-term Corporate Bonds                    2025-07-22        1.54%             RMB1.5 billion      2025-07-29    RMB1.5 billion    2025-08-24
            Short-term Corporate Bonds                    2025-07-22        1.54%             RMB2.0 billion      2025-07-29    RMB2.0 billion    2025-09-27
            Perpetual Subordinated Bonds                  2025-08-08        2.10%             RMB1.0 billion      2025-08-14    RMB1.0 billion    –
            Corporate Bonds                               2025-09-12        2.00%             RMB3.5 billion      2025-09-19    RMB3.5 billion    2027-09-15
            Corporate Bonds                               2025-09-12        2.08%             RMB1.5 billion      2025-09-19    RMB1.5 billion    2028-09-15
            Corporate Bonds                               2025-10-17        2.03%             RMB3.3 billion      2025-10-24    RMB3.3 billion    2027-10-20
            Corporate Bonds                               2025-10-17        2.10%             RMB1.5 billion      2025-10-24    RMB1.5 billion    2028-10-20
            Perpetual Subordinated Bonds                  2025-11-19        2.25%             RMB2.2 billion      2025-11-26    RMB2.2 billion    –
            Corporate Bonds                               2025-11-21        1.91%             RMB3.0 billion      2025-11-27    RMB3.0 billion    2027-11-24
            Other Derivative Securities
            –




110 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                     SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
                                        INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


Explanation of Securities Issuance during the Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any shares or sell treasury shares. The issuance
of bonds (including enterprise bonds, corporate bonds and debt financing instruments of non-financial
enterprises) of the Company was as follows:

1.    In January 2025, the Company publicly issued “25 Xintou Y1” perpetual subordinated bonds, with a
      par value of RMB2.1 billion and every 5 interest-accruing years being a repricing cycle. At the end
      of each repricing cycle, the Company has the option to extend the term of the bonds by a repricing
      cycle (or five years) or redeem the bonds in full. The coupon rate for the first repricing cycle of the
      bonds is 2.05%. The coupon rate is reset every 5 years from the sixth interest-accruing year if the
      Company chooses to exercise the extension option.

2.    In March 2025, the Company publicly issued corporate bonds with a par value of RMB3.5 billion,
      of which the issuance scale of “25 Xintou G1” amounted to RMB1.5 billion, with a bond term of
      2 years and a coupon rate of 1.98%; the issuance scale of “25 Xintou G2” amounted to RMB2.0
      billion, with a bond term of 3 years and a coupon rate of 2.01%. The bonds were unsecured bonds
      with interest accrued per annum in the form of fixed interest rate and paid on a yearly basis.

3.    In April 2025, the Company publicly issued “25 Xintou Y2” perpetual subordinated bonds, with a
      par value of RMB1.4 billion and every 5 interest-accruing years being a repricing cycle. At the end
      of each repricing cycle, the Company has the option to extend the term of the bonds by a repricing
      cycle (or five years) or redeem the bonds in full. The coupon rate for the first repricing cycle of the
      bonds is 2.19%. The coupon rate is reset every 5 years from the sixth interest-accruing year if the
      Company chooses to exercise the extension option.

4.    In May 2025, the Company publicly issued “25 Xintou K1” technology innovation corporate bonds
      with a par value of RMB1.0 billion, a bond term of 3 years, and a coupon rate of 1.69%. The bonds
      were unsecured bonds with interest accrued per annum in the form of fixed interest rate and paid
      on a yearly basis.

5.    In May 2025, the Company publicly issued “25 Xintou Y3” perpetual subordinated bonds, with a
      par value of RMB1.6 billion and every 5 interest-accruing years being a repricing cycle. At the end
      of each repricing cycle, the Company has the option to extend the term of the bonds by a repricing
      cycle (or five years) or redeem the bonds in full. The coupon rate for the first repricing cycle of the
      bonds is 2.17%. The coupon rate is reset every 5 years from the sixth interest-accruing year if the
      Company chooses to exercise the extension option.

6.    In May 2025, the Company publicly issued “25 Xintou S1” short-term corporate bonds with a par
      value of RMB1.0 billion, a bond term of 31 days, a coupon rate of 1.62%, and the bullet repayment
      of the principal and interest. The bonds were unsecured bonds in the form of fixed interest rate.

7.    In July 2025, the Company publicly issued “25 Xintou Y4” perpetual subordinated bonds, with a
      par value of RMB3.0 billion and every 5 interest-accruing years being a repricing cycle. At the end
      of each repricing cycle, the Company has the option to extend the term of the bonds by a repricing
      cycle (or five years) or redeem the bonds in full. The coupon rate for the first repricing cycle of the
      bonds is 2.03%. The coupon rate is reset every 5 years from the sixth interest-accruing year if the
      Company chooses to exercise the extension option.




                                                       Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               111
     SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
     INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


            8.    In July 2025, the Company publicly issued short-term corporate bonds with a par value of RMB3.5
                  billion, of which the issuance scale of “25 Xintou S2” amounted to RMB1.5 billion, with a bond term
                  of 31 days, a coupon rate of 1.54%; the issuance scale of “25 Xintou S3” amounted to RMB2.0
                  billion, with a bond term of 65 days, a coupon rate of 1.54%. The bonds were unsecured bonds in
                  the form of fixed interest rate, with the bullet repayment of the principal and interest.

            9.    In August 2025, the Company publicly issued “25 Xintou Y5” perpetual subordinated bonds, with a
                  par value of RMB1.0 billion and every 5 interest-accruing years being a repricing cycle. At the end
                  of each repricing cycle, the Company has the option to extend the term of the bonds by a repricing
                  cycle (or five years) or redeem the bonds in full. The coupon rate for the first repricing cycle of the
                  bonds is 2.10%. The coupon rate is reset every 5 years from the sixth interest-accruing year if the
                  Company chooses to exercise the extension option.

            10.   In September 2025, the Company non-publicly issued corporate bonds with a par value of RMB5.0
                  billion, of which the issuance scale of “25 Xintou F1” amounted to RMB3.5 billion, with a bond term
                  of 2 years, a coupon rate of 2.00%; the issuance scale of “25 Xintou F2” amounted to RMB1.5
                  billion, with a bond term of 3 years, a coupon rate of 2.08%. The bonds were unsecured bonds
                  with interest accrued per annum in the form of fixed interest rate and paid on a yearly basis.

            11.   In October 2025, the Company non-publicly issued corporate bonds with a par value of RMB4.8
                  billion, of which the issuance scale of “25 Xintou F3” amounted to RMB3.3 billion, with a bond term
                  of 2 years, a coupon rate of 2.03%; the issuance scale of “25 Xintou F4” amounted to RMB1.5
                  billion, with a bond term of 3 years, a coupon rate of 2.10%. The bonds were unsecured bonds
                  with interest accrued per annum in the form of fixed interest rate and paid on a yearly basis.

            12.   In November 2025, the Company publicly issued “25 Xintou Y6” perpetual subordinated bonds,
                  with a par value of RMB2.2 billion and every 5 interest-accruing years being a repricing cycle. At
                  the end of each repricing cycle, the Company has the option to extend the term of the bonds by
                  a repricing cycle (or five years) or redeem the bonds in full. The coupon rate for the first repricing
                  cycle of the bonds is 2.25%. The coupon rate is reset every 5 years from the sixth interest-accruing
                  year if the Company chooses to exercise the extension option.

            13.   In November 2025, the Company non-publicly issued “25 Xintou F5” corporate bonds with a par
                  value of RMB3.0 billion, a bond term of 2 years, and a coupon rate of 1.91%. The bonds were
                  unsecured bonds with interest accrued per annum in the form of fixed interest rate and paid on a
                  yearly basis.

            For the issuance of other types of debt financing instruments, please refer to Note 41 “Short-term
            Financing Instruments Payable” and Note 43 “Bonds in Issue” to the consolidated financial statements.

     III.   PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLER

            (I)   Total number of shareholders

                  As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total number of Ordinary Share Shareholders of the
                  Company was 122,318. Among them, 122,259 were A Shareholders and 59 were H Share
                  registered Shareholders.

                  As of the end of February 2026, the total number of Ordinary Share Shareholders of the Company
                  was 138,946. Among them, 138,889 were A Shareholders and 57 were H Share registered
                  Shareholders.




112 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                                 SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
                                                                    INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


        (II)       Shareholdings of top ten shareholders as at the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                             Unit: Share

                                                                  Shareholdings of top ten shareholders
                                                Increase/                                                            Pledged, marked or frozen
                                                decrease Number of shares                      Number of shares
                                               during the held at the end of                      held subject to
                                               Reporting      the Reporting      Percentage              trading    Status of          Number        Type of
Name of shareholders                               Period             Period             (%)         moratorium     shares            of shares      shareholder


Beijing Financial Holdings Group Limited               0      2,777,389,017            35.81                   –    Nil                          –   State-owned legal person
  (北京金融控股集團有限公司) (Note 1)
Central Huijin Investment Ltd.                         0      2,386,052,459            30.76                   –    Nil                          –   State
  (中央匯金投資有限責任公司)
Other Shares held under the name                   4,300        816,041,728            10.52                   –    Unknown                      –   Overseas legal person
  of HKSCC Nominees Limited
  (香港中央結算(代理人)有限公司) (Note 2)
CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.                             0        382,849,268             4.94                   –    Pledged        189,401,000       State-owned legal person
  (中信証券股份有限公司)
CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.           351,647,000        351,647,000             4.53                   –    Nil                          –   State-owned legal person
  (中國中信金融控股有限公司) (Note 3)
Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company         -4,951,888         74,939,320             0.97                   –    Nil                          –   Overseas legal person
  Limited (香港中央結算有限公司) (Note 4)
Century Jinyuan Investment Group Limited      55,014,913         55,015,913             0.71                   –    Nil                          –   Domestic non-state-
  (世紀金源投資集團有限公司)                                                                                                                                       owned legal person
Fujian Gui’an Xintiandi Tourism                8,340,600         47,201,600             0.61                   –    Pledged         22,000,000       Domestic non-state-
  Culture Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                         owned legal person
  (福建貴安新天地旅遊文化投資有限公司)
China Construction Bank Corporation –         16,774,642         35,709,481             0.46                   –    Nil                          –   Other
   Guotai CSI All Share Securities Company
  Trading Index Securities Investment
   Open-ended Fund
  (中國建設銀行股份有限公司－
  國泰中證全指證券公司交易型
  開放式指數證券投資基金)
China Construction Bank Corporation –          9,097,500         24,875,265             0.32                   –    Nil                          –   Other
   Huabao CSI All Share Securities Company
  Trading Index Securities Investment
   Open-ended Fund
  (中國建設銀行股份有限公司－
  華寶中證全指證券公司交易型
  開放式指數證券投資基金)




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                          113
     SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
     INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Share

                                        Particulars of shareholdings of top ten holders of shares not subject to trading moratorium
                                                                             Number of tradable                      Class and number of shares
                                                                                      shares held
                                                                                    not subject to
            Name of shareholders                                              trading moratorium                    Class of shares                    Number


            Beijing Financial Holdings Group Limited                            2,684,309,017               RMB ordinary shares                   2,684,309,017
              (北京金融控股集團有限公司)
                                                                                   93,080,000                   Overseas-listed                     93,080,000
                                                                                                                 foreign shares
            Central Huijin Investment Ltd.                                      2,386,052,459               RMB ordinary shares                   2,386,052,459
              (中央匯金投資有限責任公司)
            Other Shares held under the name of HKSCC                             816,041,728                   Overseas-listed                    816,041,728
              Nominees Limited (香港中央結算(代理人)有限公司)                                                                 foreign shares
            CITIC Securities Co., Ltd. (中信証券股份有限公司)                               382,849,268               RMB ordinary shares                    382,849,268
            CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                    351,647,000                   Overseas-listed                    351,647,000
              (中國中信金融控股有限公司)                                                                                     foreign shares
            Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                          74,939,320               RMB ordinary shares                     74,939,320
              (香港中央結算有限公司)
            Century Jinyuan Investment Group Limited                               55,015,913               RMB ordinary shares                     55,015,913
              (世紀金源投資集團有限公司)
            Fujian Gui’an Xintiandi Tourism Culture Investment                     47,201,600               RMB ordinary shares                     47,201,600
              Co., Ltd. (福建貴安新天地旅遊文化投資有限公司)
            China Construction Bank                                                35,709,481               RMB ordinary shares                     35,709,481
              Corporation – Guotai CSI All Share
              Securities Company Trading Index
              Securities Investment Open-ended Fund
              (中國建設銀行股份有限公司 － 國泰中證全指證券
              公司交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)
            China Construction Bank                                                24,875,265               RMB ordinary shares                     24,875,265
              Corporation – Huabao CSI All Share
              Securities Company Trading Index
              Securities Investment Open-ended Fund
              (中國建設銀行股份有限公司 － 華寶中證全指證券
              公司交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)




114 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                  SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
                                                     INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


Note 1: “Number of shares held at the end of the Reporting Period” in the row includes 2,684,309,017 A Shares and
        93,080,000 H Shares held by Beijing Financial Holdings Group.

Note 2: HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominee holder of the H Shares held by non-registered shareholders, and the Shares
        listed in the above table are other H Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited other than Beijing Financial Holdings
        Group.

Note 3: In March 2025, Glasslake Holdings transferred all 351,647,000 H Shares of the Company it held (representing 4.53%
        of the total share capital) to CITIC Financial Holdings. Glasslake Holdings and CITIC Financial Holdings are both wholly-
        owned subsidiaries of CITIC Limited, and their de facto controller is CITIC Group Corporation.

Note 4: The Shares held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited are A Shares held by non-registered Shareholders
        under Shanghai Stock Connect.

Note 5: The identification of the nature of shareholders is mainly based on the categories of holders as registered by China
        Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, Shanghai Branch, and by comprehensive reference to other
        publicly disclosed materials.


Explanation on the connected relationship or concerted actions among the aforesaid shareholders

1.      According to 2025 Third Quarterly Report of CITIC Securities Co., Ltd., CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. holds more than 5% of the shares
        of CITIC Securities Co., Ltd., and there is a connected relationship between the two.

2.      The Company learned from the shareholders that there was a connected relationship between Century Jinyuan Investment Group Limited and
        Fujian Gui’an Xintiandi Tourism Culture Investment Co., Ltd.




                                                                          Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                  115
     SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
     INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


     IV.   INFORMATION OF CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND DE FACTO
           CONTROLLER

           As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had neither controlling shareholder nor de facto
           controller as defined in the SSE Listing Rules.

     V.    OTHER LEGAL PERSON SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING MORE THAN 10% OF THE
           SHARES

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’00 million

            Name of legal        Legal            General     Date of                                Registered   Main business or
            person shareholder   representative   manager     establishment      Organization Code      capital   management activities, etc.


            Beijing Financial    FAN Yuanning     Han Xu      October         91110000MA01F60KX1        120.00    financial holding company
              Holdings Group                                   19, 2018                                              business, and other
              Limited                                                                                                businesses as approved
              (北京金融控股集團                                                                                              in accordance with the law
              有限公司)

            Central Huijin       ZHANG Qingsong Liu Jiawang   December        911000007109329615      8,282.09    accept the authorization by the
              Investment Ltd.                                   16, 2003                                            State Council to conduct
              (中央匯金投資                                                                                               equity investment in key
              有限責任公司)                                                                                               state-owned financial
                                                                                                                    enterprises; and other
                                                                                                                    related businesses approved
                                                                                                                    by the State Council

     VI.   INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS TO BE DISCLOSED BY THE DIRECTORS
           AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES

           As of the end of the Reporting Period, no Directors or chief executives of the Company had any
           interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of
           its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance), which were
           required, pursuant to Section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, to be recorded in the register
           to be kept by the Company, or required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
           Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) under Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, to be
           notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

           As of the end of the Reporting Period, no Directors or their respective spouses or children under 18 years
           of age had been granted the rights to gain benefits by way of purchasing Shares or debentures of the
           Company or exercise any aforesaid rights by themselves, nor had Directors or their respective spouses or
           children under 18 years of age been granted the aforesaid rights from any other corporate body due to
           the arrangement made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.




116 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                                         SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
                                                            INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


VII. INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS TO BE DISCLOSED BY THE SUBSTANTIAL
     SHAREHOLDERS

    Pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, shareholders are required to disclose
    their interests when they hold 5% or more of the voting shares of the Company’s A shares or H shares,
    and are required to make further disclosure when the subsequent changes of their interest reached the
    prescribed threshold.

    As of the end of the Reporting Period, to the knowledge of the Company and the Directors based on
    enquiries on the HKExnews website of HKEX, the following Shareholders (except Directors or chief
    executives) had interests or short positions in any Shares and underlying Shares of the Company required
    to be recorded in the register to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures
    Ordinance:

                                                                                                                                    Unit: Share

                                                                                                                     Percentage     Percentage of
                                                                                                                     of the Total    the Relevant
                                                                  Class of        Nature of       Number of        Share Capital         Class of
     No.      Name of Shareholders       Capacity                  Shares          Interest      Shares(Note 1)              (%)       Shares (%)


     1        Beijing Financial          Beneficial owner         A Shares   Long positions    2,684,309,017               34.61            41.32
                Holdings Group Limited
                                         Beneficial owner         H Shares   Long positions       89,249,500                1.15             7.08
     2        Central Huijin             Beneficial owner         A Shares   Long positions    2,386,052,459               30.76            36.73
                Investment Ltd.
     3        CITIC Securities           Beneficial owner         A Shares   Long positions     382,849,268                 4.94              5.89
                Co., Ltd.                                         A Shares   Short positions        250,000       Less than 0.01    Less than 0.01
                                         Approved lending         A Shares   Long positions         250,000       Less than 0.01    Less than 0.01
                                           agent                                     (Shares
                                                                               available for
                                                                                    lending)
     4        CITIC Group                Interest of controlled   H Shares   Long positions     351,647,000                 4.53            27.89
                Corporation (Note 2)        corporation
     5        E Fund Management          Investment Manager       H Shares   Long positions     113,965,500                 1.47             9.04
                Co., Ltd.

    Note 1: As the changes in interest are only subject to disclosure when the whole percentage level is crossed, the number of
            shares shown in the table above may not accurately reflect the latest shareholding of the respective shareholders as at
            the end of the Reporting Period.

    Note 2: Pursuant to information provided by HKExnews website of HKEX and to the knowledge of the Company, in March
            2025, Glasslake Holdings transferred all 351,647,000 H Shares of the Company it held to CITIC Financial Holdings.
            Glasslake Holdings and CITIC Financial Holdings are both wholly-owned subsidiaries of CITIC Limited, and their de
            facto controller is CITIC Group. Therefore, as at December 31, 2025, CITIC Group indirectly held 351,647,000 H
            Shares of the Company through its controlled corporation, CITIC Financial Holdings.


    As of the end of the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in this report, to the knowledge of the Company,
    no other person had interests and short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the
    Company which were required, pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, to be
    recorded in the register to be kept by the Company referred to therein.




                                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                              117
     SECTION 6 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
     INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS


     VIII. SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT

           Upon listing of the H Shares, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted a waiver to the Company,
           approving that the minimum public float of the Company shall be the highest of (1) 15% of the total issued
           Share capital of the Company; or (2) such percentage of H Shares to be held by the public immediately
           after the completion of the global offering (assuming that the over-allotment option is not exercised); and
           (3) such percentage of H Shares to be held by the public immediately after the completion of the global
           offering (as increased in the H Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option).
           Upon the completion of the global offering (including the partial exercise of the over-allotment option) and
           based on the minimum public float granted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the minimum public float
           for the H Shares of the Company is no lower than 17.40%.

           Immediately after the completion of the initial public offering of A Shares in 2018, the number of H Shares
           held by the public is not less than 16.49% of the total issued Shares; immediately after the completion of
           the non-public issuance of A Shares in 2020, the number of H Shares held by the public is not less than
           16.26% of the total issued Shares; immediately after the completion of the increase in the shareholding of
           H Shares by the largest Shareholder, Beijing Financial Holdings Group, in 2023, the number of H Shares
           held by the public is not less than 15.06% of the total issued Shares. Based on the public information
           available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors as at the Latest Practicable Date before
           the publishing of this annual report, the Company satisfies the public float requirements by continuously
           maintaining a total public float of A Shares and H Shares of not less than 17.40%, and a public float of H
           Shares of not less than 5%.




118 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                       SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                 AND EMPLOYEES


I.        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

          (I)     Changes in Shareholding and Remuneration of Current and Resigned Directors
                  and Senior Management during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                     Unit: Share

                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                                          remuneration
                                                                                                                                             before tax
                                                                                                                                         received from
                                                                                                       Number Number        Increase or the Company          Whether
                                                                                                     of Shares of Shares      decrease       during the    to receive
                                                                                        Expiry date held at the   held at         in the     Reporting remuneration
                                                                        Commencement of current      beginning the end       number of Period (RMB from related
                                                                        date of current term of          of the    of the    Shares for             ten parties of the
 Name           Position                         Gender Date of birth   term of office office              year     year       the year      thousand)     Company


 LIU Cheng      Chairman, Executive Director,     Male December 1967 March 2025        Upon expiry          0          0             0         147.94             No
                  and Chairman of Executive
                  Committee
 LI Min         Vice Chairman of the Board and    Male September 1976 April 2024       Upon expiry          0          0             0               –           Yes
                  Non-executive Director
 ZHU Yong       Vice Chairman of the Board and    Male June 1969        August 2025    Upon expiry          0          0             0               –            No
                  Non-executive Director
 JIN Jianhua    Executive Director, General       Male January 1971     November       Upon expiry          0          0             0         141.74             No
                  Manager, Member of Executive                            2024
                  Committee
 YAN Xiaolei    Non-executive Director            Male July 1975        April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0              –            Yes
 WANG           Non-executive Director            Male August 1984      August 2025    Upon expiry          0          0             0              –            Yes
   Guanglong
 YANG Dong    Non-executive Director              Male July 1976        April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0              –             No
 HUA Shurui   Non-executive Director             Female June 1979       June 2024      Upon expiry          0          0             0              –             No
 WANG Hua     Non-executive Director             Female August 1976     April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0              –             No
 DAI Bo       Non-executive Director and          Male December 1971    November       Upon expiry          0          0             0          20.20             No
                Employee Representative                                   2025
                Director
 PO Wai Kwong Independent Non-executive           Male January 1957     April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0          34.50             No
                Director
 LAI Guanrong Independent Non-executive           Male December 1962 April 2024        Upon expiry          0          0             0          34.50             No
                Director
 ZHANG Zheng Independent Non-executive            Male August 1972      April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0          34.50             No
                Director
 WU Xi        Independent Non-executive           Male November 1977 April 2024        Upon expiry          0          0             0          34.50             No
                Director
 ZHENG Wei    Independent Non-executive           Male March 1974       April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0          34.50             No
                Director
 JIANG Yueqin Member of Executive Committee       Male December 1966 April 2024        Upon expiry          0          0             0         129.74             No
 HUANG Ling   Member of Executive Committee       Male October 1976    April 2024      Upon expiry          0          0             0         122.36             No
 WU Chaoze    Member of Executive Committee      Female September 1986 June 2025       Upon expiry          0          0             0          55.04             No




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                        119
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                                                                remuneration
                                                                                                                                                   before tax
                                                                                                                                               received from
                                                                                                             Number Number        Increase or the Company          Whether
                                                                                                           of Shares of Shares      decrease       during the    to receive
                                                                                              Expiry date held at the   held at         in the     Reporting remuneration
                                                                              Commencement of current      beginning the end       number of Period (RMB from related
                                                                              date of current term of          of the    of the    Shares for             ten parties of the
      Name           Position                          Gender Date of birth   term of office office              year     year       the year      thousand)     Company


      LIU Naisheng   Member of Executive Committee      Male February 1971    April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0         122.42             No
                      and Secretary of the Board
      LI Tiesheng    Member of Executive Committee      Male July 1971        April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0         103.82             No
      WANG           Member of Executive Committee      Male June 1972        April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0         125.18             No
         Guangxue
      ZHANG Xinfan   Member of Executive Committee      Male December 1968 April 2024        Upon expiry          0          0             0         106.22             No
      DING           Member of Executive Committee      Male May 1973      April 2024        Upon expiry          0          0             0          94.82             No
         Jianqiang     and Chief Compliance Officer
      XIAO Gang      Member of Executive Committee      Male June 1969        April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0         112.82             No
                       and Chief Information Officer
      PENG Wende     Member of Executive Committee      Male June 1966        April 2024     Upon expiry          0          0             0         112.22             No
                       and Chief Risk Officer
      WANG           Former Chairman of the Board,      Male June 1963        April 2024     March 2025           0          0             0          44.50             No
       Changqing       an Executive Director and the
       (Resigned)      Chairman of the Executive
                       Committee
      LIU            Former Non-executive Director      Male September        April 2024     August 2025          0          0             0              –            Yes
        Yanming                                                1978
        (Resigned)

      Total          /                                    /    /              /              /                    0          0             0       1,611.52               /


     Note 1: Both the “Commencement date of term of office” and “Expiry date of term of office” of current Directors and Senior
             Management listed in the table above refer to the dates of the current term of office. For Directors or Senior Management
             serving consecutive terms through re-election or reappointment, please refer to respective biographical details below for the
             starting date of their first term of office.

     Note 2: If the abovementioned persons hold multiple positions, the “term of office” are marked depending on holding the positions of
             Directors or the senior management members for the first time.

     Note 3: The above data on total remuneration before tax represents the remuneration accrued and distributed to Directors and Senior
             Management during their terms of office attributable to 2025. The final remuneration for the Directors and Senior Management
             who received remuneration from the Company during the Reporting Period is still in the process of confirmation, and the
             remaining portion will be disclosed after confirmation.




120 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                     SECTION 7             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                           AND EMPLOYEES


    (II)    Biographical Details of Current Directors and Senior Management of the
            Company

Name                 Main professional experience


LIU Cheng            Mr. LIU is the secretary of the Party Committee, Chairman of the Board, an Executive
                     Director and the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company. Mr. LIU
                     joined the Company in January 2025, and has been serving as Chairman of the
                     Board, an Executive Director and the Chairman of the Executive Committee since
                     March 2025. Mr. LIU currently also serves as Vice Chairman of the Securities
                     Association of China.

                     Mr. LIU worked for the Finance Department of the Central College of Finance and
                     Economics (now Central University of Finance and Economics), the National Planning
                     Committee (now National Development and Reform Commission) and the General
                     Office of the State Council. From April 2018 to January 2025, Mr. LIU served as a
                     member of the Party Committee, deputy secretary of the Party Committee, Chairman
                     of the Supervisory Committee, Executive Vice President of the Bank, President and
                     Executive Director of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (a company listed on
                     the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), concurrently
                     served as the director of CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited, CITIC Bank
                     International Limited and CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd.

                     Mr. LIU obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in Economics from the
                     Finance Department of the Central College of Finance and Economics (now Central
                     University of Finance and Economics) and a doctor’s degree in Economics from the
                     School of Finance of Renmin University of China. Mr. LIU is a research fellow.


LI Min               Mr. LI is the Vice Chairman of the Board and the non-executive Director of the
                     Company. Mr. LI has been serving as a Director of the Company since May 2023
                     and the Vice Chairman of the Board of the Company since June 2023, and currently
                     serves as the deputy general manager of Beijing Financial Holdings Group Limited.

                     Mr. LI served as the deputy director of the sales management division of wealth
                     management products in the personal banking department, and the deputy general
                     manager of the expert team division in the private banking department at Industrial
                     and Commercial Bank of China Limited, the deputy general manager of the personal
                     banking department, the deputy general manager of the asset management
                     department (presiding over the work), the general manager of the asset management
                     department and the deputy president of Hua Xia Bank Co., Limited, and the head of
                     the preparatory group and the chairman of the board of directors at Hua Xia Wealth
                     Management Co., Ltd.

                     Mr. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree in International Finance from Shanxi University of
                     Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Agricultural Economic Management
                     from China Agricultural University, and was qualified as an economist.




                                                       Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             121
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


      Name                 Main professional experience


      ZHU Yong             Mr. ZHU is the Vice Chairman of the Board and the non-executive Director of the
                           Company. Mr. ZHU has been serving as a Director and the Vice Chairman of the
                           Board of the Company since August 2025, and currently serves as a dispatched
                           director of Central Huijin Investment Ltd., and a director of China Export & Credit
                           Insurance Corporation.

                           Mr. ZHU worked for the department of monetary audit of the National Audit Office as
                           the deputy divisional director, the general manager of the legal and audit department,
                           the general manager of the human resources department and the director of
                           organization department of the party committee of Tianjin Binhai Rural Commercial
                           Bank, the divisional director of the supervision and audit department of China Export
                           & Credit Insurance Corporation, the senior deputy manager, senior manager of the
                           office of the board of supervisors/internal audit department and the leader of the
                           working group of the board of supervisors of China Investment Corporation, and a
                           supervisor dispatched to China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation (a company listed
                           on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and a director dispatched to Hengfeng Bank
                           Co., Ltd. by Central Huijin Investment Ltd.

                           Mr. ZHU obtained his doctorate degree in economics from Peking University and is
                           qualified as a senior auditor.
      JIN Jianhua          Mr. JIN is the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, an Executive Director, the
                           General Manager and a member of the Executive Committee of the Company. Mr.
                           JIN joined the Company in November 2024, and has been serving as an Executive
                           Director, the General Manager and a member of the Executive Committee since
                           November 2024. Mr. JIN currently also serves as the chairman of the Subsidiary
                           Committee of the Securities Association of China, the chairman of the Stock Issuance
                           Standardization Committee of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and a member of the
                           Securities Issuance and Underwriting Self-discipline Committee of the Beijing Stock
                           Exchange.

                           Mr. JIN previously served as the deputy general manager of the Investment Banking
                           Department (Beijing), member of the Investment Banking Management Committee,
                           head of the financial industry group, head of the equipment manufacturing industry
                           group, head of the M&A business line and member of the Senior Management of
                           CITIC Securities Co., Ltd., general manager of Goldstone Investment Co., Ltd.,
                           chairman of CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd., deputy general
                           manager of CITIC Investment Holdings Limited, general manager of CITIC Private
                           Fund Management Co., Ltd and previously served as a director of Shanghai Baosteel
                           Packaging Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange).

                           Mr. JIN obtained a Bachelor’s degree in industrial foreign trade and a Master’s
                           degree in technical economics from Xi’an Jiaotong University, and obtained a
                           Master’s degree in business administration from China Europe International Business
                           School.




122 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                 SECTION 7             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                       AND EMPLOYEES


Name             Main professional experience


YAN Xiaolei      Mr. YAN is a non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. YAN has been serving as a
                 Director of the Company since May 2023, and currently serves as Chief Accountant
                 of Beijing State-Owned Assets Management Co., Ltd. (北京市國有資產經營有限責任
                 公司).

                 Mr. YAN served as the secretary of the board of directors at BAIC Motor Corporation
                 Limited, the director of securities and finance at Beijing Automotive Group Co., Ltd.,
                 a director of BAIC Motor Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong
                 Stock Exchange), a director of BAIC BluePark New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (北
                 汽藍谷新能源科技股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange),
                 a director of Bohai Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (渤海汽車系統股份有限公司) (a
                 company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), the chairman of the board of
                 directors of Jingquan Private Equity Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (璟泉私募基
                 金管理(北京)有限公司), the assistant to general manager and Chief Investment Officer
                 of Beijing Financial Holdings Group Limited, the chairman of the board of directors of
                 Beijing Beijin Futures Co., Ltd (北京北金期貨有限公司) and the chairman of the board
                 of directors of Beijing Jinkong Capital Co., Ltd. (北京金控資本有限公司).

                 Mr. YAN obtained a doctor’s degree in Management Science majoring in Accounting
                 from the Research Institute for Fiscal Science of the Ministry of Finance (currently
                 known as Chinese Academy of Fiscal Sciences), had the title of senior economist,
                 and was qualified as a Chinese certified public accountant and a chartered financial
                 analyst (CFA).


WANG Guanglong   Mr. WANG is a non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wang has been
                 serving as a Director of the Company since August 2025, and currently serves
                 as the chairman of Beijing Jinkong Capital Co., Ltd. (北京金控資本有限公司), and
                 concurrently serves as the executive director and general manager of Beijing Wealth
                 Management Co., Ltd. (北京財富管理有限公司) and the chairman of Beijing Beijin
                 Futures Co., Ltd (北京北金期貨有限公司).

                 Mr. WANG previously served as deputy division director at the international research
                 division of the Policy Research Bureau of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
                 Commission (中國銀行保險監督管理委員會政策研究局國際研究處), deputy director
                 (temporary post) of the Macroprudential Policy Bureau of the People’s Bank of China,
                 deputy general manager of the strategic innovation department, general manager of
                 the investment and M&A department and general manager of the financial investment
                 department of Beijing Financial Holdings Group Limited.

                 Mr. WANG holds both a Bachelor’s degree and a Doctorate in Economics from
                 Tsinghua University.




                                                   Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             123
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


      Name                 Main professional experience


      YANG Dong            Mr. YANG is a non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. YANG has been serving
                           as a Director of the Company since October 2021, and currently serves as a
                           Dedicated External Director of Central Huijin Investment Ltd.

                           Mr. YANG worked at Tianjin Branch of the People’s Bank of China, CBIRC Tianjin
                           Office and other institutions, and successively served as the senior deputy manager
                           and senior manager of the Banking Department of Central Huijin Investment Ltd.

                           Mr. YANG obtained a doctor’s degree in Economics from Renmin University of China,
                           and had the title of senior economist.


      HUA Shurui           Ms. HUA is a non-executive Director of the Company. Ms. HUA has been serving
                           as a Director of the Company since June 2024, and currently serves as a Dedicated
                           External Director of Central Huijin Investment Ltd.

                           Ms. HUA was the deputy general manager of Jilin Province Trust Co., Ltd. (吉
                           林省信託有限責任公司), the general manager of the Wealth Management Center
                           of Everbright Securities Co., Ltd., the assistant to the general manager of China
                           Huadian Capital Holdings Co., Ltd., the chairman of the board of directors of Yibin
                           Development Holding Group Company (宜賓發展控股集團公司), the vice mayor of
                           Yibin Municipal Government, and served as a director of China Fortune International
                           Trust Co., Ltd. ( 華鑫國際信託有限公司 ), a director of CCB Principal Asset
                           Management Co., Ltd. and a director of Yibin Tianyuan Group Co., Ltd. (a company
                           listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange), and served on a temporary basis as director
                           of the Financial Services Bureau of Yibin City (宜賓市金融工作局).

                           Ms. HUA obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Jilin Institute of
                           Technology (吉林工學院) (currently Changchun University of Technology (長春工業
                           大學)), and a master’s degree in arts and a doctoral degree in economics from Jilin
                           University (吉林大學).




124 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
           SECTION 7             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                 AND EMPLOYEES


Name       Main professional experience


WANG Hua   Ms. WANG is a non-executive Director of the Company. Ms. WANG has been serving
           as a Director of the Company since June 2021, and currently serves as the deputy
           director of the Party Committee Organization Department and the deputy general
           manager of the Human Resources Department of CITIC Group Corporation, and a
           director of CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited (a company listed on Hong
           Kong Stock Exchange).

           Ms. WANG served as the director of the Tax Division of the Finance Department, the
           assistant to the general manager of the Finance Department and the director of the
           Tax Division, the deputy general manager of the Finance Department and the director
           of the Tax Division and the deputy general manager of the Finance Department of
           CITIC Group Corporation, a director of CITIC Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. (a company
           listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), a director of Zhonghai Trust Co., Ltd., a
           director of China Agriculture Industry Development Fund Co., Ltd. and a director of
           CITIC Urban Development & Operation Co., Ltd.

           Ms. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in Accounting from
           Dongbei University of Finance & Economics.


DAI Bo     Mr. DAI is an employee representative director, the administrative head of the Trading
           Department and the administrative head of the Derivatives Trading Department of the
           Company. Mr. DAI joined the Company in June 2010 and has been serving as the
           administrative head of the Derivatives Trading Department since November 2012,
           concurrently as the administrative head of the Trading Department since July 2013,
           as an employee representative Director of the Company since November 2025,
           and also as a director of China Futures Co., Ltd., a director of China Securities
           (International) Finance Holding Company Limited, a director of China Securities
           (International) Investment Company Limited (建投(海外)投資有限公司) and a director
           of China Securities (International) Finance Company Limited.

           Mr. DAI was a senior researcher of the Research Department of CITIC Securities Co.,
           Ltd., a research director of CITIC Fund Management Co., Ltd (中信基金管理有限責任
           公司), an executive general manager of the Asset Management Department of CITIC
           Securities Co., Ltd., an executive general manager and a managing director of the
           Trading Department of the Company, the chairman and general manager of China
           Securities Investment Co., Ltd, and an employee representative Supervisor of the
           Company.

           Mr. DAI obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering and a bachelor’s degree in
           Economics from Tsinghua University, a master’s degree in Business Administration
           from China Europe International Business School and a doctor’s degree in
           Engineering from Tsinghua University.




                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             125
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


      Name                 Main professional experience


      PO Wai Kwong         Mr. PO is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. PO has been
                           serving as an independent Director of the Company since May 2021, and currently
                           also serves as an independent Director of Citibank (Hong Kong) Limited and a
                           member of the Hang Seng Index Advisory Committee in Hong Kong and an honorary
                           advisor to the Hong Kong Investment Funds Association.

                           Mr. PO served as the senior director of the Securities and Futures Commission (證
                           券及期貨事務監察委員會) of Hong Kong, the executive director of the Insurance
                           Authority (保險業監管局) of Hong Kong and a member of International Advisory
                           Council of the CSRC, and an independent director of Everbright Securities Company
                           Limited (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong
                           Stock Exchange).

                           Mr. PO obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in Business
                           Administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong (香港中文大學), and was
                           also an accountant.


      LAI Guanrong         Mr. LAI is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. LAI has been
                           serving as an independent Director of the Company since May 2021. In addition,
                           Mr. LAI has also been serving as an independent director of Chinasoft International
                           Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and an independent
                           director of Dongxing Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SSE).

                           Mr. LAI served as the deputy general manager (presiding over the work) of Min Fa
                           Security Limited Company (閩發證券有限責任公司), the deputy chief officer of the
                           office of Fujian Branch of People’s Bank of China (中國人民銀行福建省分行), the
                           general manager of Fujian Minnan Qiaoxiang Trust and Investment Company (福建省
                           閩南僑鄉信託投資公司), the president of Huafu Securities Co., Ltd. (華福證券有限責
                           任公司), the secretary of the Party Committee and president of Jiahe Life Insurance
                           Co., Ltd. (嘉禾人壽保險股份有限公司), the vice chairman of ABC Life Insurance Co.,
                           Ltd. (農銀人壽保險股份有限公司), the chairman of the supervisory committee of
                           Beijing Zhongguancun Science City Construction Holding Co., Ltd. (北京中關村科學
                           城建設股份有限公司), the chief economist and member of the investment committee
                           of Shenzhen CMAF Investment Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市遠致富海投資管理有
                           限公司), an independent director of Xin Yuan Enterprises Group Limited (信源企業集
                           團有限公司) (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a director of China
                           Sciences Industrial Group Holdings Co., Ltd. (中科實業集團(控股)有限公司), and an
                           independent director of New China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (a company listed
                           on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange).

                           Mr. LAI obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Xiamen University, a
                           master’s degree in Monetary Banking from the Graduate School of the People’s Bank
                           of China, and a doctor’s degree in Economics from Xiamen University.




126 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
              SECTION 7             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                    AND EMPLOYEES


Name          Main professional experience


ZHANG Zheng   Mr. ZHANG is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. ZHANG
              has been serving as an independent Director of the Company since September
              2022, and currently serves as a professor and deputy dean of Guanghua School of
              Management of Peking University, and an independent director of CCB Trust Co.,
              Ltd. and an independent director of Poly Developments and Holdings Group Co.,
              Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange). Mr. ZHANG currently also
              serves as the director of National Centre for Financial Research at Peking University.

              Mr. ZHANG served as an external supervisor of China Cinda Asset Management
              Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and an independent
              director of Harbin Bank Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
              Exchange).

              Mr. ZHANG obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree with a major in
              Applied Mathematics from Nankai University, and a doctor’s degree in Finance from
              Peking University.


WU Xi         Mr. WU is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. WU has been
              serving as an independent Director of the Company since September 2022, and
              currently serves as a professor and dean of the School of Accountancy of Central
              University of Finance and Economics, as well as an independent director of Dajia
              Insurance Group Co., Ltd., an external supervisor of Trust Mutual Life Insurance
              Company. Mr. WU currently also serves as a member of the Industrial Talent Working
              Committee of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (中國註冊會計師
              協會行業人才工作委員會), and an executive director of the Council of the China Audit
              Society.

              Mr. WU served as the assistant dean and deputy dean of the School of Accountancy
              of Central University of Finance and Economics, an independent director of China
              Publishing & Media Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange)
              and an independent director of Henan Zhongfu Industrial Co., Ltd. (a company listed
              on the Shanghai Stock Exchange).

              Mr. WU obtained a bachelor’s degree with a major in Accounting from Zhejiang
              Institute of Finance and Economics (currently known as Zhejiang University of
              Finance & Economics), and a master’s degree and a doctor’s degree with a major in
              Accounting from Central University of Finance and Economics.




                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             127
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


      Name                 Main professional experience


      ZHENG Wei            Mr. ZHENG is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. ZHENG
                           has been serving as an independent Director of the Company since October
                           2023, and currently serves as a professor and director of department of risk
                           management and insurance of School of Economics of Peking University, director
                           of the China Center for Insurance and Social Security Research, Peking University,
                           and concurrently serves as an independent director of Schroder Fund Management
                           (China) Company Limited.

                           Mr. ZHENG served as an assistant director and associate director of department
                           of risk management and insurance of School of Economics of Peking University,
                           an independent director of New China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (a company
                           listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), an
                           external supervisor of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (a company listed on
                           the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and an external
                           supervisor of PICC Reinsurance Co., Ltd.

                           Mr. ZHENG obtained a bachelor’s degree, a master’s degree and a doctor’s degree
                           in Economics from the School of Economics of Peking University.


      JIANG Yueqin         Mr. JIANG is a member of the Party Committee and a member of the Executive
                           Committee of the Company. Mr. JIANG joined the Company in January 2007, and
                           has been serving as a member of the Executive Committee since May 2009. In
                           addition, he also serves as a director of China Securities (International) Investment
                           Company Limited (建投(海外)投資有限公司).

                           Mr. JIANG worked at Shenzhen Shekou Xinxin Software Company, and served as
                           the deputy general manager of Shenzhen Branch, the general manager of trading
                           department and the chief dealer of CITIC Securities Co., Ltd., the general manager
                           of Changsheng Fund Management Co., Ltd., the assistant to general manager,
                           the administrative head of Institutional Business Department and the administrative
                           head of Asset Management Department of the Company, the chairman of the
                           board of directors of China Fund Management Co., Ltd. and the chairman of the
                           board of directors and the chairman of the executive committee of China Securities
                           (International) Finance Holding Company Limited.

                           Mr. JIANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering and a master’s degree in
                           Engineering from University of Electronic Science and Technology of China.




128 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
             SECTION 7             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                   AND EMPLOYEES


Name         Main professional experience


HUANG Ling   Mr. HUANG is a member of the Party Committee, a member of the Executive
             Committee and the chairman of the Wealth Management Committee of the Company.
             Mr. HUANG joined the Company in November 2005, and has been serving as a
             member of the Executive Committee since January 2014, and the chairman of Wealth
             Management Committee from December 2025. In addition, he also serves as the
             chairman of the board of directors of China Fund Management Co., Ltd.

             Mr. HUANG served as a senior business director of the general management
             department of Huaxia Securities Co., Ltd., and the assistant to the general manager
             of the Debt Business Department, the administrative head of the Bond Underwriting
             Department, the Co-Chairman of the Investment Banking Business Committee, and
             the Chairman of the Institutional Business Committee of the Company.

             Mr. HUANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics from China Institute of
             Finance, a master’s degree in Economics from the Graduate School of the People’s
             Bank of China (currently known as PBC School of Finance, Tsinghua University), and
             a doctor’s degree in Economics from Hunan University, and had the title of senior
             economist.


WU Chaoze    Ms. WU is a member of the Party Committee, a member of the Executive Committee,
             the Chairman of the Institutional Business Committee, and the administrative head of
             the International Business Department of the Company. Ms. Wu joined the Company
             in July 2011, and has been serving as a member of the Executive Committee since
             June 2025 and the Chairman of the Institutional Business Committee since December
             2025. In addition, she also serves as the chairman of the board of directors of China
             Securities (International) Finance Holding Company Limited.

             Ms. WU previously served as Assistant Analyst of the Research and Development
             Department, Chief Analyst of the Telecommunications Sector, Chief Analyst of the
             TMT Sector, and administrative head of the Company.

             Ms. WU obtained a bachelor’s degree in Law from Dalian Maritime University and a
             master’s degree in Law from Swansea University in the United Kingdom.




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             129
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


      Name                 Main professional experience


      LIU Naisheng         Mr. LIU is a member of Party Committee, a member of the Executive Committee,
                           the Secretary of the Board and the Chairman of the Investment Banking Business
                           Management Committee of the Company. Mr. LIU joined the Company in March
                           2006, and has been serving as a member of the Executive Committee since January
                           2014, as the Chairman of the Investment Banking Business Management Committee
                           since January 2021, and as the Secretary of the Board of the Company since July
                           2024. In addition, he also serves as a director of China Securities (International)
                           Finance Holding Company Limited, a director of Beijing Equity Trading Center Co.,
                           Ltd. and a director of Beijing Shunlong Zhiyuan Enterprise Management Consulting
                           Co., Ltd. Mr. LIU currently also serves as the vice chairman of Investment Banking
                           Committee of the Securities Association of China, a member of the Mergers and
                           Acquisitions Financing Professional Committee of the China Association for Public
                           Companies, and a member of the Market Microstructure Professional Committee of
                           the China Capital Market Society.

                           Mr. LIU worked at China Xinxing Corporation (Group), China Science and Technology
                           International Trust and Investment Co., Ltd. and China Science and Technology
                           Securities Co., Ltd., and served as the administrative head of the Investment Banking
                           Department, the director of the Investment Banking Business Committee and the
                           administrative head of the Executive Office of the Company.

                           Mr. LIU obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Beijing Institute of
                           Machinery (currently known as Beijing Information Science & Technology University)
                           and a master’s degree in Business Administration from Tsinghua University, and was
                           qualified as a sponsor representative of A Shares.


      LI Tiesheng          Mr. LI is a member of the Executive Committee of the Company. Mr. LI joined
                           the Company in June 2013, and has been serving as a member of the Executive
                           Committee since June 2013. In addition, he also serves as the chairman of the board
                           of directors of China Capital Management Co., Ltd.

                           Mr. LI served as the business manager of the securities department and the futures
                           department of China People’s Insurance Trust and Investment Company, the general
                           manager of Shenzhen Zhongbaoxin Financial Consultant Co. Ltd, the deputy general
                           manager of Hong Kong Jiangnan Finance Company Limited, the deputy director of
                           Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd., the general manager of New Jiangnan Investment
                           Company Limited, and a member of Party Committee and the vice-president of
                           Beijing Branch of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

                           Mr. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Beijing Institute of
                           Technology and a master’s degree in Economics from Renmin University of China.




130 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                SECTION 7             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                      AND EMPLOYEES


Name            Main professional experience


WANG Guangxue   Mr. WANG is a member of Party Committee, a member of the Executive Committee
                of the Company. Mr. WANG joined the Company in November 2005, and has been
                serving as a member of the Executive Committee since January 2014. In addition,
                he also serves as the chairman of the board of directors of China Futures Co., Ltd.
                Currently, Mr. WANG also serves as a member of the China Futures Association,
                the vice chairman of the Development Strategy Committee, the Chairman of the
                Information Technology Application Committee of the 4th Board of Directors and a
                member of the Strategic Advisory Committee of Dalian Commodity Exchange.

                Mr. WANG served as a staff of the foreign economic relations department of planning
                committee of Liyang City, Jiangsu Province (currently known as the development and
                reform commission of Liyang City), the business manager, senior business director
                and assistant to general manager of the investment banking department of Huaxia
                Securities Co., Ltd., the assistant to general manager and deputy general manager of
                the Investment Banking Department, the Administrative Head of the Executive Office,
                the Secretary of the Board and the chairman of Wealth Management Committee of
                the Company.

                Mr. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in Science from Ocean University of
                Qingdao (currently known as Ocean University of China), and a master’s degree in
                Economics and a doctor’s degree in Economics from Fudan University, and had the
                title of senior economist.


ZHANG Xinfan    Mr. ZHANG is a member of the Executive Committee and the Administrative Head
                of the Securities Financing Department of the Company. Mr. ZHANG joined the
                Company in November 2005, and has been serving as a member of the Executive
                Committee since January 2014 and the Administrative Head of the Securities
                Financing Department since May 2025. In addition, he also serves as a director of
                China Futures Co., Ltd.

                Mr. ZHANG served as the director of securities business department of Dalian Branch
                of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, the manager of Dalian securities
                business department, the deputy general manager of Shenyang Branch and the
                deputy general manager of the brokerage business management headquarters
                of Huaxia Securities Co., Ltd., and the deputy general manager of the Brokerage
                Business Management Department, the manager of the Securities Business
                Department of Beijing Dongzhimen South Street, the Chairman of the Brokerage
                Business Management Committee and the Co-Chairman of the Institutional Business
                Committee of the Company.

                Mr. ZHANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Dongbei University
                of Finance and Economics, and a master’s degree in Business Administration from
                Peking University, and had the title of senior economist.




                                                 Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            131
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


      Name                 Main professional experience


      DING Jianqiang       Mr. DING is a member of Executive Committee, the Chief Compliance Officer and
                           the administrative head of the Legal and Compliance Department of the Company.
                           Mr. DING joined the Company in November 2005, and has been serving as the
                           administrative head of the Legal and Compliance Department since January 2007,
                           a member of Executive Committee since April 2019, and the Chief Compliance
                           Officer since May 2019. Mr. DING also serves as a member of Securities Compliance
                           Management Committee of Securities Association of China, a member of Securities
                           Industry Compliance Committee of the Securities Association of Beijing, and a
                           member of the Rule of Law and Investor Protection Professional Committee of the
                           China Capital Market Society.

                           Mr. DING served as the assistant to the general manager of legal affairs department
                           of Huaxia Securities Co., Ltd., and the assistant to the general manager of the Legal
                           and Compliance Department and the Chief Lawyer of the Company.

                           Mr. DING obtained a bachelor’s degree in Law from China University of Political
                           Science and Law, and was qualified as a lawyer.


      XIAO Gang            Mr. XIAO is a member of Executive Committee, the Chief Information Officer and
                           the administrative head of the IT Department of the Company. Mr. XIAO joined the
                           Company in November 2005, and has been serving as the administrative head of
                           the IT Department since August 2012, and a member of Executive Committee and
                           the Chief Information Officer since April 2019. Mr. XIAO currently also serves as a
                           member of Information Technology Committee of the Securities Association of China,
                           the Chairman of the Fintech and Information Technology Committee of the Securities
                           Association of Beijing, an expert in Fintech Research and Development Center
                           (Shenzhen) of Securities and Futures Industry of SZSE, and a member of WG22
                           Working Groups and a chief expert of WG43 Working Group of Securities Sub-
                           committee of China Financial Standardization Technical Committee.

                           Mr. XIAO worked at Beijing Kangtaike Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. (北京康泰克
                           電子技術有限公司), and served as a senior engineer of Computer Center of Huaxia
                           Securities Co., Ltd., and a senior engineer and deputy general manager of IT
                           Department of the Company.

                           Mr. XIAO obtained a bachelor’s degree in Computer Application from Beijing Union
                           University, and had the professional qualification as a senior engineer.




132 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
             SECTION 7             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                   AND EMPLOYEES


Name         Main professional experience

PENG Wende   Mr. PENG is a member of the Executive Committee, the Chief Risk Officer and the
             administrative head of the Risk Management Department of the Company. Mr. PENG
             joined the Company in November 2005, and has been serving as a member of the
             Executive Committee of the Company since July 2019, the administrative head of the
             Risk Management Department since February 2023 and the Chief Risk Officer since
             March 2023. Mr. PENG also serves as the vice chairperson of Risk Management
             Committee of Securities Association of China, the vice chairperson of Risk Control
             Committee of Securities Association of Beijing, a member of Risk Management
             Committee of Shanghai Stock Exchange and a member of statistical analysis expert
             group of China Securities Investor Protection Fund Corporation Limited.

             Mr. PENG served as the head of engineering department of Shine Dew Industrial
             Limited (鑫達實業有限公司), the deputy general manager of Guangzhou Branch, the
             general manager of Beijing Sanlihe Securities Business Department and the general
             manager of Chongqing Branch of Huaxia Securities Co., Ltd., the general manager
             of Southwest Management Headquarters of the Company, the chairman of the board
             of directors of China Futures Co., Ltd., and a director, the general manager and
             the chairman of the Executive Committee of China Securities (International) Finance
             Holding Company Limited.

             Mr. PENG obtained a bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Huazhong University of
             Science and Technology, a master’s degree in Management Engineering from South
             China University of Technology, and a doctor’s degree with a major in Enterprise
             Management from Sun Yat-sen University.




                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.           133
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


     II.       POSITIONS HELD BY CURRENT AND RESIGNED DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
               MANAGEMENT DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

               1.    Positions in the Shareholders

                                                                                              Commencement
                             Name of the              Positions held in the                   date of term        Expiry date
      Name                   Shareholders             Shareholders                            of office           of term of office


      LI Min                 Beijing Financial        Deputy General Manager                  February 2021       Upon expiry
                               Holdings Group
      ZHU Yong               Central Huijin           Dedicated External Director             September 2020 Upon expiry
      YAN Xiaolei            Beijing Financial        Chief Investment Officer                July 2020      October 2025
                               Holdings Group
      WANG Guanglong         Beijing Financial        General Manager of Financial            January 2025        January 2026
                               Holdings Group           Investment Department
      YANG Dong              Central Huijin           Dedicated External Director             October 2021        Upon expiry
      HUA Shurui             Central Huijin           Dedicated External Director             June 2024           Upon expiry
      LIU Yanming            Beijing Financial        General Manager of the Digital          January 2025        Upon expiry
        (Resigned)             Holdings Group           Economy Department

      Explanations on positions in the Shareholders   Positions held by resigned employees in the Shareholders shall be
                                                        presented in the position he/she held at the time of resignation.

               2.    Positions in Other Entities

                                                                                              Commencement
                              Name of                 Positions held in                       date of term        Expiry date
      Name                    other entities          other entities                          of office           of term of office


      YAN Xiaolei             Beijing State-Owned Chief Accountant                         October 2025           Upon expiry
                                Assets Management
                                Co., Ltd.
      WANG Guanglong          Beijing Jinkong Capital Chairman                             November               Upon expiry
                                Co., Ltd.                                                    2025
      WANG Hua                CITIC Group             The Deputy Director of the Party     March 2023             Upon expiry
                                                        Committee Organization Department
                                                        and the Deputy General Manager of
                                                        the Human Resources Department
      ZHANG Zheng             Peking University       Professor and Deputy Dean of         January 2020           Upon expiry
                                                        Guanghua School of Management
      WU Xi                   Central University      Professor and Dean of School of      September              Upon expiry
                                of Finance and          Accountancy                          2019
                                Economics
      ZHENG Wei               Peking University       Professor and Director of Department September              Upon expiry
                                                        of Risk Management and Insurance     2010
                                                        of School of Economics

      Explanations on positions in other              Those who only serve as independent non-executive directors in other
        entities                                        entities are not listed. See “Biographical Details of Current Directors and
                                                        Senior Management of the Company” under this section in this report for
                                                        other appointments.



134 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                            SECTION 7                 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                      AND EMPLOYEES


III.   REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

       Decision-making Procedures in Relation   The Board of the Company established the Remuneration and
         to Remuneration of Directors and       Nomination Committee, which was responsible for formulating and
         Senior Management                      reviewing the remuneration policies and plans for Directors and senior
                                                management of the Company and making recommendations. The Board
                                                and/or the General Meeting was responsible for conducting proceedings
                                                and making decisions in accordance with the Articles of Association
                                                and the Rules of Procedures for the Board of Directors. The Company
                                                established remuneration management systems to regulate decision-
                                                making procedures of remuneration.

       Should Directors Abstain from the        Yes
         Discussion of the Board Regarding
         Their Own Remuneration

       The Recommendations Made by the          To consider resolutions concerning the remuneration of the Company’s
         Remuneration and Nomination            Directors and senior management based on the Company’s operating
         Committee and Special Meetings of      performance, and to consider matters related to the deferred payment
         Independent Directors Regarding        of performance-based remuneration in accordance with the prudent
         Remuneration of Directors and          remuneration system and other industry requirements.
         Senior Management

       Basis for Determining the Remuneration   The independent non-executive Directors of the Company received
         of Directors and Senior Management     allowances with reference to the industry standards, while other non-
                                                executive Directors did not receive remuneration from the Company.
                                                The annual remuneration of the senior management is determined and
                                                allocated with reference to the overall performance of the Company,
                                                the division of responsibilities, individual annual assessment results, and
                                                market-related factors.

       Actual Payment of Remuneration to        For details, please refer to the section “Changes in Shareholding
         Directors and Senior Management        and Remuneration of Current and Resigned Directors and Senior
                                                Management during the Reporting Period”.

       Total Actual Remuneration Received by    RMB16,115,200.
         All Directors and Senior Management
         up to the End of Reporting Period

       Basis for Assessment and Completion      Please refer to “Evaluation and Incentive Mechanism and Performance
         of the Actual Remuneration             of Duties by Senior Management” of this section for details.
         Received by All Directors and Senior
         Management at the End of the
         Reporting Period

       Deferred Payment Arrangements for        The Company has established a remuneration deferred payment system
         Actual Remuneration Received by All    whereby more than 40% of the performance-based annual remuneration
         Directors and Senior Management at     for senior management shall be deferred for a period not less than three
         the End of the Reporting Period        years. The deferred payment of remuneration shall be divided equally.

       Stop-payment Recourse for Actual         No relevant circumstance occurred during the Reporting Period
         Remuneration Received by All
         Directors and Senior Management at
         the End of the Reporting Period


                                                                 Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                   135
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


     IV.   CHANGES IN DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

            Name                        Positions held                    Changes             Reason


            LIU Cheng                   Chairman of the Board, Executive Elected              Supplemented
                                          Director and Chairman of
                                          Executive Committee
            ZHU Yong                    Vice Chairman of the Board and Elected                Supplemented
                                          Non-executive Director
            WANG Guanglong              Non-executive Director           Elected              Supplemented
            DAI Bo                      Non-executive Director and       Elected              Supplemented
                                          Employee Representative
                                          Director
            WU Chaoze                   Member of Executive Committee Appointed               Appointed
            WANG Changqing              Former Chairman of the           Resigned             To the age of
                                          Board, Executive Director                             retirement
                                          and Chairman of Executive
                                          Committee
            LIU Yanming                 Former Non-executive Director    Resigned             Work change

     V.    RELATIONSHIPS AMONG DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

           Save as disclosed in this report, there is no relationship among the Directors and senior management of
           the Company, including finance, business, family or other significant relationships.




136 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                          SECTION 7              DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                 AND EMPLOYEES


VI.   PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES BY DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
      (I)   Performance of Duties by Directors

            In 2025, in accordance with the provisions under the domestic and overseas laws and regulations,
            regulatory requirements and the Articles of Association, all Directors of the Company diligently and
            responsibly performed their responsibilities and obligations in reviewing the issues of the Board and
            special committees under the Board carefully, provided valuable opinions and recommendations
            on strategic and development planning, governance system, business development, risk
            management and compliance management and other aspects, earnestly safeguarded the interests
            of Shareholders and promoted sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

            During the year, the Executive Directors earnestly performed their dual duties in decision making
            and execution, actively implemented the resolutions of General Meetings and Board, and
            conducted in-depth study of the development and operating strategies of the Company to boost
            the Company to achieve outstanding operating results; the non-executive Directors attended the
            meetings of the Board and special committees under the Board pursuant to the requirements and
            made scientific and prudent decisions by way of, among others, considering meeting documents,
            receiving special reports, conducting investigations and surveys, and reviewing documents
            reporting the Company’s operation to keep abreast of the Company’s operation and development
            status timely; the independent non-executive Directors consistently expressed their personal
            opinions in an independent and objective manner, offered advice and recommendations on the
            Company’s development by giving full play to their professional strengths, and faithfully performed
            their duties so as to safeguard the interests of the Company and its Shareholders, especially the
            legitimate interests of minority Shareholders.

            For details of the performance of duties of Directors of the Company, please refer to “Section 8
            Corporate Governance Report” of this annual report.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              137
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


           (II)   Evaluation and Incentive Mechanism and Performance of Duties by Senior
                  Management

                  During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Board of Directors served as the primary body
                  responsible for the performance appraisal and compensation management of Senior Management.
                  In accordance with relevant corporate systems and annual operational objectives, it conducted
                  annual performance assessment of Senior Management. The assessment was closely aligned
                  with the division of responsibilities among senior executives, focusing on key areas including
                  operational performance, development of assigned fields, enhancement of market competitiveness,
                  implementation of annual priorities, compliance risk management and control, and ethical conduct.
                  It comprehensively evaluated their effectiveness in fulfilling duties and assuming responsibilities,
                  with assessment outcomes closely tied to the Company’s overall performance.

                  During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Senior Management demonstrated diligence and
                  professionalism in fulfilling their duties, delivering strong overall performance and successfully
                  completing all tasks assigned by the Board of Directors with high quality. The Company continued
                  to enhance its internal control and risk management systems, strengthen synergistic efficiency
                  and specialized service capabilities, actively seize industry development opportunities, adhere
                  to a prudent business orientation, optimize its business layout and talent structure, accelerate
                  the implementation of corporate strategies, and achieve improved operational efficiency and
                  high-quality development.

                  The annual remuneration of the Company’s senior management is determined and allocated with
                  reference to the overall performance of the Company, the division of responsibilities, individual
                  annual assessment results, and market-related factors, and is executed after the consideration and
                  approval of the Board.

                  For details regarding the key performance initiatives of the Company’s executive management,
                  please refer to “Section 3 Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report.

     VII. EMPLOYEES OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES

           (I)    Employees

                  As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 12,618 employees (including labor
                  outsourcing employees), and 540 resigned and retired employees for whom the parent company
                  and major subsidiaries were required to undertake the expenses. The specific composition of
                  incumbent employees was as follows:

           (II)   Remuneration Policies

                  The Company has established a sound internal human resource management system in
                  compliance with the provisions of the PRC’s laws in relation to, among others, labor contracts and
                  labor protections, formulated various rules and policies in relation to remunerations, positions and
                  grades, performance assessments, benefits and holidays, etc., and stringently implemented such
                  rules and policies, so as to effectively protect the employees’ interest in various aspects such as
                  labor protection, working environment, wages payment, social insurance, healthcare and vacation.
                  Based on management of the gross salary of state-owned enterprises, the Company reasonably
                  determines remuneration level for employees according to its annual operating performance and
                  in compliance with the principles of marketization. The employees’ remuneration includes basic
                  salaries, bonuses, subsidies and allowances and insurance benefits. Basic salaries are determined
                  according to the positions and grades, and the standard of positions and grades is determined
                  taking overall consideration of factors such as post responsibilities, qualification, working capability,
                  professional knowledge and experience of employees. Bonuses are determined comprehensively
                  according to the strategy implementation, result performance, performance appraisal results,



138 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                               SECTION 7                            DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                                                    AND EMPLOYEES


       evaluation on compliance and risk control and honest practice evaluation, etc. of employees in
       the corresponding year. The Company has implemented the concept of stable operation and
       sustainable development, established a complete and stable remuneration management system,
       and set up a remuneration deferred payment mechanism, so as to avoid excessive incentives
       and short-term incentives. The Company has made full payment of social insurance and housing
       provident fund contributions for its employees and established a comprehensive benefit protection
       system, covering various aspects, including supplemental medical insurance, enterprise annuity,
       paid leave and medical examination.


                                                            1,393




                                                                                                        11,225
                                                                   Total number of
                                                                incumbent employees
                                                                        12,618




                                             Number of incumbent employees            Number of incumbent employees
                                             of the parent company                    of major subsidiaries




      Professional Composition                                                                                      Education Level
            Number of employees (person)                                                                         Number of employees (person)


              1,019                                                                                                     433 121
        105
      307
878




                                                                                                                                                              5,980
                       Total                                                                                                 Total
                      12,618                                                                                                12,618
                                                                                           6,084




                                           10,309




      Business           Information technology employees                                                Doctor’s      Master’s      Bachelor’s College and
      employees                                                                                          degree        degree        degree     below

      Financial          Administration         Others
      employees          employees




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                    139
     SECTION 7 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     AND EMPLOYEES


           (III)   Training Program

                   Building a high-quality, professional cadre and talent team with strong political integrity, fine work
                   conduct and professional competence is the core driving force for the Company to continuously
                   achieve new leaps and new development. In 2025, the Company continued to focus on the training
                   and education of incumbent cadres, young cadres, Party affairs cadres and professional talents,
                   continuously improved the talent development system, and refined the multi-tiered cadre and
                   talent development system. On the basis of continuously studying and implementing Xi Jinping
                   Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, the Company thoroughly
                   studied the essence of the Eight-point Decision of the Central Committee and its implementation
                   rules, and promoted the implementation of six cadre and talent development programmes,
                   namely “Lighthouse”, “Voyage”, “Rosy Glow”, “Torch”, “Stars” and “Summit”, providing dedicated
                   training support for middle-level and above cadres, heads of branches, young cadre echelons at
                   headquarters and branch levels, management trainees and professional talents in key fields.

                   1.     Carried out the “Lighthouse Program” for middle-level and above cadres of the Company
                          and continuously conducted theoretical study of the Party, Party spirit education and the
                          training on performance capacity, so as to improve the political literacy, strategic thinking
                          and leadership.

                   2.     Carried out the “Long Voyage Program” for the heads of the branches, and customized
                          differentiated training curriculums for the branch’s general manager, business department
                          managers at different development stages in order to help the heads of the branches
                          enhance their political awareness, strengthen compliance, risk control and business
                          awareness, and master advanced management concepts and methods.

                   3.     Tiered and classified and carried out cultivation, programmes namely “Rosy Glow” and
                          “Torch” for outstanding young cadres. Carried out the development plan for management
                          talents at the headquarters of the Company, focusing on the competency that high quality
                          financial management talents should possess, and on helping young cadres to strengthen
                          the cultivation of their Party spirit and theoretical literacy. Assistance offered to team leaders
                          at headquarters and subsidiaries to enhance their ability to “manage people and business”
                          in daily team management. Carried out overall plan, unified selection and intensive cultivation
                          and exercise initiatives for management trainees. To strengthen the ideals, beliefs and
                          strategic execution for management talents of the branch offices and establish the concept
                          of overall situation and systematic thinking, in order to improve the overall coordination and
                          operation decision-making ability. To facilitate the role transition for the management talents
                          from business department to establish a business operation awareness and management
                          thinking, and to consolidate managerial skill for rapid growth from official of business
                          department to management department cadres.




140 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                    SECTION 7              DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                           AND EMPLOYEES


       4.    Implemented the “Summit Programme” for professional talents. The Company advanced
             the cultivation of financial technology and digital talents by organizing two-way rotation
             and exchange between technology and finance, and holding general financial technology
             courses as well as basic and advanced practical training camps for data analysis; it
             continued to promote general training and practical training for investment research talents;
             it organized training camps for regional compliance personnel to further improve compliance
             management effectiveness at branch institutions, advance the forward positioning of risk
             and internal control checkpoints, and strengthen the cultivation of compliance teams in
             the wealth management business line and the construction of a business quality control
             middle platform; and it continued to organize pre-departure training courses for overseas
             assignments and business English enhancement training camps for international talents,
             helping employees participating in overseas secondment and exchanges broaden their
             international perspectives, improve their overseas working capabilities and awareness of
             safety and confidentiality, and promote the development of cross-border business.

       5.    Organized annual training for all Party members, arranged for all secretaries of primary-level
             Party organizations to participate in rotational training courses for Party affairs cadres and
             online training courses on current situation, policies and theoretical studies, held a series of
             professional competency enhancement training sessions for Party affairs staff, conducted
             annual training for applicants for Party membership, and organized training classes for
             candidates for Party membership of the year.

       6.    Attached great importance to compliance practice education, integrity education,
             confidentiality education and information security education for all employees, and regularly
             strengthened employees’ awareness and capabilities.

       7.    Attached great importance to campus recruitment, providing employment and internship
             opportunities for outstanding graduates and current students. During the Reporting Period,
             the Company provided more than 2,800 internship positions for students and offered 63
             hours of pre-job online courses for newly recruited graduates, and organized centralized
             onboarding training for new employees.

(IV)   Information of Securities Brokers

       As of the end of 2025, the Company had a total of 5 branches that implemented the securities
       broker system, with a total of 26 brokers who obtained practicing qualifications as securities
       brokers as reviewed and approved by the SAC.




                                                       Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               141
     SECTION 8 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     I.    OVERVIEW OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

           As a “A+H” share listed company, the Company has strictly complied with the requirements of laws,
           regulations and regulatory requirements of the domestic and overseas listing places, adhered to the
           concept of high-quality development and constantly improved the level of its corporate governance. The
           Company has deepened the organic integration of Party leadership with corporate governance, steadfastly
           upholding the political and people-oriented nature of financial work. The responsibilities and authorities
           of the General Meeting, the Board and management are clearly delineated, and operate in accordance
           with established norms; each special committee of the Board and independent Directors perform their
           duties with full effectiveness. The decision-making, execution and oversight functions of the Company
           coordinate and reinforce one another, resulting in continuously enhanced governance effectiveness. The
           Company has formulated the Articles of Association, and the corporate governance systems, including the
           Rules of Procedures for the General Meeting, the Rules of Procedures for Board of Directors and Rules of
           Procedures for Executive Committee, defining the scope of responsibilities and working procedures of the
           General Meeting, the Board and the executive management and strengthening an institutional foundations
           to the standardized operation of the Company. The Board has established the Development Strategy
           Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration and Nomination
           Committee, developed rules of procedures for each special committee and clearly defined the scope of
           responsibilities and work procedures of each special committee to give full play to the role of each special
           committee in providing professional support for the Board’s decision-making. To improve the quality and
           effectiveness of the Independent Directors’ performance, the Company has developed the Work System
           for the Independent Directors, Rules of Procedures for the Special Meetings of the Independent Directors,
           as well as Work System for Annual Report of the Independent Directors, so as to ensure that the
           Independent Directors effectively fulfill the important roles of participation in decision-making, supervision
           and counterbalance, and professional advice in corporate governance.

           During the Reporting Period, the Company and the Board strictly complied with relevant provisions of
           corporate governance of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of Corporate Governance
           for Listed Companies, the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
           the Corporate Governance Code under Appendix C1 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and relevant
           requirements on securities regulatory authorities, to ensure the convening, holding and voting procedures
           of the General Meetings and the Board complied with the laws and regulations; strictly fulfilled information
           disclosure obligations and ensured timely and fair information disclosure with truthfulness, accuracy and
           completeness; attached great importance to the protection of the rights and interests of investors, and
           strived to continuously provide comprehensive and effective investor relations services; further enhanced
           the governance participation of independent Directors and fortified the protection of the legitimate
           rights and interests of minority Shareholders. The overall governance of the Company complied with the
           provisions of laws, regulations, and met the relevant regulatory requirements from securities regulatory
           authorities and stock exchanges. The Board has fully fulfilled its corporate governance responsibilities
           during the Reporting Period.




142 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                          SECTION 8              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


II.   BOARD AND THE OPERATION MANAGEMENT

      (I)    Composition of the Board

             The Company has a Board which is accountable to the General Meeting. In accordance with
             the provisions of the Articles of Association, the Board of the Company shall consist of 15
             Directors, five of whom are independent non-executive Directors and one of whom is an employee
             representative director, and the number of internal Directors of the Board shall not exceed one-half
             of the total number of Directors. The Board shall have one chairman and two vice chairmen who
             shall be elected and removed by more than one half of all the Directors. The Directors of the
             Company shall serve a term of three years, and are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of
             their terms, except as otherwise provided in the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of
             Association. The Company has adopted a Board diversity policy, and considered the diversity of
             the Board members in various aspects when nominating candidates for Directors, including factors
             such as age, gender, educational background and professional experience.

             As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors of the Company comprised
             15 Directors, including two executive Directors (Mr. LIU Cheng and Mr. JIN Jianhua), eight
             non-executive Directors (Mr. LI Min, Mr. ZHU Yong, Mr. YAN Xiaolei, Mr. WANG Guanglong, Mr.
             YANG Dong, Ms. HUA Shurui, Ms. WANG Hua and Mr. DAI Bo) and five independent non-executive
             Directors (Mr. PO Wai Kwong, Mr. LAI Guanrong, Mr. ZHANG Zheng, Mr. WU Xi and Mr. ZHENG
             Wei), of which the number of internal Directors was far less than one-half of the total number of
             Directors, and the number of independent non-executive Directors exceeded one-third of the
             total number of Directors, therefore, the composition of the Board of Directors complied with the
             relevant laws and regulations as well as regulatory rules.

             For information on the resignation and appointment of Directors during the Reporting Period,
             please refer to “Changes in Directors and Senior Management of the Company” in “Section 7
             Directors, Senior Management and Employees” of this annual report.

      (II)   Executive Directors (Chairman and General Manager)

             The two Executive Directors of the Company serve as Chairman and General Manager respectively.
             The Chairman serves as the Legal Representative of the Company, responsible for directing the
             Board’s operations, ensuring the Board functions efficiently in a manner consistent with the best
             interests of the Company and all Shareholders, safeguarding that Directors receive information
             for their duties timely, accurately and clearly, promoting the refinement of corporate governance,
             and achieving the steady development of the Company. The General Manager presides over the
             operational management of the Company, implements resolutions passed by the Board, and
             reports to the Board. The specific responsibilities of the Chairman and the General Manager are
             detailed in the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             143
     SECTION 8             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


           (III)   Duties and Powers of the Board

                   In accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association, the Board of the Company shall
                   exercise the following duties and powers: (1) to convene General Meetings and submit work report
                   to General Meetings; (2) to implement the resolutions of the General Meetings; (3) to decide on
                   the operation plan and investment scheme of the Company; (4) to determine the compliance
                   management objectives of the Company, assume responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance
                   management of the Company and perform the corresponding duties of compliance management;
                   (5) to set the objectives, strategies and policies for the Company’s comprehensive risk management
                   and consolidated statement management, and fulfill the corresponding responsibilities in these
                   areas; (6) to prepare the budget and final financial accounts plans of the Company; (7) to prepare
                   the profit distribution plan and the loss recovery plan; (8) to prepare the plan for the Company
                   to increase or reduce its registered capital, issuance of corporate bonds or other securities and
                   listing plans; (9) to prepare plans of the Company with respect to mergers, divisions, dissolution
                   or changes of the form of the Company; (10) to prepare plans of the Company with respect to
                   material acquisitions and acquisition of the Company shares; (11) to decide to appoint or remove
                   the General Manager, the Chief Compliance Officer, the Chief Risk Officer and the Secretary of the
                   Board of the Company nominated by the Chairman of the Board or special committees under the
                   Board and decide the remunerations and rewards and punishments thereof; to appoint or remove
                   the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, members of the Executive Committee and
                   other senior management members nominated by the Chairman of the Board, special committees
                   under the Board or the General Manager, and decide the remunerations and rewards and
                   punishments thereof; (12) to decide on the establishment of the internal management organizations
                   of the Company; (13) to determine the composition of special committees under the Board, and
                   the chairman (convener) of each special committee under the Board; (14) to establish a basic
                   management system of the Company; (15) to prepare plans to amend these Articles of Association;
                   (16) to file an application for bankruptcy on behalf of the Company; (17) to prepare plans of
                   the Company with respect to, among others, the material external investments, material assets
                   acquisition and disposal, material guarantees and material connected transactions; (18) to consider
                   and approve the external investment matters that do not satisfy the approval authority of General
                   Meetings as prescribed in these Articles of Association; (19) to consider and approve the assets
                   acquisition and disposal matters that do not satisfy the approval authority of General Meetings as
                   prescribed in the Articles of Association; (20) to consider and approve external guarantees that do
                   not require approval at the General Meeting as specified in these Articles of Association; (21) to
                   consider and approve the related party transactions that should be considered and approved by
                   the Board as required by laws, regulations and the listing rules of the place where the Company’
                   shares are listed; (22) to consider and approve the external donation matters of the Company
                   with an accumulative donation amount not exceeding RMB twenty five million (RMB25,000,000)
                   (inclusive) in one financial year; (23) to decide on the Company’s external investments, acquisition
                   and disposal of assets, pledge of assets, external guarantee matters, trust wealth management and
                   other matters within the scope of authorization by General Meetings; (24) to decide on mergers,
                   divisions, establishments or revocations of branches; (25) to manage the information disclosure
                   matters of the Company; (26) to propose to General Meetings with respect to the engagement
                   or replacement of the audit firms to audit the Company; (27) to receive the work report of the
                   General Manager of the Company and examine his/her work; (28) to guide and urge the Company
                   to strengthen cultural construction, establish and improve the cultural concept system that can
                   effectively support the Company’s strategy, and realize the integrated development of both the
                   strategy and the culture of the Company; (29) to exercise any other duties and powers specified in
                   relevant laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules, normative documents, the listing rules
                   of the place where the Company’s shares are listed or the Articles of Association of the Company,
                   or authorized by the General Meeting.




144 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                     SECTION 8               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


       During the Reporting Period, all Directors of the Company responsibly, diligently and faithfully
       performed their obligations, responsibilities and duties as Directors. The independent non-executive
       Directors continued to possess the independence required by relevant rules, and gave full play
       to their roles in participating in the decision-making, supervision and balance, and professional
       consultation in the Board, so as to safeguard the overall interests of listed companies, and the
       legitimate rights and interests of minority Shareholders.

(IV)   Duties of the Executive Management

       In accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association, the Company established the
       Executive Committee to operate and manage its business. The Executive Committee of the
       Company shall, according to the resolutions of the Board of Directors or the relevant requirements,
       perform the following duties: (1) to carry out the operational guidelines of the Company, and
       determine major matters in relation to the operation and management of the Company; (2) to
       implement the objectives of the Company’s compliance management, risk management and
       consolidated management, assume responsibility for the compliant operation, comprehensive risk
       management and consolidated management of the Company, and perform the corresponding
       duties to management; (3) to draft the financial budget plan of the Company, and submit the same
       to the Board of Directors for formulation; (4) to draft the final accounting plan, the profit distribution
       plan, and loss recovery plans of the Company, and submit the same to the Board of Directors for
       formulation; (5) to draft the plan to change the registered capital, and the plan to issue bonds, of
       the Company, and submit the same to the Board of Directors for formulation; (6) to draft the plan
       for the merger, division, alteration or dissolution of the Company, and submit the same to the
       Board of Directors for formulation; (7) to draft the plan for the operation, investment, financing or
       assets disposition of the Company, and submit the same to the Board of Directors for approval
       in accordance with corresponding rights; (8) to draft the plan for the establishment of an internal
       management organization of the Company, and submit the same to the Board of Directors for
       approval; (9) to decide the appointment and dismissal of the management (other than the Directors
       and senior management of the Company); (10) to draft and approve the remuneration plan and the
       award and punishment plan for employees (other than Directors and senior management of the
       Company); (11) to implement the requirements of cultural development in the industry, promote the
       close integration of the Company’s culture development and operation management, and realize
       the integration of the Company’s strategy and culture; (12) to exercise other powers granted by the
       Board of Directors.

       During the Reporting Period, the executive management of the Company comprehensively
       implemented all resolutions and requirements of the Board. It played an important role in achieving
       outstanding operating results despite a severe market environment and intense competition in the
       industry, and accomplished the mission of operation and management assigned to it by the Board
       well.




                                                          Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                145
     SECTION 8           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


           (V)   Board and Workforce Diversity Policy

                 Purpose of the policy: The purpose is to set out the approach to achieve Board diversity. With a
                 view to achieving sustainable and balanced development, the Company regards the diversity at
                 the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and
                 sustainable development.

                 Board diversity policy statement: In designing the composition of the Board, the Company has
                 considered the Board diversity from various aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
                 cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
                 service. The appointment of all Board members will be based on the principle of meritocracy, and
                 candidates will be considered and selected based on the diversity objective, taking into account
                 the benefits of Board diversity, and determined in accordance with the advantages of candidates
                 and their ability to provide professional support to the Board.

                 Measurable objectives: Selection of candidates will be based on various aspects, including but
                 not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills,
                 knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on the value and contribution
                 that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                 reviews and supervises the implementation of the Board diversity policy every year to ensure its
                 effectiveness.

                 During the Reporting Period, the Board diversity policy has been well implemented. The Directors
                 of the Company have a balanced portfolio of knowledge and skills, including knowledge and
                 experience in the fields of finance, accounting, investment management and general corporate
                 management. The Board has both male and female Directors, covering various age groups,
                 including those aged 40 to 60, with work experience in different industries. During the Reporting
                 Period, the Board newly appointed a female Director as a member of the Remuneration and
                 Nomination Committee to better align with the diversity requirements of Board diversity policy set
                 out in the Corporate Governance Code under Appendix C1 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As
                 of the end of the Reporting Period, two out of fifteen of our Directors are female, representing
                 approximately 13.33% of the total Directors. The Board will use its best endeavors to actively
                 identify female individuals qualified to become our Board members, to ensure the effective
                 implementation of gender diversity policy of the Board. The Company will continue to ensure
                 gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level so that the female senior management
                 and potential successors will join the Board in due course to ensure gender diversity of the Board.
                 The Company will continue to focus on training female talent and providing long-term development
                 opportunities for female staff. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the ratio of male to female
                 employees of the Company was approximately 1.29:1.

                 With social progress and economic development intensifying the requirement for the Board
                 diversity, the Company will further compare and strengthen the objective of corporate governance
                 by adopting plenty of measures, including but not limited to increasing the number of trainings
                 for female talents, enhancing young talents cultivation, encouraging the development of
                 multi-technology and experienced staff and having more discussions with Shareholders on the
                 Board diversity, seeking the advancement of the Board diversity.




146 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                    SECTION 8             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(VI)   Convening of Board Meetings

       In 2025, the Company convened a total of 8 Board meetings, the details of which were as follows:

       On February 20, 2025, the 12th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of the
       Company considered and approved resolutions including the Resolution on the Exemption of
       Prior Notice Period of Board Meetings, the Resolution on Nomination of Executive Director of the
       Company and Election of Chairman, Member of Special Committees of the Board, the Resolution
       on Appointment of Senior Management Member of the Company, the Resolution on Appointment
       of Authorized Representative, and the Resolution on Convening the Extraordinary General Meeting
       of the Company.

       On March 27, 2025, the 13th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of the Company
       considered and approved resolutions including the Resolution on the 2024 Operation Report of the
       Executive Management, the Resolution on the 2024 Work Report of the Board of Directors of the
       CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the 2024 Work Report of Independent Non-Executive
       Directors and their Independence, the Resolution on the Report on the Performance of Duties
       by the Audit Committee of the Board of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd. for 2024, the Resolution on
       the 2024 Final Financial Accounts Plan, the Resolution on the Profit Distribution Plan in 2024,
       the Resolution on the 2024 Annual Report of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the
       2024 Compliance Report of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the 2024 Anti-Money
       Laundering Work Report of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the 2024 Special
       Report on Information Technology Management of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on
       the 2024 Internal Control Evaluation Report of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the
       2024 Sustainability & Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report of the CSC Financial
       Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the 2024 Appraisal of the Chief Compliance Officer, the Resolution on
       the Report on the Performance of Supervision Duties of Accounting Firms by the Audit Committee
       of the Board of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd. for 2024, the Resolution on Assessment Report on
       Accounting Firms’ Performance of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd. for 2024, the Resolution on the
       2024 Internal Audit Work Report and 2025 Work Plan, the Resolution on the 2025 Anti-Money
       Laundering Work Plan of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on Renewal of Accounting
       Firms for 2025, the Resolution on Formulating a Market Value Management System, the Resolution
       on Adjusting the Names and Core Responsibilities of Brokerage Business Management Committee
       and the Resolution on Convening the Annual General Meeting.

       On April 29, 2025, the 14th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of the Company
       considered and approved resolutions including the Resolution on the 2025 First Quarterly Report
       of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the 2024 Risk Report of the CSC Financial Co.,
       Ltd., the Resolution on 2025 Work Plan, the Resolution on 2025 Financial Plan, the Resolution on
       the 2025 Risk Management Policies, the Resolution on the 2025 Self-Investment Quota and the
       Resolution on the Expected Daily Related Party Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions
       in 2025, and heard reports including the Report on Special Audit of Anti-Money Laundering Work,
       the Report on Self-Assessment of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risks for 2024, the
       Report on Protection of Investors’ Rights and Interests in 2024, the Report on Issuance of Debt
       Financing Instruments in 2024 and the Report on the Use of Increased Capital Contribution of
       China Capital Management Co., Ltd in 2024.

       On June 20, 2025, the 15th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of the Company
       considered and approved resolutions including the Resolution on the Additional Appointment of
       Non-executive Directors and Members to the Specialized Committees of the Board of Directors,
       the Resolution on Appointment of Senior Management and the Resolution on Convening the
       Extraordinary General Meeting.


                                                      Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            147
     SECTION 8          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                On July 30, 2025, the 16th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of the Company
                considered and approved resolutions including the Resolution on the Additional Appointment of
                Non-executive Directors, the Resolution on the Election of Vice Chairman and the Resolution on
                Adjusting Members of the Specialized Committees of the Board of Directors.

                On August 28, 2025, the 17th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of the
                Company considered and approved resolutions including the Resolution on the 2025 Semi-annual
                Report of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the 2025 Interim Profit Distribution Plan,
                the Resolution on the Capital Increase of China Securities (International) Finance Holding Co.,
                Ltd., the Resolution on the Improving the Management of Bad Debt Write-Offs, the Resolution
                on Amending the CSC Financial Co., Ltd. Margin Trading and Securities Lending Business
                Management Measures and the Resolution on Convening the Extraordinary General Meeting, and
                heard reports including the Report on the Analysis of Business Performance and Financial Status
                for the First Half of 2025, the Report on 2025 Interim Risk Management Work, the Report on
                2025 Interim Compliance Management Work, the Report on 2025 Interim Anti-Money Laundering
                Compliance Management Work, the Report on Notification of Typical Issues Regarding Money
                Laundering Risks and Anti-Money Laundering Performance in Securities Companies and the Report
                on 2025 Interim Internal Audit Work.

                On October 30, 2025, the 18th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of the
                Company considered and approved resolutions including the Resolution on 2025 Third Quarterly
                Report of the CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on Discontinuing the Supervisory Committee
                and Related Matters, the Resolution on Amendments to the Articles of Association, the Rules
                of Procedure of the General Meeting and the Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors, the
                Resolution on Amendments to the Rules of Procedures for the Special Committees under the
                Board of Directors and the Resolution on 2024 Gross Payroll Settlement Plan, and heard reports
                including the Report on the Analysis of Business Performance and Financial Status for the First
                Three Quarters of 2025 and the Report on the Application Status of Large AI Models.

                On December 30, 2025, the 19th meeting of the third session of the Board of Directors of
                the Company considered and approved resolutions including the Resolution on the Additional
                Appointment of Members to the Specialized Committees of the Board of Directors, the Resolution
                on the Amendments to the Comprehensive Risk Management System, the Resolution on
                Formulation of the Consolidated Management System, the Resolution on the Amendments to
                Administrative System for Internal Audit, the Resolution on the Amendments to Information
                Disclosure Related Systems and the Resolution on Hiring External Professional Institutions to
                Conduct Effectiveness Evaluation of Compliance Management.

           (VII) Implementation of Resolutions by the Board Approved at the General Meetings

                During the Reporting Period, the implementation of resolutions by the Board approved at General
                Meetings were mainly as follows:

                (1)   On June 27, 2025, the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company considered and
                      approved the Resolution on the 2024 Profit Distribution Plan. The 2024 profit distribution of
                      the Company was carried out in the form of a cash dividend, with a total cash dividend of
                      RMB1,279,854,641.51 (tax inclusive), which was fully distributed on August 21, 2025.

                (2)   On June 27, 2025, the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company considered and
                      approved the Resolution on the Expected Daily Related Party Transactions/Continuing
                      Connected Transactions in 2025. For details of the actual implementation of the Company’s
                      daily connected transactions during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Significant Events
                      -Major Connected Transactions” of this report.

148 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                     SECTION 8                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     (3)     On June 27, 2025, the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company considered and
             approved the Resolution on the Reappointment of 2025 Accounting Firms. KPMG Huazhen
             LLP and KPMG have completed the audit work for the Company for 2025.

     (4)     On November 21, 2025, the 2025 Fourth Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company
             considered and approved the Resolution on the 2025 Interim Profit Distribution Plan.
             The 2025 interim profit distribution of the Company was carried out in the form of a cash
             dividend, with a total cash dividend of RMB1,279,854,641.51 (tax inclusive), which was fully
             distributed within two months following the convening of that General Meeting.

     (5)     On November 21, 2025, the 2025 Fourth Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company
             considered and approved the Resolution on Abolishment of the Supervisory Committee and
             Relevant Matters, the Resolution on Amendments to the Articles of Association, the Rules
             of Procedures for General Meetings and the Rules of Procedures for Board Meetings. The
             Company completed the relevant corporate registration filings in December 2025.

(VIII) Attendances of Board Meetings and General Meetings by Directors

                                                                                                                    Attendances of
                                                                                                                        General
                                                              Attendances of Board Meetings                            Meetings
                                                                                                      Whether the
                                                                                                      Director failed
                                       Scheduled                                                      to attend two
                                       attendance                                                      consecutive
                           Whether        at Board                   Attendance                        meetings in Attendance at
                       Independent meetings for Attendance            by way of Attendance               person or       General
      Name of Director Director or not     the year in person telecommunication by proxy      Absence           not     Meetings


      LIU Cheng                 No             7          7                  2          0           0         No              3/3
      LI Min                    No             8          8                  7          0           0         No              5/5
      ZHU Yong                  No             2          2                  0          0           0         No              1/1
      JIN Jianhua               No             8          8                  3          0           0         No              5/5
      YAN Xiaolei               No             8          8                  8          0           0         No              5/5
      WANG Guanglong            No             2          2                  0          0           0         No              1/1
      YANG Dong                 No             8          8                  1          0           0         No              5/5
      HUA Shurui                No             8          8                  2          0           0         No              5/5
      WANG Hua                  No             8          8                  4          0           0         No              5/5
      DAI Bo                    No             1          1                  0          0           0         No              0/0
      PO Wai Kwong             Yes             8          8                  8          0           0         No              5/5
      LAI Guanrong             Yes             8          8                  7          0           0         No              5/5
      ZHANG Zheng              Yes             8          8                  8          0           0         No              5/5
      WU Xi                    Yes             8          8                  8          0           0         No              5/5
      ZHENG Wei                Yes             8          8                  8          0           0         No              5/5
      WANG Changqing            No             1          1                  0          0           0         No              2/2
         (Resigned)
      LIU Yanming               No             6          6                  2          0           0         No              4/4
         (Resigned)

     Note:   “Attendances” include on-site attendance and communication attendance. “Actual attendance” shall be listed
             in the form of “actual attendance/scheduled attendance”




                                                                 Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                          149
     SECTION 8             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                  Board meetings convened during the year                                                               8
                  Including: On-site meetings                                                                           7
                  Meetings convened by way of telecommunication                                                         1
                  On-site meetings with telecommunication                                                               7

           (IX)   Training of Directors

                  The Company attached great importance to and continued to meet the training demands of
                  each Director. By fully leveraging the training platforms of regulatory authorities, self-regulatory
                  organizations and stock exchanges, the Company organized internal training, coordinated the
                  participation of external trainings, and provided written materials to assist Directors in continuously
                  receiving trainings related to the performance of their duties to ensure that they keep abreast of the
                  latest developments of the Company and the latest requirements of relevant laws, regulations and
                  regulatory rules.

                  In 2025, the training received by each of the Directors of the Company was rich and diverse in
                  content, covering various thematic categories such as interpretation of domestic and foreign
                  laws, regulations, policies, and market situations, artificial intelligence applications, analysis of and
                  improvement directions for ESG policies, and case studies on administrative penalties against listed
                  companies. Newly appointed Directors also received training related to their first appointment,
                  covering topics such as regulatory concepts and practices for listed companies, key points on the
                  performance of duties by key minority members and the management of shareholding changes,
                  corporate governance, and norms for the performance of duties by directors. In addition, the
                  Company provided “Daily Information Briefs” daily to assist Directors in staying abreast of policy
                  developments and industry trends, and provided “Operation Updates” monthly to assist Directors
                  in keeping abreast of the overall situation of the Company’s operations. During the Reporting
                  Period, the training of Directors of the Company met the requirements of regulatory authorities and
                  stock exchanges, and the average duration of training related to the performance of their duties
                  exceeded 15 hours.




150 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                SECTION 8                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


From the Reporting Period to the disclosure date, all newly appointed Directors of the Company
have obtained the legal advice as stipulated in Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules before
taking office and understood their responsibilities as Directors of the Company. The dates on which
new Directors of the Company obtained legal advice and the record of continuous professional
development training relating to duties as well as regulatory and business development that have
been received by the current Directors during the Reporting Period were summarized as follows:

                                                                       Date of Obtaining
                                                                       Legal Opinion by
                                                                       Newly Appointed
 Directors                                                                 Directors     Type of training (Note)


 Executive Directors
 LIU Cheng                                                               March 4, 2025                  A/B
 JIN Jianhua                                                                   /                        A/B

 Non-executive Directors
 LI Min                                                                      /                          A/B
 ZHU Yong                                                             August 13, 2025                   A/B
 YAN Xiaolei                                                                 /                          A/B
 WANG Guanglong                                                       August 13, 2025                   A/B
 YANG Dong                                                                   /                          A/B
 HUA Shurui                                                                  /                          A/B
 WANG Hua                                                                    /                          A/B
 DAI Bo                                                              November 19, 2025                  A/B

 Independent Non-executive Directors
 PO Wai Kwong                                                                    /                      A/B
 LAI Guanrong                                                                    /                      A/B
 ZHANG Zheng                                                                     /                      A/B
 WU Xi                                                                           /                      A/B
 ZHENG Wei                                                                       /                      A/B

Note:   Types of Training

        A:      Attending training sessions, including but not limited to regulatory training, seminars, conference and
                workshops.

        B:      Reading relevant newsletters, newspapers, periodicals, magazines and relevant publications.




                                                         Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                       151
     SECTION 8             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


           (X)    Directors Nomination Policy

                  Article 117 of the Articles of Association specifies the methods and procedures to nominate
                  Directors: (1) the candidates for Directors may be nominated by the Board of Directors based
                  on the number of Directors to be elected subject to the number specified by the Articles of
                  Association; (2) Shareholder(s) individually or collectively holding more than one percent of the
                  Shares of the Company may nominate the candidates for Directors, but the number of persons
                  nominated shall comply with the provisions of the Articles of Association and shall not exceed
                  the number of persons to be elected; (3) before the convening of General Meetings of the
                  Company, candidates for Directors shall make written commitments stating their acceptance of
                  the nomination, confirming that the information of candidates for Directors is true and complete,
                  and undertaking to faithfully perform the duties of Directors if elected; (4) the written notices of
                  the intention to nominate a candidate for election as a Director and the acceptance of nomination
                  by such candidate, shall be given to the Company no less than seven days prior to the date of
                  convening General Meetings; (5) the period given by the Company to relevant nominators and
                  nominees to submit the aforesaid notices and documents (which period shall commence from
                  the day following the date of despatch of the notice of General Meetings) shall be no less than
                  seven days. In addition, the Board of Directors of the Company and Shareholders individually
                  or collectively holding more than one percent (1%) of the issued Shares of the Company may
                  nominate candidates for independent Directors provided that the number of persons nominated
                  shall comply with the provisions of the Articles of Association and shall not exceed the number of
                  persons to be elected. Also, Article 123 of the Articles of Association stipulates: The Company’s
                  Board of Directors shall include Independent Directors. There shall be no less than three
                  Independent Directors and they shall constitute no less than one-third of the Board of Directors.
                  At least one accounting professional shall be included among the Independent Directors, and
                  one Independent Director shall reside in Hong Kong. Apart from the qualifications and obligations
                  provided in the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association concerning relevant Directors,
                  an Independent Director shall also have the independence required by the securities regulatory
                  authorities and the stock exchanges in the places where the Company’s Shares are listed.

                  The Remuneration and Nomination Committee will consider the following factors when evaluating
                  Director candidates: including but not limited to personal reputation; achievements and experience
                  in the financial services industry, especially in the securities industry; time availability; diversity of
                  the Board in all aspects, including but not limited to regulatory requirements, gender, age, cultural
                  and educational background, work experience, professional experience and years of service.

           (XI)   Dealing in Securities by Directors

                  The Company has adopted the Model Code contained in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing
                  Rules in respect of the securities transactions entered into by the Directors. The Company has
                  made specific inquiries to all Directors on any issues which are in non-compliance with the Model
                  Code. All the Directors have completely complied with the provisions and standards set out in the
                  Model Code during the Reporting Period and up to the disclosure date of this report.

                  References to Directors in this paragraph shall also include Supervisors who served during the
                  Reporting Period.




152 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                        SECTION 8              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


III.   SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

       (I)   Development Strategy Committee

             1.   Duties of the Committee

                  The Development Strategy Committee is principally responsible for researching and advising
                  the Company’s long-term development strategy and major investment decisions. As of the
                  end of the Reporting Period, the Development Strategy Committee comprises 9 Directors,
                  namely Mr. LIU Cheng, Mr. LI Min, Mr. ZHU Yong, Mr. JIN Jianhua, Mr. WANG Guanglong,
                  Ms. HUA Shurui, Ms. WANG Hua, Mr. DAI Bo and Mr. LAI Guanrong. Mr. LIU Cheng is the
                  current Chairman of the Development Strategy Committee.

                  As specified in the Articles of Association, the primary duties of the Development Strategy
                  Committee are as follows: (1) understanding and mastering the overall operations of the
                  Company; (2) understanding, analyzing and mastering the current conditions of international
                  and domestic markets; (3) understanding and mastering relevant policies of the State; (4)
                  understanding the cultural construction of the Company, evaluating the operation status
                  of the Company’s cultural concept and strategy integration development mechanism, and
                  improving the compatibility between the Company’s culture and development strategy;
                  (5) studying the short, medium and long-term development strategies of the Company or
                  the relevant issues; (6) providing consultancy advice on the Company’s major decisions
                  on long-term development strategy and major investments, reform etc.; (7) reviewing and
                  approving specific research reports on development strategies; (8) conducting research on
                  the Company’s sustainability/ESG management and providing decision-making consulting
                  suggestions, urging the Company to strengthen communication with stakeholders on
                  important sustainability/ESG matters, reviewing the Company’s sustainability/ESG reports
                  and providing suggestions to the Board of Directors; (9) issuing routine research reports
                  regularly or from time to time; and (10) other duties determined by the Board of Directors
                  and other duties required by the listing rules or regulatory requirements of the places where
                  the Company’s shares are listed.

             2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee

                  During the Reporting Period, the Development Strategy Committee convened meetings and
                  performed its duties in accordance with the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure
                  of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and other
                  provisions and requirements. In 2025, a total of 4 meetings were held, the details of which
                  were as follows:

                   Date of Meeting      Subject Matters


                   March 26, 2025       The Resolution on the 2024 Operation Report of the Executive
                                          Management was considered
                   April 28, 2025       The Resolution on the 2025 Work Plan of the Company and the
                                          Resolution on the 2025 Financial Plan of the Company were
                                          considered
                   August 27, 2025      The Resolution on the Report on the Analysis of Business Performance
                                          and Financial Status for the First Half of 2025 and the Resolution
                                          on the Capital Increase of China Securities (International) Finance
                                          Holding Co., Ltd. were considered
                   October 29, 2025     The Resolution on Amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the
                                          Development Strategy Committee of the Board of Directors was
                                          considered


                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             153
     SECTION 8         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                3.   Attendance of Meetings of the Development Strategy Committee

                                                                                                                  Actual
                                                                                                            attendance/
                                                                                                             Scheduled
                      Name                   Position in the Board and the Committee                         attendance


                      LIU Cheng              Chairman, Executive Director and Chairman of the                        4/4
                                               Development Strategy Committee
                      LI Min                 Vice Chairman of the Board, Non-executive Director                      4/4
                                               and Member of the Development Strategy
                                               Committee
                      ZHU Yong               Vice Chairman of the Board, Non-executive Director                      1/1
                                               and Member of the Development Strategy
                                               Committee
                      JIN Jianhua            Executive Director and Member of the Development                        4/4
                                               Strategy Committee
                      WANG Guanglong         Non-executive Director and Member of the                                1/1
                                               Development Strategy Committee
                      HUA Shurui             Non-executive Director and Member of the                                4/4
                                               Development Strategy Committee
                      WANG Hua               Non-executive Director and Member of the                                4/4
                                               Development Strategy Committee
                      DAI Bo                 Non-executive Director, Employee representative                         0/0
                                               director and Member of the Development Strategy
                                               Committee
                      LAI Guanrong           Independent Non-executive Director and Member of                        4/4
                                               the Development Strategy Committee
                      WANG Changqing         Chairman, Executive Director and Chairman of the
                        (Resigned)           Development Strategy Committee                                          0/0
                      LIU Yanming            Non-executive Director and Member of the
                        (Resigned)             Development Strategy Committee                                        3/3
                      YANG Dong              Non-executive Director and Member of the
                        (Former)               Development Strategy Committee                                        3/3

                     Note:   ZHU Yong and WANG Guanglong, all of whom are Directors, have served as Members of the
                             Development Strategy Committee under the Board of Directors since August 29, 2025; DAI Bo, who
                             is a Director, has served as Member of the Development Strategy Committee under the Board of
                             Directors since December 30, 2025.




154 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                  SECTION 8              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(II)   Risk Management Committee

       1.   Duties of the Committee

            The Risk Management Committee shall be mainly responsible to monitor the overall risk
            management of the Company and control such risks within reasonable limits, so as to
            ensure that the Company may implement effective risk management plans with respect
            to various risks related to the operating activities of the Company. As of the end of the
            Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee comprises seven Directors, namely
            Mr. YANG Dong, Mr. JIN Jianhua, Mr. YAN Xiaolei, Ms. HUA Shurui, Ms. WANG Hua,
            Mr. ZHANG Zheng and Mr. ZHENG Wei. Mr. YANG Dong is the Chairman of the Risk
            Management Committee.

            As specified in the Articles of Association, the primary duties of the Risk Management
            Committee are as follows: (1) to review and advise on the general objectives and basic
            policies of compliance management and risk management; (2) to define the strategic
            structures and resource allocation for the risk management and consolidated management
            of the Company, ensuring alignment with the risk management and consolidated
            management policies of the Company; (3) to review and advise on the establishment and
            duties of the institution for compliance management and risk management; (4) to evaluate
            the risks relating to major decisions to be considered by the Board and the solutions for
            such major risks, and to provide advice in this regard; (5) to define the limits of major
            risks; (6) to supervise, examine and make recommendation to the Board on relevant risk
            management policies; (7) to review the compliance reports and risk evaluation reports
            required to be considered by the Board, and providing advice in this regard; (8) other
            duties determined by the Board of Directors and other duties required by the listing rules or
            regulatory requirements of the places where the Company’s shares are listed.

       2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee

            During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee convened meetings and
            performed its duties in accordance with the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure
            for the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and other
            provisions and requirements. In 2025, a total of 5 meetings were held, the details of which
            were as follows:

             Date of Meeting             Subject Matters


             March 26, 2025              The Resolution on the 2024 Compliance Report of CSC
                                         Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the 2024 Anti-Money
                                         Laundering Work Report of the Company, the Resolution
                                         on the 2024 Internal Control Evaluation Report of CSC
                                         Financial Co., Ltd. and the Resolution on the 2025 Anti-
                                         Money Laundering Work Plan of CSC Financial Co., Ltd. were
                                         considered
             April 28, 2025              The Resolution on the 2024 Risk Report of CSC Financial Co.,
                                         Ltd., the Resolution on the 2025 Risk Management Policies
                                         and the Resolution on the 2025 Self-Operated Investment
                                         Quota were considered. The Report on the Special Audit of
                                         Anti-Money Laundering Work and the Report on the 2024
                                         Self-Assessment of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing
                                         Risks were heard


                                                     Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             155
     SECTION 8            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                         Date of Meeting               Subject Matters


                         August 27, 2025               the 2025 Interim Risk Management Work Report of the
                                                       Company, the 2025 Interim Compliance Management Work
                                                       Report of the Company and the 2025 Interim Anti-Money
                                                       Laundering Compliance Management Work Report of the
                                                       Company were considered
                         October 29, 2025              The Resolution on Amendments to the Rules of Procedure for
                                                       the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors
                                                       of the Company was considered. The Report on Risk
                                                       Management for the 2025 First Three Quarters was heard
                         December 29, 2025             The Resolution on Amendments to the Comprehensive Risk
                                                       Management System and the Resolution on the Formulation of
                                                       the Consolidated Management System were considered

                   3.   Attendance of Meetings of the Risk Management Committee

                                                                                                                 Actual
                                                                                                           attendance/
                                                                                                            Scheduled
                         Name                 Position in the Board and the Committee                       attendance


                         YANG Dong            Non-executive Director and Chairman of the Risk                       5/5
                                                Management Committee
                         JIN Jianhua          Executive Director and Member of the Risk Management                  5/5
                                                Committee
                         YAN Xiaolei          Non-executive Director and Member of the Risk                         5/5
                                                Management Committee
                         HUA Shurui           Non-executive Director and Member of the Risk                         2/2
                                                Management Committee
                         WANG Hua             Non-executive Director and Member of the Risk                         5/5
                                                Management Committee
                         ZHANG Zheng          Independent Non-executive Director and Member of the                  5/5
                                                Risk Management Committee
                         ZHENG Wei            Independent Non-executive Director and Member of the                  5/5
                                                Risk Management Committee

                        Note:   Ms. HUA Shurui has served as a Member of the Risk Management Committee under the Board of
                                Directors since August 29, 2025.


           (III)   Audit Committee

                   1.   Duties of the Committee

                        The Audit Committee is responsible for the review of the financial information of the
                        Company and its disclosure, supervision and evaluation of the internal and external audit
                        work and the internal control of the Company. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
                        Audit Committee comprises five Directors, namely Mr. WU Xi, Mr. ZHU Yong, Mr. YAN
                        Xiaolei, Mr. PO Wai Kwong and Mr. ZHENG Wei. Mr. WU Xi is the Chairman of the Audit
                        Committee.




156 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
           SECTION 8              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     As specified in the Articles of Association, the primary duties of the Audit Committee are as
     follows: (1) to supervise and evaluate the external audit work, propose to engage or change
     the external auditor, and supervise the practice of external auditors; (2) to supervise the
     annual audit and make judgment on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the
     audited information contained in the financial reports before submitting the reports to the
     Board of Directors; (3) to supervise and evaluate the internal audit work, and be responsible
     for the coordination between the internal audit and the external audit; (4) to review the
     financial information of the Company and its disclosure; (5) to supervise and evaluate the
     internal control of the Company; (6) to supervise and inspect the performance of duties
     by the Board of Directors and senior management in risk management and consolidated
     statement management, and urge rectification; (7) to exercise the functions and powers
     of the Board of Supervisors stipulated in Article 78 of the Company Law; (8) other duties
     determined by the Board of Directors and other duties required by the listing rules or
     regulatory requirements of the places where the Company’s shares are listed.

     In addition, the following matters shall be submitted to the Board of Directors for
     consideration upon obtaining of approval from more than half of members of the Audit
     Committee: (1) disclosing financial information and internal control evaluation reports in
     financial and accounting reports and regular reports; (2) engagement or dismissal of the
     accounting firm that undertakes the audit business of the listing company; (3) engagement
     or dismissal of the Chief Financial Officer; (4) changes in accounting policies, accounting
     estimates or corrections of significant accounting errors resulting from reasons other than
     changes in accounting standards; (5) other matters as stipulated by laws, administrative
     regulations, regulations of securities regulatory authorities and the Articles of Association.

2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee

     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee convened meetings and performed its
     duties in accordance with the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure for the Audit
     Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and other provisions and requirements.
     In 2025, a total of 7 meetings were held, the details of which were as follows:

      Date of Meeting      Subject Matters


      January 14, 2025  The Report on the Financial and Accounting Statements in 2024 and
                        the Report on the 2024 External Audit Work Plan of the Company
                        were heard
      February 20, 2025 The Report on the Financial and Accounting Statements Initially
                        Audited by Annual Audit Accountants for 2024 was heard
      March 25, 2025    The Resolution on the 2024 External Audit Work, the Resolution on the
                        2024 Final Financial Accounts Plan, the Resolution on the 2024 Annual
                        Report of CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution on 2024 Internal
                        Audit Work and 2025 Work Plan, the Resolution on the 2024 Internal
                        Control Evaluation Report of CSC Financial Co., Ltd., the Resolution
                        on the Report on the Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee of
                        the Board of CSC Financial Co., Ltd. for 2024, the Resolution on the
                        Report on the Supervision of the Performance of Duties of Accounting
                        Firms by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of CSC
                        Financial Co., Ltd. in 2024, the Resolution on the Evaluation Report on
                        the Performance of Duties by Accounting Firms of CSC Financial Co.,
                        Ltd. in 2024 and the Resolution on the Renewing the Appointment of
                        the Accounting Firms in 2025 were considered


                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              157
     SECTION 8         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                      Date of Meeting        Subject Matters


                      April 28, 2025         The Resolution on the 2025 First Quarterly Report of CSC Financial
                                             Co., Ltd. and The Resolution on the Expected Daily Related Party
                                             Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions of the Company in
                                             2025 were considered
                      August 27, 2025        The Resolution on the 2025 Interim Review Work Report, the
                                             Resolution on the 2025 Semi-annual Report of CSC Financial Co.,
                                             Ltd. and the Resolution on the 2025 Interim Internal Audit Work
                                             Report were considered. The Report on the 2025 First Half Analysis of
                                             Business Performance and Financial Status was heard
                      October 28, 2025       The Resolution on the 2025 Third Quarterly Report of CSC Financial
                                             Co., Ltd. and The Resolution on Amendments to the Rules of
                                             Procedure for the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors were
                                             considered. The Report on the Analysis of Business Performance and
                                             Financial Status for the First Three Quarters of 2025 was heard
                      December 29,           The Resolution on Amendments to the Administrative System
                      2025                   for Internal Audit, the Resolution on Hiring External Professional
                                             Institutions to Conduct Effectiveness Evaluation of Compliance
                                             Management and the Resolution on Amendments to the Annual Report
                                             Work Procedures for the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
                                             were considered

                3.   Attendance of Meetings of the Audit Committee

                                                                                                                 Actual
                                                                                                           attendance/
                                                                                                            Scheduled
                      Name                 Position in the Board and the Committee                          attendance


                      WU Xi                Independent Non-executive Director and Chairman of the                   7/7
                                             Audit Committee
                      ZHU Yong             Vice Chairman of the Board, Non-executive Director and                   2/2
                                             Member of the Audit Committee
                      YAN Xiaolei          Non-executive Director and Member of the Audit                           7/7
                                             Committee
                      PO Wai Kwong         Independent Non-executive Director and Member of the                     7/7
                                             Audit Committee
                      ZHENG Wei            Independent Non-executive Director and Member of the                     7/7
                                             Audit Committee
                      HUA Shurui           Non-executive Director and Member of the Audit                           5/5
                       (Former)              Committee

                     Note:   Mr. ZHU Yong has served as a Member of the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors since
                             August 29, 2025.




158 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                  SECTION 8             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(IV)   Remuneration and Nomination Committee

       1.   Duties of the Committee

            As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
            comprises nine Directors, namely Mr. LAI Guanrong, Mr. LIU Cheng, Mr. LI Min, Mr. YANG
            Dong, Ms. WANG Hua, Mr. PO Wai Kwong, Mr. ZHANG Zheng, Mr. WU Xi, and Mr. ZHENG
            Wei. Mr. LAI Guanrong is the Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

            As specified in the Articles of Association, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is
            mainly responsible for formulation of the appraisal standards of the Company’s Directors
            and senior management, as well as conducting appraisal; formulation and examination of
            remuneration policy and proposal for the Company’s Directors and the senior management
            (including but not limited to performance evaluation standards, procedures and major
            evaluation systems, major programs and systems of incentives and penalties); Formulate
            the selection criteria and procedures for Directors and senior management, select and
            review candidates for Directors and senior management and their qualifications, and make
            recommendations to the Board of Directors on the following matters: (1) remuneration of
            Directors and senior management; (2) formulate or change equity incentive plans, employee
            stock ownership plans, incentive objects to obtain authorized benefits, and the achievement
            of the conditions for exercising rights and interests; (3) Directors and senior management
            arrange stock ownership plans in the subsidiaries to be spun off; (4) nominate or appoint
            or remove Directors; (5) appoint or dismiss senior management; (6) other duties determined
            by the Board of Directors and other duties required by the listing rules or regulatory
            requirements of the places where the Company’s shares are listed.

       2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee

            During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee convened
            meetings and performed its duties in accordance with the Articles of Association, the Rules
            of Procedure of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors
            of the Company and other provisions and requirements. In 2025, a total of 5 meetings were
            held, the details of which were as follows:

             Date of Meeting                   Subject Matters


             February 19, 2025                 The Resolution on Nomination of Executive Directors
                                               of the Company and the Resolution on Appointment of
                                               Senior Management of the Company were considered
             March 26, 2025                    The Resolution on the 2024 Appraisal of the Chief
                                               Compliance Officer was considered
             June 19, 2025                     The Resolution on the Additional Appointment of Non-
                                               executive Directors and the Resolution on Appointment
                                               of Senior Management were considered
             July 29, 2025                     The Resolution on the Additional Appointment of Non-
                                               Executive Directors was considered
             October 29, 2025                  The Resolution on Amendments to the Rules of
                                               Procedure for the Remuneration and Nomination
                                               Committee of the Board of Directors and the Resolution
                                               on 2024 Gross Payroll Settlement Plan were considered




                                                    Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            159
     SECTION 8         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                3.   Attendance of Meetings of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee

                                                                                                                Actual
                                                                                                          attendance/
                                                                                                           Scheduled
                      Name                   Position in the Board and the Committee                       attendance


                      LAI Guanrong           Independent Non-executive Director and Chairman of                    5/5
                                               the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                      LIU Cheng              Chairman, Executive Director and Member of the                        4/4
                                               Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                      LI Min                 Vice Chairman of the Board, Non-executive Director                    5/5
                                               and Member of the Remuneration and Nomination
                                               Committee
                      YANG Dong              Non-executive Director and Member of the Remuneration                 5/5
                                               and Nomination Committee
                      WANG Hua               Non-executive Director and Member of the Remuneration                 0/0
                                               and Nomination Committee
                      PO Wai Kwong           Independent Non-executive Director and Member of the                  5/5
                                               Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                      ZHANG Zheng            Independent Non-executive Director and Member of the                   5/5
                                               Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                      WU Xi                  Independent Non-executive Director and Member of the                   5/5
                                               Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                      ZHENG Wei              Independent Non-executive Director and Member of the                   0/0
                                               Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                      WANG Changqing         Chairman, Executive Director and Member of the                         1/1
                       (Resigned)              Remuneration and Nomination Committee

                     Note:   Mr. LIU Cheng has served as Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee under the
                             Board of Directors since March 13, 2025; Ms. WANG Hua, Mr. ZHENG Wei have served as Members
                             of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors since December 30,
                             2025.




160 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                          SECTION 8              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


IV.   REVIEW OF THE ANNUAL RESULTS BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

      The Audit Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Company for the year ended 31 December
      2025.

V.    DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The following statement of directors’ responsibilities for the financial statements shall be read in
      conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit
      report of this report. Each responsibility statement shall be understood separately.

      The Directors of the Company confirm that they are responsible for preparing financial statements for
      each financial year that give a true and fair view of the Company’s operating results. To the knowledge
      of the Directors, there are no events or conditions that shall be disclosed but have not been disclosed,
      which may have a material adverse impact on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

VI.   COMPANY SECRETARIES

      Mr. LIU Naisheng, as the secretary to the Board and a joint company secretary of the Company, is
      responsible for making recommendations to the Board on matters related to corporate governance and
      ensures that Board’s policies and procedures as well as applicable laws, rules and regulations are strictly
      followed.

      In order to maintain sound corporate governance and to ensure the Company strictly complies with
      the Listing Rules and applicable Hong Kong laws, during the Reporting Period, the Company has
      also appointed Ms. WONG Wai Ling of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, as the
      Company’s joint company secretary, to assist Mr. LIU Naisheng in discharging the duties of a company
      secretary. Mr. LIU Naisheng has attended necessary trainings on, including laws and regulations of the
      place where the Shares of the Company are listed, the Listing Rules, Director and Board secretaries’
      duties, rules on information disclosure, rules on related party/connected transactions, notifiable
      transactions, securities dealings of Directors and senior management, disclosure of interests and rules on
      market misconduct, and the implementation of relevant internal policies. Meanwhile, Mr. LIU Naisheng has
      passed the examination for the secretary to the Board and subsequent training organized by the SSE and
      continuously possessed the qualification for acting as the secretary to the Board. Both Mr. LIU Naisheng
      and Ms. WONG Wai Ling confirmed that they received not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
      training for 2025 as of December 31, 2025.

      During the Reporting Period, the secretary to the Board and a joint company secretary of the Company
      have fully performed their respective duties under the law and the Listing Rules, ensuring that the
      Company’s corporate governance practices and operations remain in compliance with regulatory
      requirements.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             161
     SECTION 8            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     VII. INVESTOR RELATIONS

           The Company has paid attention to maintaining investor relations and promoted the standardized
           operation of the Company and protected the rights and interests of investors through comprehensive
           and effective investor relations management. The Company has actively performed the duties of a listed
           company, strengthened the investor relations management, established and improved the investor
           relations management system, established an investor relations management team led by the secretary
           of the Board of Directors, built effective communication channels between the Company and investors,
           promoted the positive relationship between the Company and investors, and made efforts to enhance the
           investors’ sense of gain and satisfaction.

           In 2025, after the publication of its annual, semi-annual and third-quarter results, the Company held
           performance briefings in a timely manner by way of live broadcast or online interaction, to extensively
           collect and actively respond to market concerns. The Company actively organized investor communication
           activities such as roadshows, invited analysts and institutional investors for research, continuously
           strengthened communication with the market, and worked to enhance the capital market’s discovery
           and recognition of the Company’s investment value. The Company also attached great importance to the
           communication with and maintenance of small and medium-sized investors and responded to the inquiries
           of investors through various means, such as the investor contact hotline, investor contact email and the
           “e-interactive platform” of the SSE, so that investors could understand the situation of the Company more
           conveniently and quickly. Meanwhile, the Company fully realized the importance of mutual growth of itself
           and the investors and submitted the investors’ suggestions to the executive management and relevant
           departments in a timely manner, so as to promote the continuous improvement in the governance and
           value creation ability of the Company. In the management of investor relations, the Company strictly
           complied with various regulatory requirements in relation to information disclosure. During the Reporting
           Period, the Company assessed the implementation and effectiveness of its investor relations activities.
           After evaluating annual shareholder communication data, feedback and opinions, regulatory compliance
           requirements and market practices, it was indicated that the Company’s shareholder communication
           policy has been implemented effectively overall, with timely and standardized information disclosure and
           diverse and effective channels for shareholder communication.

     VIII. PROCEDURES FOR PROCESSING AND RELEASING INSIDE INFORMATION

           The Company formulated the Information Disclosure Management Measures of the Company and the
           Insider Registration Management System for the Inside Information of the Company to set out the
           principles, division of duties and responsibilities on information disclosure, and the procedures for
           processing and disclosing inside information and determining other information required to be disclosed,
           as well as insiders management for the inside information. Pursuant to such policies, the Company must,
           as soon as reasonably practicable when any inside information has come to its knowledge or a false
           market may be formed, disclose such information to the public.

           During the Reporting Period, the Company revised such policies and implemented them upon review
           and approval by the Board. The Company has truthfully, accurately and completely disclosed information
           strictly in compliance with the requirements of domestic and overseas laws and regulations, Listing
           Rules, Articles of Association and such policies without any false records, misleading statements or
           material omissions, to ensure investors will be able to receive the disclosed information in a timely, fair
           and effective manner. The Company conducted the registration and management of insiders with access
           to inside information in a compliant and orderly manner, and no violations of regulations such as inside
           information leakage have occurred.




162 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                           SECTION 8              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


IX.   COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

      The General Meeting is the body exercising the authority of the Company, and Shareholders shall exercise
      the powers and duties in accordance with the laws and regulations, the Articles of Association and the
      Rules of Procedures for the General Meeting of the Company.

      The rights of the Shareholders are specified in the Articles of Association. The Company has convened the
      General Meeting in strict compliance with the relevant rules and procedures such that all Shareholders,
      especially minority Shareholders, are treated equally and can fully exercise their own legitimate rights.
      Shareholder(s) that hold, individually or collectively, more than 10% of the Shares with voting rights in the
      Company shall have the right to request in writing the Board to convene an extraordinary General Meeting.
      When the Company convenes a General Meeting, the Board, the Audit Committee and Shareholder(s) that
      hold, individually or collectively, more than 1% of the Shares in the Company have the right to propose
      motions to the Company. The Shareholders may attend and vote at General Meetings in person or by
      proxy. The detailed applicable rules are set out in the Articles of Association. The Articles of Association
      are available on the official websites of the Company, the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The General Meeting provides opportunities for communications between the Company and its
      Shareholders. The Company encourages Shareholders to attend General Meetings in person, or if they
      fail to attend such meetings, to appoint proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their
      behalf. The Company welcomes all Shareholders to attend General Meetings and makes appropriate
      arrangements for General Meetings to encourage Shareholders to attend the meetings. The Company’s
      Directors and relevant senior management will attend General Meetings. In accordance with the Corporate
      Governance Code of Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Chairman of the Board and the chairperson of
      special committees under the Board shall attend the Annual General Meeting and answer questions at
      the meeting and shall ensure that the external auditors shall attend the Annual General Meeting and
      answer the relevant questions raised by Shareholders. The Company shall arrange Directors and senior
      management to answer questions raised by Shareholders during the 2025 Annual General Meeting. The
      detailed procedures of voting and details of the resolutions will be set out in the information or circular of
      General Meetings.

      The Company highly values the opinions, suggestions and concerns of the Shareholders and has assigned
      dedicated persons to proactively carry out various types of investor relation activities to keep in contact
      with Shareholders and timely meet their reasonable demands.

      The Company’s official website (www.csc108.com) provides Shareholders with corporate information,
      such as major business activities and the latest development of the Company, the Company’s corporate
      governance, and the structure and functions of the Board and each of the committees of the Company.
      To serve as a channel promoting effective communication with Shareholders, the “Investor Relations”
      section on the Company’s website also publishes announcements, notices of General Meetings and
      circulars, financial information and other information of the Company required to be disclosed under the
      Listing Rules from time to time. We encourage Shareholders to make enquiries about relevant information
      directly by way of, among others, making calls or sending emails and sending letters to the office address
      of the Company, and deal with above enquiries appropriately in a timely manner. Please refer to the
      section headed “Company Profile and Key Financial Indicators” in this report for the contact details of the
      Company.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               163
     SECTION 8            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     X.    AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

           In order to further improve corporate governance, the Company has made amendments to the Articles
           of Association during the Reporting Period in accordance with the requirements of the CSRC, the SSE,
           the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and other management organizations while also taking into account the
           governance practices of the Company. Such amendments were considered and approved at the 2025
           Fourth Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. The amended Articles of Association took effect
           on November 21, 2025. For details, please refer to the relevant announcement.

     XI.   RISK MANAGEMENT, COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

           The Board, upon reviewing the Company’s risk management, compliance management and internal
           control efforts during the Reporting Period, was of the view that the risk management, compliance
           management and internal control systems of the Company were effective and adequate.

           (I)    Risk Management

                  For the objectives and policies of risk management of the Company, please refer to “Risk
                  Management” of this annual report.

                  The Board confirms its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and
                  reviews the effectiveness of such systems at least once a year. Such systems are designed to
                  manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide
                  reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

           (II)   Compliance Management

                  The Company has established a four-level compliance management structural system comprising
                  the Board, Chief Compliance Officer, Legal and Compliance Department and the people in charge
                  of compliance management across business departments, branches, and subsidiaries at all levels.
                  The compliance management system with the Chief Compliance Officer as the core is independent
                  from the operations management system of the Company and has the right to independently issue
                  compliance reports.

                  The Board of the Company determines the objectives of compliance management and is
                  responsible for the effectiveness of compliance management of the Company, the executive
                  management is responsible for implementing the targets of compliance management and is
                  responsible for compliance operation of the Company; heads of all departments, all branches
                  and all subsidiaries at all levels of the Company are responsible for implementing the targets of
                  compliance management of the entity and are responsible for compliance operation of the entity.

                  The Company’s Chief Compliance Officer, a senior management personnel of the Company, is
                  in charge of the Company’s compliance, directly accountable to the Board, and responsible for
                  reviewing, supervising and examining the compliance of the operations, management and business
                  activities carried out by the Company and its employees.




164 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                     SECTION 8              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


        The Company has established the Legal and Compliance Department as a specific department
        of compliance management, which is under the leadership of the Chief Compliance Officer and
        independently carries out the compliance management of the Company. The main responsibilities of
        the Legal and Compliance Department are to assist the Chief Compliance Officer in formulating and
        amending the compliance management system of the Company and facilitate its implementation; to
        provide compliance suggestions, compliance consultation and compliance training, and guide the
        staff of the Company to accurately understand the laws and regulations and standards; to provide
        compliance advice on review of new products and new businesses of the Company to identify
        and evaluate its compliance risks; to conduct compliance inspection, compliance accountability
        and compliance report, and organize to rationalize and evaluate the compliance of the system
        and procedures of the Company; to conduct compliance monitoring in terms of the compliance
        of, among others, suspicious transactions and employees’ behaviors; to be responsible for
        specific compliance management of the Company such as anti-money laundering, management
        of compliance personnel, information isolation and conflicts of interests; to initiate and facilitate
        compliance cultural construction, and cultivate the compliance awareness of all staff.

        The Company has appointed compliance management personnel as required by the regulatory
        requirements for all business departments and all branches, and the compliance management
        personnel are responsible for compliance management including daily monitoring, inspection,
        management and training in relation to compliance in their entities. The full-time and part-time
        compliance management personnel are assessed by the Company’s Chief Compliance Officer in
        accordance with regulatory requirements.

        The Company has integrated the compliance management of subsidiaries at all levels into a unified
        system, specified compliance management matters of the subsidiaries subject to reporting to
        the Company, conducted reviews on the compliance management system of subsidiaries, and
        supervised and inspected the compliance of behaviors of subsidiaries’ management to ensure
        that the compliance management of the subsidiaries is in compliance with the requirements of the
        Company.

(III)   Internal Control

        The Company has established comprehensive corporate regulatory systems since its inception to
        strengthen its internal control management and control operational risks. Currently, the Company
        has formulated various business and functional management systems and procedures to regulate
        the Company’s operation management and business operations. The Company’s systems embody
        the principles of mutual restraint, checks and balances, and mutual connection and coordination
        among decision-making, execution, supervision, and other links, as well as the principles of
        hierarchical authorization and hierarchical management, which comprehensively cover all the
        businesses and processes of the Company. The Company’s systems are classified into corporate
        governance systems, basic systems, implementation systems, and department management
        systems. The Company has established a dynamic tracking mechanism for new regulations and
        a system re-inspection mechanism to promptly improve its internal systems in accordance with
        laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, self-regulatory rules, etc. The Legal and Compliance
        Department and the Risk Management Department review the Company’s systems to ensure that
        all systems comply with the requirements of laws and regulations.




                                                        Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              165
     SECTION 8             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                  In 2025, the Company promptly followed up on the latest external regulatory requirements and,
                  based on internal business management needs, formulated and revised more than 230 items of
                  internal management systems, including the Employee Handbook (         《員工手冊》   ), the Intellectual
                  Property Management Measures (     《知識產權管理辦法》          ), the External Data Management Measures
                  (
                  《外部數據管理辦法》            ), the Procurement Administration Measures (   《採購管理辦法》       ), the Market
                  Value Management System (       《市值管理制度》        ), the Administrative Measures for the Advisory
                  Business of Publicly Offered Securities Investment Funds (    《公開募集證券投資基金投資顧問業務
                  管理辦法》      ), and the Administrative Measures for Margin Trading and Securities Lending Business
                  (
                  《融資融券業務管理辦法》               ). The formulation and revision of these measures ensure the smooth
                  progress of the Company’s business under the requirements of laws, regulations and regulatory
                  rules, strengthen the Company’s internal management processes, and protect the legitimate rights
                  and interests of shareholders and investors. The Company has established internal control systems
                  for all business and management matters, which have been effectively implemented, achieving the
                  targets of the Company’s internal control.

     XII. APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS

           Please refer to “Engagement or Dismissal of Accounting Firms” of this annual report for the appointment
           of auditors.

           The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the accounts, and the auditors are
           responsible for expressing audit opinions on the financial statements based on their audit work.

           (I)    Non-audit Work

                  During the Reporting Period, KPMG Huazhen was appointed by the Company and its subsidiaries
                  to provide non-audit services, including agreed-upon procedures. Please refer to Note 10 to the
                  consolidated financial statements of this annual report for the charges during the Reporting Period.

           (II)   Basis for Establishment of Internal Control for Financial Report

                  During the Reporting Period, the Company further established and improved the internal control for
                  financial report in continuous compliance with the requirements under the Basic Norms of Internal
                  Control for Enterprises and its ancillary guidelines, Guidance for the Internal Control of Securities
                  Companies and other laws and regulations and rules, and in accordance with the actual situation
                  of the Company.




166 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                        SECTION 8             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


          During the Reporting Period, in strict compliance with the requirements under the Company Law,
          the Accounting Law, the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the Standardization
          of Basic Work of Accounting, the Basic Norms of Internal Control for Enterprises and other
          relevant laws and regulations, and in accordance with the characteristics of the industry and
          the actual situation of the Company, the Company formulated, revised or improved the financial
          and accounting management systems of the Company such as the Implementation Rules for the
          Remuneration and Business Expenses of Enterprise Leader (         《企業負責人履職待遇和業務支出實
          施細則》    ), the Bad Debt Write-Off Management Measures (      《呆帳核銷管理辦法》         ) and the Leasing
          Management Rules for Business Premises (      《經營用房租賃管理規則》            ), and other internal control
          systems. The Company ensured the financial reports prepared by the Company complied with
          the requirements of accounting standards, and could truthfully, accurately and completely reflect
          the relevant information of the Company, such as the financial position, operating results and
          cash flow, by setting up a scientific financial and accounting organization structure, engaging
          qualified financial and accounting professionals, adopting a standardized and strict financial
          and accounting management system, implementing proper accounting policies and reasonable
          accounting estimates and other methods. The Supervisory Committee of the Company and entities
          such as external auditors conducted effective examination and supervision over the finance of
          the Company, and expressed professional audit opinions on the financial reports of the Company
          pursuant to the Articles of Association and the relevant regulations.

          During the Reporting Period, the sound and smoothly-operated internal control system relating
          to the Company’s financial report could safeguard the quality of the financial report and ensure
          the high reliability of the financial information. During the Reporting Period, there was no material
          defect in the internal control relating to the Company’s financial report, and the Company’s annual
          financial report was true, accurate and complete.

XIII. INTERNAL AUDIT

    During the Reporting Period, the Company, based on the completion of audit items required by the
    regulatory authorities, focused on business risks, prevented violations and corrupt conducts, improved the
    level of internal control and conducted audit and supervision work with due diligence.

    During the Reporting Period, the Company completed a total of 190 audit projects. Among which: there
    were 39 audit projects for the headquarters of the Company and subsidiaries, and 151 audit projects for
    branches. Details were as follows: there were 38 audit projects for the headquarters of the Company,
    the departments involved in the business audit projects included, among others, the Investment Banking
    Business Management Committee, the Asset Management Department, the Fixed Income Department, the
    Trading Department, the Derivatives Trading Department, the Financial Planning Department, the Treasury
    Department, the Custodian Department, the Securities Financing Department, the Institutional Business
    Department, the IT Department and the Operation Management Department, and the audit scope
    involved in the effectiveness evaluation of compliance management, internal control evaluation, cultural
    construction quality evaluation, connected transaction audit projects and others covered each department
    and subsidiary of the Company; the subsidiary audit covered the audit on China Capital and the duty
    performance of some of its senior management personnel; there were 151 audit projects for branches,
    including 10 projects on branch manager mandatory off-post audit, 10 projects on branch manager
    resignation audit, 91 projects on business department head mandatory off-post audit, 39 projects on
    business department head resignation audit and 1 ongoing audit project.

    Through the abovementioned audits, the Company examined and evaluated the integrity and effectiveness
    of the compliance management, risk management and internal control of audited units, and revealed
    the existing major risks, which effectively enhanced risk prevention awareness and risk management
    capabilities across all departments, subsidiaries and branches.




                                                          Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              167
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     To the shareholders of CSC Financial Co., Ltd.
     (Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

     OPINION

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and
     its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 178 to 292, which comprise the consolidated statement of
     financial position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
     flows for the year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
     financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
     consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the
     International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
     disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION

     We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities
     under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
     Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International
     Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
     International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), as applicable to audits of the financial statements of public
     interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code. We
     believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
     provide a separate opinion on these matters.




168 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


Consolidation of structured entities


Refer to material accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and estimates in Note 3.2 (5), Note
48 to the consolidated financial statements and basis of preparation in Note 2.3.

The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

Structured entities are generally created to achieve     Our audit procedures to assess the consolidation of
a narrow and well defined objective with restrictions    structured entities included the following:
around their ongoing activities. The Group may
acquire or retain an ownership interest in, or act as    •     making enquiries of management and inspecting
a sponsor of, a structured entity through issuance or          relevant documents used by management
acquisition of shares.                                         relating to the judgement process over whether
                                                               a structured entity is consolidated or not to
In determining whether a structured entity is required         assess whether the Group has an appropriate
to be consolidated by the Group, management is                 process in this regard;
required to consider the power the Group is able
to exercise over the activities of the entity and its    •     selecting a sample of structured entities for each
exposure to and ability to influence its own returns           key product type and performing the following
from the entity. In certain circumstances, the Group           procedures for each item selected:
may be required to consolidate a structured entity
even though it has no equity interest therein.                 –      inspecting the related contracts and
                                                                      internal documents to understand the
                                                                      purpose of the establishment of the
                                                                      structured entity and the involvement
                                                                      the Group has with the structured entity
                                                                      and to assess management’s judgement
                                                                      over whether the Group has the ability to
                                                                      exercise power over the structured entity;




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             169
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


      Consolidation of structured entities (Continued)


      Refer to material accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and estimates in Note 3.2 (5), Note
      48 to the consolidated financial statements and basis of preparation in Note 2.3.

      The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

      The factors which management needs to consider                –     evaluating the risk and reward structure
      when determining whether a structured entity should                 of the structured entity including any
      be consolidated or not are not purely quantitative and              capital or return guarantee, commission
      need to be considered collectively.                                 paid and distribution of the returns to
                                                                          assess management’s judgement as to
      We identified the consolidation of structured entities              exposure, or rights, to variable returns
      as a key audit matter because it involves significant               from the Group’s involvement in such an
      management judgement in determining whether                         entity;
      a structured entity is required to be consolidated
      by the Group or not and because the impact of                 –     evaluating management’s analysis of
      consolidating a structured entity on the consolidated               the structured entity including qualitative
      statement could be significant.                                     analysis and calculations of the
                                                                          magnitude and variability associated with
                                                                          its economic interests in the structured
                                                                          entity to assess management’s
                                                                          judge me nt ov e r t he G r oup’s a bili ty
                                                                          to influence its own returns from the
                                                                          structured entity;

                                                                    –     evaluating management’s judgement over
                                                                          whether the structured entity should be
                                                                          consolidated or not;

                                                               •    assessing the disclosures in the consolidated
                                                                    financial statements in relation to structured
                                                                    entities with reference to the requirements of
                                                                    the prevailing accounting standards.




170 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


Expected credit impairment allowance of margin accounts, financial assets held under resale
agreements and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)


Refer to the material accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and estimates in Note 3.1 (5) (e)
and Note 3.2 (1).

The Key Audit Matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

The determination of expected credit impairment           Our audit procedures to assess expected credit
allowance of margin accounts, financial assets held       impairment allowance of margin accounts, financial
under resale agreements and financial assets at fair      assets held under resale agreements and financial
value through other comprehensive income (debt            assets at fair value through other comprehensive
instruments) using the expected credit loss (“ECL”)       income (debt instruments) included the following:
model is subject to a number of key parameters
and assumptions, including the identification of loss     •     understanding and assessing the design,
stages, estimates of probability of default, loss given         implementation and operating effectiveness
default, exposures at default and forward-looking               of key internal controls of financial reporting
adjustment. Management judgment is involved in the              over the approval, recording and monitoring
selection of those parameters and the application of            of margin accounts, financial assets held
the assumptions.                                                under resale agreements and financial assets
                                                                at fair value through other comprehensive
In particular, the determination of ECL model is                income (debt instruments), the measurement of
heavily dependent on the external macro environment             expected credit impairment allowances;
and the Group’s internal credit risk management
strategy. When evaluating key parameters and              •     with involvement of KPMG financial risk
assumptions, the expected credit impairment                     specialists, assessing the reliability of the ECL
allowance of margin accounts, financial assets held             model and parameters used by management
under resale agreements and financial assets at fair            in determining expected credit impairment
value through other comprehensive income (debt                  allowance, including the identification of
instruments) are derived from estimates whereby                 loss stages, probability of default, loss given
management takes into consideration of the historical           default, exposure at default and adjustments
losses, internal and external credit grading and other          for forward-looking information, assessing the
factors.                                                        reasonableness of significant management
                                                                judgement involved;




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            171
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


      Expected credit impairment allowance of margin accounts, financial assets held under resale
      agreements and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)
      (Continued)


      Refer to the material accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and estimates in Note 3.1 (5) (e)
      and Note 3.2 (1).

      The Key Audit Matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

      Management also exercises judgement in determining          •    assessing the completeness and accuracy of
      the quantum of loss given default based on a range               the key data used for the parameters in the
      of factors. These include available remedies for                 ECL model. For parameters derived from key
      recovery, the financial situation of the borrower, the           internal data relating to original agreements,
      recoverable amount of collateral, the seniority of               we compared the total balance of the financial
      the claim and the existence and cooperativeness of               asset list used by management to assess the
      other creditors. When listed stocks are involved as              allowances for impairment of margin accounts,
      collateral, price volatility of the stock, the liquidity,        financial assets held under resale agreements
      the stock holding concentration of the borrower, the             and financial assets at fair value through other
      loan balances to collateral ratio and the operation              comprehensive income (debt instruments) with
      of the issuer will also be taken into account in the             the general ledger; on a sample basis, selecting
      judgement.                                                       financial assets and comparing investment
                                                                       information with the underlying agreements
      We identified expected credit impairment allowance               and other related documentation to assess the
      of margin accounts, financial assets held under resale           accuracy of compilation of the asset list. For
      agreements and financial assets at fair value through            parameters derived from key external data,
      other comprehensive income (debt instruments) as a               we selected samples to inspect the accuracy
      key audit matter because of the inherent uncertainty             of such data by comparing them with external
      and management judgment involved and because of                  sources;
      the respective significance to the financial results and
      capital of the Group.                                       •    for parameters involving judgement, critically
                                                                       assessing input parameters by seeking evidence
                                                                       from external sources and comparing to the
                                                                       Group’s internal records. We compared the
                                                                       economic factors used in the models with
                                                                       market information to assess whether they were
                                                                       aligned with market and economic development;




172 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


Expected credit impairment allowance of margin accounts, financial assets held under resale
agreements and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)
(Continued)


Refer to the material accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and estimates in Note 3.1 (5) (e)
and Note 3.2 (1).

The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                                        •      evaluating the validity of management’s
                                                               assessment on whether the credit risk of
                                                               margin accounts, financial assets held under
                                                               resale agreements and financial assets at fair
                                                               value through other comprehensive income
                                                               (debt instruments) has, or has not, increased
                                                               significantly since initial recognition and
                                                               whether the financial assets is credit impaired.
                                                               Checking the reasonableness of management’s
                                                               assessment on the risk stage of credit impaired
                                                               financial assets by select risk-based samples.
                                                               On a sample basis, we checked the financial
                                                               assets overdue information, understanding the
                                                               credit situation and the collateral to loan ratio of
                                                               the borrowers;

                                                        •      for selected samples of the financial assets
                                                               that are credit-impaired, evaluating the
                                                               reasonableness of loss given default. We also
                                                               evaluated the forecast cash flows, challenged
                                                               the viability of the Group’s recovery plans and
                                                               evaluated other credit enhancements that are
                                                               integral to the contract terms;

                                                        •      reviewing the accuracy of the amount of
                                                               expected credit impairment allowance using
                                                               the ECL model based on the above audit
                                                               procedures for a sample of margin accounts,
                                                               financial assets held under resale agreements
                                                               and financial assets at fair value through other
                                                               comprehensive income (debt instruments);

                                                        •      evaluating whether the disclosures on expected
                                                               credit impairment allowance of margin accounts,
                                                               financial assets held under resale agreements
                                                               and financial assets at fair value through other
                                                               comprehensive income (debt instruments)
                                                               meet the disclosure requirements of prevailing
                                                               accounting standards.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                173
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


      Valuation of financial instruments measured at fair value and classified as Level 3


      Refer to Note 52 (1), (2), (3) to the consolidated financial statements and the material accounting policies,
      significant accounting judgements and estimates in Note 3.1 (5) (d) and Note 3.2 (3).

      The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s financial            Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of
      instruments included those classified under Level        financial instruments measured at fair value and
      3 in the fair value hierarchy, which were measured       classified as Level 3 included the following:
      using valuation techniques that involve significant
      unobservable inputs.                                     •    understanding and assessing the design,
                                                                    implementation and operating effectiveness
      We identified valuation of financial instruments              of key internal controls over the valuation,
      measured at fair value and classified as Level 3 as a         independent price verification and valuation
      key audit matter because of the size of their amounts,        model approval for financial instruments;
      the degree of complexity involved in valuing financial
      instruments and the significant degree of judgement      •    reading investment agreements entered into
      exercised by management in determining the inputs             during the current year, for a sample of level 3
      used in the valuation models.                                 financial instruments to understand the relevant
                                                                    investment terms and identify any conditions
                                                                    that were relevant to the valuation of financial
                                                                    instruments;

                                                               •    involving KPMG valuation specialists to assist
                                                                    us in evaluating the valuation models used
                                                                    by the Group to value certain level 3 financial
                                                                    instruments and to perform, on a sample basis,
                                                                    independent valuations of level 3 financial
                                                                    instruments and compare these valuations
                                                                    with the Group’s valuations. This included
                                                                    comparing the Group’s valuation models with
                                                                    our knowledge of current market practice,
                                                                    testing inputs to the fair value calculations
                                                                    and establishing our own valuation models to
                                                                    perform revaluations;

                                                               •    evaluating the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                                    on the valuation of financial instruments
                                                                    measured at fair value and classified as Level
                                                                    3 with reference to the requirements of the
                                                                    prevailing accounting standards.




174 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information
included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.

AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.




                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              175
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
     and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
     the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
           due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
           evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
           material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
           collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
           and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
           based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
           that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
           that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
           disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
           opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
           However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
           the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
           and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
           information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
           group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
           performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




176 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lee Lok Man.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

26 March 2026




                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               177
     CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                 Note                  2025             2024


      Revenue
       Fee and commission income                                   6              17,067,873       13,335,952
       Interest income                                             7               8,856,060        8,682,791
       Net investment gains                                        8               8,691,455        7,763,057


                                                                                  34,615,388       29,781,800

        Other income                                               9                 369,692         358,390


      Total revenue and other income                                              34,985,080       30,140,190

        Fee and commission expenses                               10              (3,901,008)      (3,194,754)
        Interest expenses                                         10              (7,761,045)      (7,897,001)
        Staff costs                                               10              (7,044,220)      (6,308,855)
        Tax and surcharges                                                          (162,899)        (120,549)
        Other operating expenses and costs                        10              (4,079,353)      (3,827,931)
        Credit impairment losses                                  13                (299,392)          (90,598)
        Impairment losses on other assets                                             (3,729)          (18,582)


      Total expenses                                                             (23,251,646)     (21,458,270)


      Operating profit                                                            11,733,434        8,681,920


      Share of profits of associates                                                   3,263            8,318


      Profit before income tax                                                    11,736,697        8,690,238
        Income tax expense                                        14              (2,282,674)      (1,454,710)


      Profit for the year                                                          9,454,023        7,235,528


      Attributable to:
        Equity holders of the Company                                              9,439,424        7,223,220
        Non-controlling interests                                                     14,599           12,308


                                                                                   9,454,023        7,235,528


      Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity
        holders of the Company (expressed in
        RMB yuan per share)
        – Basic and diluted                                       16                    1.09             0.79


     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




178 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2025             2024


 Profit for the year                                                           9,454,023            7,235,528


 Other comprehensive income

 Items that may be reclassified to profit or
    loss in subsequent years
    Net gains on investments in debt instruments measured at fair
      value through other comprehensive income                                   230,206              586,856
    Net gains on investments in debt instruments measured
      at fair value through other comprehensive income
      reclassified to profit or loss on disposal                                (401,903)            (145,924)
    Income tax relating to these items                                            57,395             (100,082)


                                                                                (114,302)             340,850

   Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                   5                    7
   Foreign currency translation differences                                     (117,284)              87,381


 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
    profit or loss
    Net gains on investments in equity instruments designated
      as at fair value through other comprehensive income                        937,049              222,488
    Income tax relating to these items                                          (230,286)             (52,644)


                                                                                 706,763              169,844


 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                             475,182              598,082


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                       9,929,205            7,833,610


 Attributable to:
   Equity holders of the Company                                               9,914,606            7,821,302
   Non-controlling interests                                                      14,599               12,308


                                                                               9,929,205            7,833,610


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            179
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                    Note   31 December 2025     31 December 2024

      Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                 17              595,080             701,822
       Right-of-use assets                                           18              880,281           1,141,474
       Investment properties                                                          40,778              39,761
       Intangible assets                                             19              867,269             863,461
       Investments in associates                                     21              102,588             122,782
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         22            9,979,099           8,589,334
       Financial assets at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                       23           52,162,155          14,742,205
       Refundable deposits                                           24           20,552,895          12,829,143
       Deferred tax assets                                           25              557,083              80,410
       Other non-current assets                                      26              207,602             267,672

      Total non-current assets                                                    85,944,830          39,378,064

      Current assets
       Margin accounts                                               27          84,384,373           62,948,804
       Accounts receivable                                           28           9,807,004            9,139,736
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         22         176,685,752          193,382,082
       Financial assets at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                       23          93,408,671           77,639,092
       Derivative financial assets                                   29           2,282,312            3,358,209
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                 30           6,494,291           11,103,213
       Cash held on behalf of clients                                31         162,630,325          122,276,940
       Cash and bank balances                                        32          54,686,344           46,473,105
       Other current assets                                          33             491,889              718,973

      Total current assets                                                      590,870,961          527,040,154

      Total assets                                                              676,815,791          566,418,218


      Current liabilities
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                         34         175,840,031          130,641,940
       Lease liabilities                                             35             460,735              581,904
       Derivative financial liabilities                              29           6,529,374            4,072,192
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss    36          10,438,273            6,452,426
       Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements             37         135,495,884          113,712,825
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions        38           6,560,614              800,037
       Taxes payable                                                 39           1,499,753              956,368
       Short-term borrowings                                         40           7,978,408            3,858,353
       Short-term financing instruments payable                      41          53,860,415           38,450,587
       Other current liabilities                                     42          63,205,006           59,039,250

      Total current liabilities                                                 461,868,493          358,565,882

      Net current assets                                                        129,002,468          168,474,272

      Total assets less current liabilities                                     214,947,298          207,852,336

     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




180 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
                                                                                       AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                       (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

                                                               Note      31 December 2025      31 December 2024

 Non-current liabilities
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss    36                1,171,983            2,653,036
  Bonds in issue                                                43               94,043,200           97,858,791
  Lease liabilities                                             35                  435,668              660,698
  Deferred tax liabilities                                      25                  124,245              157,616
  Other non-current liabilities                                                      21,891                3,245

 Total non-current liabilities                                                   95,796,987          101,333,386

 Net assets                                                                     119,150,311          106,518,950


 Equity
   Share capital                                                44                7,756,695            7,756,695
   Other equity instruments                                     45               36,145,019           29,825,830
   Reserves                                                     46               41,628,897           38,647,219
   Retained earnings                                                             33,571,045           30,238,990

 Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                           119,101,656          106,468,734
 Non-controlling interests                                                           48,655               50,216

 Total equity                                                                   119,150,311          106,518,950


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2026.




                        Liu Cheng                                                Jin Jianhua
                         Chairman                                     Executive Director, General Manager




                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            181
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                           Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                            Reserves
                                                                                                                                     Foreign
                                                                       Other                                          Investment currency                                          Non-
                                                          Share        equity   Capital         Surplus       General revaluation translation           Retained              controlling
                                                Note     capital instruments    reserve         reserve       reserve     reserve    reserve            earnings     Subtotal interests           Total


      At 1 January 2025                                7,756,695 29,825,830 12,370,888        7,873,801 16,892,706         1,027,871       481,953 30,238,990 106,468,734          50,216 106,518,950

      Profit for the year                                     –             –         –                –             –             –              –    9,439,424    9,439,424      14,599    9,454,023
      Other comprehensive income
        for the year                                          –             –         –                –             –      592,466        (117,284)           –      475,182           –      475,182


      Total comprehensive income
        for the year                                          –             –         –                –             –      592,466        (117,284)   9,439,424    9,914,606      14,599    9,929,205


      Capital injected/(reduced) by equity
        holders
        – Capital injected by other equity
           instrument holders                    45           –     6,319,189   (42,634)              –              –             –              –             – 6,276,555             –     6,276,555
      Appropriation to surplus reserve           46           –             –         –         893,078              –             –              –      (893,078)          –           –             –
      Appropriation to general reserve           46           –             –         –               –      1,689,084             –              –    (1,689,084)          –           –             –
      Dividends to equity holders                15           –             –         –               –              –             –              –    (2,559,709) (2,559,709)          –    (2,559,709)
      Distribution to other equity instrument
        holders                                  15           –             –         –                –             –             –              –     (998,530)    (998,530)          –     (998,530)
      Dividends to non-controlling interests                  –             –         –                –             –             –              –            –            –     (16,160)     (16,160)
      Transfers within the owners’ equity
        – Other comprehensive income
           transferred to retained earnings                   –             –         –                –             –       (33,032)             –       33,032            –           –             –


      At 31 December 2025                              7,756,695 36,145,019 12,328,254        8,766,879 18,581,790         1,587,305       364,669 33,571,045 119,101,656          48,655 119,150,311


     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




182 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                                                       (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                      Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                        Reserves
                                                                                                                                         Foreign
                                                                  Other                                               Investment        currency                                      Non-
                                                     Share        equity   Capital        Surplus         General     revaluation     translation     Retained                  controlling
                                           Note     capital instruments    reserve        reserve         reserve         reserve        reserve      earnings      Subtotal      interests         Total


 At 1 January 2024                                7,756,695 24,906,528 12,417,001      7,063,893 15,273,437              516,895        394,572 29,149,026 97,478,047              48,360 97,526,407

 Profit for the year                                    –              –         –              –               –               –              –    7,223,220     7,223,220        12,308     7,235,528
 Other comprehensive income
   for the year                                         –              –         –              –               –        510,701         87,381              –      598,082              –      598,082


 Total comprehensive income
   for the year                                         –              –         –              –               –        510,701         87,381     7,223,220     7,821,302        12,308     7,833,610


 Capital injected/(reduced) by equity
   holders
   – Capital injected by other equity
      instrument holders                    45          –     4,919,302    (46,113)            –               –                –              –             –     4,873,189             –     4,873,189
 Appropriation to surplus reserve           46          –             –          –       809,908               –                –              –      (809,908)            –             –             –
 Appropriation to general reserve           46          –             –          –             –       1,619,269                –              –    (1,619,269)            –             –             –
 Dividends to equity holders                15          –             –          –             –               –                –              –    (2,637,276)   (2,637,276)            –    (2,637,276)
 Distribution to other equity instrument
   holders                                  15          –              –         –              –               –               –              –    (1,066,528)   (1,066,528)           –     (1,066,528)
 Dividends to non-controlling interests                 –              –         –              –               –               –              –             –             –      (10,452)        (10,452)
 Transfers within the owners’ equity
   – Other comprehensive income
      transferred to retained earnings                  –              –         –              –               –            275               –          (275)            –             –              –


 At 31 December 2024                              7,756,695 29,825,830 12,370,888      7,873,801 16,892,706            1,027,871        481,953 30,238,990 106,468,734             50,216 106,518,950


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                                        183
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025             2024


      Cash flows from operating activities
       Profit before income tax                                                   11,736,697        8,690,238
       Adjustments for:
       Interest expenses on bonds in issue, short-term financing
          instruments payable, borrowings and lease liabilities                    4,776,805        4,311,153
       Dividend income and interest income from financial assets at
          fair value through other comprehensive income                           (3,016,574)      (2,199,310)
       Net gains from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                                                (207,284)        (405,217)
       Share of profits from associates and joint ventures                            (3,263)           (8,318)
       Net losses/(gains) on disposal of property, plant, equipment
          and other assets                                                             2,960             (159)
       Revaluation gains on financial instruments at fair value
          through profit or loss                                                    (339,821)        (135,521)
       Net foreign exchange gains                                                   (123,643)          (38,746)
       Depreciation and amortization                                               1,226,190        1,251,728
       Credit impairment losses                                                      299,392            90,598
       Impairment losses on other assets                                               3,729            18,582


                                                                                  14,355,188       11,575,028


      Net changes in operating assets
       Margin accounts                                                           (21,737,061)       (7,096,210)
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      19,458,265       14,809,581
       Cash held on behalf of clients                                            (40,331,964)     (28,435,514)
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                               4,723,328         2,943,254
       Other operating assets                                                     (7,325,735)        1,567,764


                                                                                 (45,213,167)     (16,211,125)


      Net changes in operating liabilities
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                      45,198,091       29,718,265
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                  1,732,164        (1,930,773)
       Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                          21,774,476      (15,618,036)
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                      5,760,000        (1,100,000)
       Other operating liabilities                                                 1,460,065        (4,018,670)


                                                                                  75,924,796        7,050,786


      Net cash inflow from operating activities before tax                        45,066,817        2,414,689
       Income tax paid                                                            (2,347,108)      (1,349,822)


      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                   42,719,709        1,064,867

     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




184 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2025             2024


 Cash flows from investing activities
  Net cash flow from purchase or disposal of financial assets
    at fair value through other comprehensive income                        (52,512,012)        (15,164,024)
  Dividend income and interest income received from financial
    assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                   2,855,530           2,380,207
  Cash paid for purchase of property, plant and equipment
    and other assets                                                           (529,438)           (538,839)
  Other cash flows from investing activities                                     12,800                 935


 Net cash outflow from investing activities                                 (50,173,120)        (13,321,721)


 Cash flows from financing activities
  Cash inflows from perpetual bonds                                          11,300,000           9,900,000
  Cash inflows from borrowing activities                                     60,895,361          27,601,133
  Cash inflows from issuing bonds and short-term financing
    instruments                                                             104,855,564          88,383,770
  Cash outflows from distribution to equity holders                          (2,524,014)          (3,631,478)
  Repayments of debts                                                      (148,288,126)        (89,618,248)
  Repayments of interest on debts                                            (4,600,778)          (4,280,432)
  Repayments of perpetual bonds                                              (5,000,000)          (5,000,000)
  Other cash outflows from financing activities                                (749,135)            (729,739)


 Net cash inflow from financing activities                                   15,888,872          22,625,006


 Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                      8,435,461          10,368,152
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                      45,751,205          36,068,227
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                   (98,415)           (685,174)


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
  (Note 47 (1))                                                              54,088,251          45,751,205


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.         185
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     1     GENERAL INFORMATION

           CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) (formerly known as China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.) is
           the successor entity of China Securities Finance Limited Liability Company which was approved for
           establishment by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) on 2 November 2005.
           The original registered capital of the Company was RMB2,700,000,000. The registered address of the
           Company is Unit 4, No.66 Anli Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the
           “PRC”).

           The Company received the approval of CSRC on 30 June 2011 to convert into a joint stock company,
           with registered capital increased to RMB6,100,000,000.

           The Company completed its initial public offering of overseas listed foreign shares (“H shares”) on The
           Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 9 December 2016. Under this offering, the Company issued
           a total of 1,076,470,000 new shares with a nominal value of RMB1 per share. On 5 January 2017,
           the Company issued an additional 69,915,238 H shares through partial exercise of the over-allotment
           option with a nominal value of RMB1 per share. The registered capital of the Company increased
           to RMB7,246,385,238 after such issuance. The Company completed the industrial and commercial
           registration for these changes on 5 June 2017, and obtained its new business license with the Unified
           Social Credit Code of 91110000781703453H on 9 June 2017.

           The Company completed its initial public offering of domestic listed shares (“A shares”) on the
           Shanghai Stock Exchange on 20 June 2018. The Company issued a total of 400,000,000 shares with
           a nominal value of RMB1 per share. After this issuance, the share capital of the Company increased to
           RMB7,646,385,238. The Company completed the registration procedure for its non-public offering of
           A-shares in the Shanghai branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing Co., Ltd. on 28 December
           2020. The Company issued a total of 110,309,559 shares with a nominal value of RMB1 per share. After
           this issuance, the share capital of the Company increased to RMB7,756,694,797. And the Company
           completed the registration procedures for the change of business license related to the registered capital
           on 25 June 2021.

           The business scope of the Company mainly includes: Licensed projects: securities business; foreign
           exchange settlement and sale business; foreign exchange business; securities investment consultancy;
           custodian services for securities investment fund; public securities investment fund sales; provision of
           intermediary business to futures companies as a securities company. (for the projects requiring approval
           according to laws, the operating activities that can only be carried out upon approval from relevant
           authority (ies), and specific licensed projects that should be determined by approval documentations or
           licenses issued by relevant government agencies) General projects: sale of gold and silver products.




186 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                       (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

2     BASIS OF PREPARATION

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards,
      as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). In addition, the consolidated financial
      statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
      Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap.622).

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except
      for derivative financial instruments, financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, financial
      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, which have been measured at fair value, as
      further explained in the respective accounting policies below. The consolidated financial statements are
      presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise
      indicated.

      2.1    Amendments to the accounting standards effective in 2025 and adopted by the Group

             (1)    Amendments to IAS 21                     Lack of Exchangeability

             1)     Amendments to IAS 21: Lack of Exchangeability

                    The amendments specify when a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when
                    it is not, and how an entity determines a spot rate when a currency lacks exchangeability.
                    Under the amendments, entities are required to provide additional disclosures to help
                    users evaluate how a currency’s lack of exchangeability affects, or is expected to affect,
                    its financial performance, financial position and cash flows. The Group anticipates that the
                    adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated
                    financial statements.

                    Besides, the Group made a change in accounting policy related to physical settlement of
                    contracts to buy or sell bulk commodities that fail the own-use exception. Previously, for
                    contracts involving the sale of bulk commodities, the Group recognized sales revenue and
                    cost of sales when the customer obtained the control of the commodity. Considering the
                    practical guidance issued by the relevant regulatory authority, effective 1 January 2025,
                    such transactions are accounted for as settlement of the sales contracts without recognizing
                    any sales revenue or cost of sales. The impact of this change in accounting policy has been
                    applied retrospectively, and comparative figures have been adjusted accordingly.




                                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                 187
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     2     BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

           2.2   Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective and have not
                 been adopted before their effective dates by the Group

                 The Group has not adopted the following new and amended standards that have been issued but
                 are not yet effective.

                                                                               Effective for annual periods
                                                                               beginning on or after


                 (1)    Amendments to IFRS 10      Sale or Contribution of     The amendments were originally
                         and IAS 28                  Assets between an         intended to be effective for annual
                                                     Investor and its          periods beginning on or after
                                                     Associate or Joint        1 January 2016. The effective
                                                     Venture                   date has now been deferred. Early
                                                                               application of the amendments
                                                                               continues to be permitted.
                 (2)    Amendments to IFRS 7       Classification and          1 January 2026
                         and IFRS 9                  Measurement of
                                                     Financial Instruments
                 (3)    IFRS 18                    Presentation and            1 January 2027
                                                     Disclosure in Financial
                                                     Statements
                 (4)    IFRS 19 and its            Subsidiaries without        1 January 2027
                          amendments                 Public Accountability:
                                                     Disclosures
                 (5)    Amendments to ISA 21       Effect of Exchange Rate     1 January 2027
                                                     Changes

                 1)     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution of Assets between An
                        Investor and Its Associate or Joint Venture

                        These amendments address an inconsistency between IFRS 10 and IAS 28 in the sale
                        and contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. A full
                        gain or loss is recognized when a transaction involves a business. A partial gain or loss
                        is recognized when a transaction involves assets that do not constitute a business, even
                        if those assets are in a subsidiary. The Group anticipates that the adoption of these
                        amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
                        statements.

                 2)     Amendments to IFRS 7 and IFRS 9: Classification and Measurement of Financial
                        Instruments

                        The amendments include requirements on: classification of financial assets with
                        environmental, social or governance (ESG) targets and similar features; settlement
                        of financial liabilities through electronic payment systems; and disclosures regarding
                        investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
                        income and financial instruments with contingent feature. The Group anticipates that the
                        adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated
                        financial statements.



188 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                   (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

2     BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

      2.2   Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective and have not
            been adopted before their effective dates by the Group (Continued)

            3)     IFRS 18: Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

                   IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 and aims to improve the transparency and comparability
                   of information about an entity’s financial performance. The main changes comprise: a
                   more structured income statement; enhanced disclosure requirements on management-
                   defined performance measures (“MPMs”); and enhanced requirements on aggregation and
                   disaggregation of information. The Group is evaluating the impact of this standard.

            4)     IFRS 19 and its amendments: Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:
                   Disclosures

                   IFRS 19 allows eligible subsidiaries that does not have public accountability and its parent
                   produces consolidated financial statements that are available for public use under IFRS
                   Accounting Standards to apply IFRS Accounting Standards with reduced disclosures. The
                   Group anticipates that the adoption of the standard will not have a significant impact on the
                   Group’s consolidated financial statements.

            5)     Amendments to ISA 21: Effect of Exchange Rate Changes

                   The amendments require that when converting functional currencies in non-hyperinflationary
                   economies into presentation currencies in hyperinflationary economies, the conversion
                   exchange rate for financial statements should be the closing exchange rate on the most
                   recent balance sheet date. The Group anticipates that the adoption of these amendments
                   will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

      2.3   Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its
            subsidiaries. The accounting policies and accounting period of the Company and its subsidiaries
            are consistent.

            Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. Control
            is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with
            the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. When
            the Group assesses whether it has power over an investee, the Group’s voting rights or potential
            voting rights and other contractual arrangements are considered.

            Income or expenses resulted from acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, from the date on
            which the Company obtains control to the date on which the Company ceases its control over
            subsidiaries, are in the scope of consolidation. Intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income,
            expenses, and cash flow which are relevant to all intra-group transactions occurred should be
            eliminated on consolidation.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               189
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     2     BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

           2.3   Basis of consolidation (Continued)

                 A portion of equity over subsidiaries and profit or loss which does not belong to the Company
                 should be treated as non-controlling interests. Non-controlling interests represent the portion of
                 profit or loss and net assets in subsidiaries not held by the Company and are presented separately
                 in the consolidated income statement and within equity in the consolidated statement of financial
                 position separately from the equity attributable to equity holders of the Company.

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

           3.1   Material accounting policies

                 (1)    Accounting period

                        The accounting year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.

                 (2)    Functional and presentation currency

                        The Company’s functional and presentation currency is RMB.

                        Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency according to its economic
                        situation. The functional currency is denominated in RMB in the consolidated financial
                        statements.

                 (3)    Cash and cash equivalents

                        Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits which are not restricted as to use.

                        Cash equivalents comprise short-term, highly-liquid investments, which are readily
                        convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
                        value.

                 (4)    Foreign currency transactions and foreign currency translation

                        The Group adopts the sub-account system to record foreign currency transactions. Foreign
                        currency transactions are initially recorded on the original currency respectively at the dates
                        of the transactions.

                        Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
                        prevailing functional currency exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The
                        exchange rate is the central parity rate quoted by the People’s Bank of China or authorized
                        bodies. All differences are taken to the consolidated income statement. Non-monetary items
                        denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical costs are translated at the
                        balance sheet date using the spot exchange rates at the date of the transactions.




190 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (4)   Foreign currency transactions and foreign currency translation (Continued)

                  The assets and liabilities of foreign operation subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies
                  are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of reporting period for
                  consolidated financial statements. The equity items, excluding “retained earnings”, are
                  translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The income and
                  expenses of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the rates that approximate the
                  spot exchange rates. The exchange differences resulting from foreign currency financial
                  statement translation of subsidiaries are recognized in other comprehensive income (“OCI”)
                  and accumulated in the foreign exchange translation reserve. The cash flows of overseas
                  operations are translated at the spot exchange rates on the dates of the cash flows. The
                  effect of exchange rate changes on cash is presented separately in the cash flow statement.

            (5)   Financial instruments

                  (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments

                        Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when the Group becomes a
                        party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Regular way purchases and
                        sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on which the Group
                        commits to purchase or sell the asset.

                        At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset or financial liability at its
                        fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset or financial liability not at
                        fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are incremental and directly
                        attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability.
                        Transaction costs of financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value
                        through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

                        Financial assets

                        Financial assets are classified on the basis of the Group’s business model for
                        managing the assets and the cash flow characteristics of the assets in the
                        following measurement categories: (i) Amortized cost; (ii) Fair value through other
                        comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); (iii) Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”).

                        Business model reflects how the Group manages the assets in order to generate
                        cash flows. That is, whether the Group’s objective is solely to collect the contractual
                        cash flows from the assets or is to collect both the contractual cash flows and cash
                        flows arising from the sale of assets. If neither of these is applicable (e.g. financial
                        assets are held for trading purposes), then the financial assets are classified as part
                        of “other” business model and measured at FVPL. Factors considered by the Group
                        in determining the business model for a group of assets include past experience on
                        how the cash flows for these assets were collected, how the asset’s performance is
                        evaluated and reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and
                        managed and how managers are compensated.




                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                191
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (5)    Financial instruments (Continued)

                        (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
                              (Continued)

                              Financial assets (Continued)

                              Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to
                              collect contractual cash flows and sell, the Group assesses whether the financial
                              instruments’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest (the
                              “SPPI”). In making this assessment, the Group considers whether the contractual
                              cash flows are consistent with a basic lending arrangement, i.e. interest includes
                              only consideration for the time value of money, credit risk, other basic leading risks
                              and a profit margin that is consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Where the
                              contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that are inconsistent with a
                              basic lending arrangement, the related financial asset is classified and measured at
                              fair value through profit or loss.

                              Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when
                              determining whether their cash flows are SPPI.

                              The classification requirements for debt instruments assets and equity instruments
                              assets are described as below:

                              Debt Instruments

                              Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the definition of a financial liability
                              from the issuer’s perspective, such as government bonds, corporate bonds and
                              subordinated bonds. Classification and subsequent measurement of debt instruments
                              depend on: (i) the Group’s business model for managing the asset; and (ii) the cash
                              flow characteristics of the asset.

                              Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the
                              following three measurement categories:

                              (i)     Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows
                                      where those cash flows represent SPPI and that are not designated as at
                                      FVPL, are measured at amortized cost.

                              (ii)    Fair value through other comprehensive income: Financial assets that are held
                                      for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the
                                      assets’ cash flows represent SPPI and that are not designated as at FVPL, are
                                      measured at FVOCI.

                              (iii)   Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for
                                      amortized cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.




192 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (5)   Financial instruments (Continued)

                  (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
                        (Continued)

                        Financial assets (Continued)

                        Debt Instruments (Continued)

                        At initial recognition, the Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at fair
                        value through profit or loss if doing so significantly reduces or eliminates a mismatch
                        created by assets and liabilities being measured on different bases.

                        Equity instruments

                        Equity instruments are instruments that meet the definition of equity from the issuer’s
                        perspective; that is, instruments that do not contain a contractual obligation to pay
                        and that evidence a residual interest in the issuer’s net assets. Examples of equity
                        instruments include basic ordinary shares.

                        The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at FVPL, except where the
                        Group’s management has elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an
                        equity investment at FVOCI. The Group’s policy is to designate equity investments
                        as FVOCI when those investments are held for purposes other than to generate
                        investment returns.

                        Financial liabilities

                        Financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except
                        for financial liabilities at FVPL, which is applied to derivatives, financial liabilities held
                        for trading (e.g. short positions in the trading booking) and other financial liabilities
                        designated as such at initial recognition.

                        Contingent liabilities recognized by buyers should be measured as FVPL under
                        business combination for entities owned by different ultimate shareholders.

                        An entity may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial liability as
                        measured at fair value through profit or loss: (i) it eliminates or significantly reduces a
                        measurement or recognition inconsistency (sometimes referred to as ‘an accounting
                        mismatch’); (ii) a group of financial liabilities or financial assets and financial liabilities
                        is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with
                        a documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
                        group is provided internally on that basis to the entity’s key management personnel.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                   193
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (5)    Financial instruments (Continued)

                        (b)   Reclassification of financial assets

                              When the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets, it shall
                              reclassify all affected financial assets, and apply the reclassification prospectively
                              from the reclassification date. The Group does not restate any previously recognized
                              gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest. Reclassification date
                              is the first day of the first reporting period following the change in business model
                              that results in the Group reclassifying financial assets.

                        (c)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments

                              Subsequent measurement of financial instruments depends on the categories:

                              Amortized cost

                              The amortized cost is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is
                              measured at initial recognition: (i) minus the principal repayments; (ii) plus or minus
                              the cumulative amortization using the effective interest method of any difference
                              between that initial amount and the maturity amount and; (iii) for financial assets,
                              adjusted for any loss allowance.

                              The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
                              payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial asset or financial
                              liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset (i.e. its amortized cost
                              before any impairment allowance) or to the amortized cost of a financial liability. The
                              calculation does not consider expected credit losses (“ECL”) and includes transaction
                              costs, premiums or discounts and fees and points paid or received that are integral
                              to the effective interest rate. For purchased or originated credit-impaired (“POCI”)
                              financial assets, the Group calculates the credit-adjusted effective interest rate, which
                              is calculated based on the amortized cost of the financial asset instead of its gross
                              carrying amount and incorporates the impact of expected credit losses in estimated
                              future cash flows.

                              When the Group revises the estimates of future cash flows, the carrying amount
                              of the respective financial asset or financial liability is adjusted to reflect the new
                              estimate discounted using the original effective interest rate. Any changes are
                              recognized in profit or loss.




194 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (5)   Financial instruments (Continued)

                  (c)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments (Continued)

                        Amortized cost (Continued)

                        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                        carrying amount of financial assets, except for: (i) POCI financial assets, whose
                        interest income is calculated, since initial recognition, by applying the credit-adjusted
                        effective interest rate to their amortized cost; and (ii) financial assets that are not
                        POCI but have subsequently become credit-impaired, whose interest income is
                        calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their amortized cost (i.e. net of
                        the expected credit loss allowance). If, in a subsequent period, the financial assets
                        improve their qualities so that they are no longer credit-impaired and the improvement
                        in credit quality is related objectively to a certain event occurring after the application
                        of the above-mentioned rules, then the interest income is calculated by applying the
                        effective interest rate to their gross carrying amount.

                        Fair value through other comprehensive income

                        Debt instruments

                        Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income
                        (“OCI”), except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue
                        and foreign exchange gains and losses on the instrument’s amortized cost which are
                        recognized in profit or loss.

                        Equity instruments

                        The equity instrument investments that are held for purposes other than to generate
                        investment returns are designated as FVOCI. When this election is used, fair value
                        gains and losses are recognized in OCI and are not subsequently reclassified to
                        profit or loss, including on disposal. Dividends, when representing a return on such
                        investments, continue to be recognized in profit or loss when (i) the Group’s right
                        to receive payments is established, (ii) it is probable that future economic benefits
                        associated with the item will flow to the Group, (iii) the amounts of the dividends can
                        be measured reliably.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                195
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (5)    Financial instruments (Continued)

                        (c)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments (Continued)

                              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                              Debt instruments

                              A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at fair value
                              through profit or loss and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognized in profit
                              or loss and presented in the profit or loss statement within “Net investment gains” in
                              the period in which it arises.

                              Equity instruments

                              Gains and losses on equity investments at FVPL are included in the “Net investment
                              gains” in the consolidated income statement.

                              Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                              Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair value with all gains or losses
                              presented in profit or loss. Gains or losses arising from the financial liabilities
                              designated at FVPL should be treated in accordance with the following provisions: (i)
                              the amount of changes in the fair value of the financial liabilities caused by changes
                              in the Group’s own credit risk should be included in other comprehensive income; (ii)
                              Other changes in fair value of the financial liabilities are recognized in profit or loss.
                              If the treatment of the impact of changes in the credit risk of the financial liabilities in
                              accordance with (i) would cause or expand accounting mismatches in profit or loss,
                              the Group shall include all gains or losses (including the amount affected by changes
                              in its own credit risk) of the financial liabilities in profit or loss.

                        (d)   Fair value of financial instruments

                              Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
                              liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
                              date (exit price). Fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the
                              transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
                              market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most
                              advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous
                              market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is
                              measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing
                              the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
                              interest.




196 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (5)   Financial instruments (Continued)

                  (d)   Fair value of financial instruments (Continued)

                        The fair values of quoted financial assets and financial liabilities in active markets
                        are based on current bid prices and ask prices, as appropriate. If there is no active
                        market, the Group establishes fair value by using valuation techniques. These include
                        the use of market approach, income approach and cost approach. When using
                        valuation techniques, unobservable market inputs would not be used unless relevant
                        observable inputs are not available or not practicable to access.

                        Default Valuation Adjustments (DVA) are applied to the Group’s financial liabilities at
                        fair value through profit or loss, and assumes that DVA stay the same before and
                        after the transfer of the liability. DVA refer to risk that enterprises fail to perform the
                        obligation, including but not limited to their own credit risk.

                        The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair values
                        of financial assets and financial liabilities based on the inputs used when determining
                        the fair value:

                        Level 1:   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                   that the entity can access at the measurement date.

                        Level 2:   Valuation technique using inputs other than quoted prices included within
                                   level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
                                   indirectly.

                        Level 3:   Valuation technique using inputs for the asset or liability that is not based
                                   on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                        The level of fair value measurement depends on the lowest level of input that is
                        significant to the entire fair value measurement.

                  (e)   Impairment of financial assets

                        The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt
                        instrument assets carried at amortized cost and FVOCI.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                197
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (5)    Financial instruments (Continued)

                        (e)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                              ECL is the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default
                              occurring as the weights. Credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash
                              flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash
                              flows that the Group expects to receive (i.e. all cash shortfalls), discounted at the
                              original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for POCI
                              financial assets).

                              The Group measures the ECL of a financial instrument reflects: (i) an unbiased
                              and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of
                              possible outcomes; (ii) the time value of money; and (iii) reasonable and supportable
                              information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date about
                              past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                              For financial instruments whose impairment losses are measured using the ECL
                              model, the Group assesses whether their credit risk has increased significantly since
                              their initial recognition, and applies a three-stage impairment model to calculate their
                              impairment allowance and recognize their ECL, as follows:

                              Stage 1: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an
                                       amount equal to the next 12 months ECL if the credit risk of that financial
                                       instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

                              Stage 2: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at
                                       an amount equal to the lifetime ECL if the credit risk of that financial
                                       instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, but is not yet
                                       deemed to be credit-impaired.

                              Stage 3: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at
                                       an amount equal to the lifetime ECL if the financial instrument is credit-
                                       impaired.

                              The Group applies the impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement
                              of expected credit loss allowance for debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI.
                              The loss allowance is recognized in OCI and the impairment loss is recognized in
                              profit or loss, and it should not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in
                              the statement of financial position.

                              The Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount
                              equal to the lifetime ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines to measure
                              it at an amount equal to the next 12 months ECL at the current reporting date since
                              the credit risk of that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                              recognition is no longer met, and the amount of ECL reversal is recognized in profit
                              or loss, except for POCI financial assets.


198 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (5)   Financial instruments (Continued)

                  (f)   Derivative financial instruments

                        Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date a
                        derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at their fair value.
                        Derivatives are recognized as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities
                        when the fair value is negative.

                        The changes on fair value of derivative financial instruments are directly recognized
                        in the consolidated income statement. The difference between fair value and carrying
                        amount is recognized as investment income when disposing.

                  (g)   Derecognition of Financial Instruments

                        A financial asset is derecognized, when one of the following criteria is satisfied: (i) the
                        contractual rights to receive cash flows from the assets have expired; (ii) the Group
                        has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
                        asset; (iii) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and
                        rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but has not retained control.

                        When equity financial assets designated as at FVOCI are derecognized, the
                        cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassified to retained
                        earnings. When other financial assets are derecognized, the cumulative gain or
                        loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and
                        recognized in “Net investment gains”.

                        A financial liability is derecognized when it is wholly or partly extinguished, that
                        is when the obligation is wholly or partly discharged. Fair value gains and losses
                        are charged to profit or loss. When financial liabilities designated as at FVPL are
                        derecognized, cumulative gains and losses are subsequently reclassified from other
                        comprehensive income to retained earnings.

                  (h)   Offsetting financial instruments

                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the
                        consolidated statement of financial position when there is a current legally enforceable
                        right to set off the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
                        basis, or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. Otherwise, financial
                        assets and financial liabilities are reported separately.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                199
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (6)    Leases

                        (a)   Initial measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability

                              Initial measurement of the right-of-use asset

                              The right-of-use asset is defined as the right of underlying assets in the lease term for
                              the Group as a lessee. The lease term is defined as the non-cancellable period of the
                              lease for the Group as a lessee.

                              At the commencement date, a lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost.
                              The cost of the right-of-use asset shall comprise:

                              (i)     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

                              (ii)    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any
                                      lease incentives received;

                              (iii)   any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and

                              (iv)    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing
                                      the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the
                                      underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the
                                      lease.

                              Initial direct costs are defined as incremental costs. Incremental costs would not have
                              been incurred if a lease had not been obtained.

                              Initial measurement of the lease liability

                              At the commencement date, a lessee shall measure the lease liability at the present
                              value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date.

                              The lease payments shall be discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease,
                              if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the
                              lessee shall use the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate.

                              The lessee uses as the discount rate the interest rate implicit in the lease – this
                              is the rate of interest that causes the present value of lease payments and the
                              unguaranteed residual value to equal the sum of the fair value of the underlying asset
                              and any initial direct costs of the lessor.

                              The incremental borrowing rate is defined as the rate of interest that a lessee would
                              have to pay to borrow, over a similar term and with a similar security, the funds
                              necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the cost of the right-of-use asset in
                              a similar economic environment.




200 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (6)   Leases (Continued)

                  (b)    Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability

                         Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset

                         At the commencement date, the Group as a lessee shall measure the right-of-use
                         asset at cost and apply the depreciation requirements in IAS 16 Property, Plant and
                         Equipment in depreciating the right-of-use asset. If the lease transfers ownership
                         of the underlying asset to the lessee by the end of the lease term, the lessee shall
                         depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the end of the
                         useful life of the underlying asset. Otherwise, the lessee shall depreciate the right-of-
                         use asset from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of
                         the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term.

                         Subsequent measurement of the lease liability

                         After the commencement date, the Group shall recognise interest on the lease liability
                         in profit or loss. Interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term shall
                         be the amount that produces a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
                         balance of the lease liability.

                  (c)    Recognition of short-term leases and leases of low value assets

                         Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months from the commencement
                         date or less. Leases of low value assets are the underlying assets are of low value
                         when new. The right-of-use asset and lease liability are not recognized by the Group
                         for short-term leases and leases of low value assets.

            (7)   Reverse repurchase agreements and financial assets sold under repurchase
                  agreements

                  Financial assets transferred as collateral in connection with repurchase agreements, involving
                  fixed repurchase dates and prices, are not derecognized. They continue to be recorded as
                  original financial assets before transferred. The corresponding liability is included in financial
                  assets sold under repurchase agreements.

                  Consideration paid for financial assets held under agreements to resell are recorded as
                  reverse repurchase agreements, the related collateral accepted is not recognized in the
                  consolidated financial statements.

                  The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale
                  and repurchase consideration, is amortized over the period of the respective transaction
                  using the effective interest method and is recognized through profit or loss.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                 201
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (8)    Margin financing and securities lending services

                        Margin financing and securities lending services refer to the lending of funds by the Group
                        to clients for purchase of securities, or lending of securities by the Group to clients for
                        securities selling, for which the clients provide the Group with collateral.

                        The Group recognizes margin accounts at initial recognition, and recognizes interest income
                        accordingly. Securities lent are not derecognized, but still accounted for as the original
                        financial assets, and interest income is recognized accordingly.

                        Securities trading on behalf of margin financing and securities lending clients are accounted
                        for as securities brokerage services.

                 (9)    Fiduciary wealth management

                        The Group’s fiduciary wealth management business includes targeted asset management,
                        collective asset management and specified asset management. The Group keeps separate
                        accounting records for each of these investment schemes, and periodically reconciles the
                        accounting and valuation results of each scheme with the custodians.

                 (10)   Associates

                        Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence. Significant
                        influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the
                        investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

                        The Group’s investments in associates are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
                        position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting. The
                        Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and reserves of associates is included in the
                        consolidated income statement and consolidated reserves, respectively. Unrealized gains
                        and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated
                        to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates.

                 (11)   Investment properties

                        Investment properties comprise real estate properties for the purpose of earning rental
                        income and/or for capital appreciation, including buildings that have been leased out.

                        The Group’s investment properties are accounted for using the cost model. The initial
                        recognition and subsequent measurement of buildings and properties that are leased out
                        are accounted for using the same measurement and depreciation methods as those for
                        property, plant and equipment.




202 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (12)   Property, plant and equipment

                   (a)   Recognition criteria for property, plant and equipment

                         Property, plant and equipment refer to tangible assets held and controlled by the
                         Group that the Group expects to use for more than one year for using in the supply
                         of services or for administrative purpose. An asset is recognized as property, plant
                         and equipment only if the following criteria are both satisfied:

                         (i)    It is highly probable that future economic benefits associated with the property,
                                plant and equipment will flow to the Group;

                         (ii)   The cost of the asset can be measured reliably.

                   (b)   Property, plant and equipment initially measured at cost

                         Cost of an item of purchased property, plant and equipment comprises purchase
                         price, tax and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the condition
                         necessary for its intended use and it includes transportation costs, installation and
                         assembly costs, and professional service fees.

                         Expenditure incurred after the property, plant and equipment have been put into
                         operation, such as repairs and maintenance expenditure are recognized in the profit
                         or loss as incurred. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated on
                         the straight-line basis monthly.

                         Estimated useful life, depreciation rate and estimated residual value of each item of
                         property, plant and equipment which are required by the operation of the Group are
                         as follows:

                                                              Estimated               Monthly        Estimated
                           Types of property                      useful          depreciation         residual
                           plant and equipment                       life                 rate            value


                           Properties and buildings             35 years            2.262‰                  5%
                           Electronic devices               2 to 5 years    1.667% – 4.167%                 0%
                           Transportation vehicles               5 years             1.617%                 3%
                           Communication equipment               5 years             1.617%                 3%
                           Office equipment                      3 years             2.778%                 0%
                           Security equipment                    5 years             1.617%                 3%
                           Others                                5 years             1.617%                 3%




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              203
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (12)   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                        (b)    Property, plant and equipment initially measured at cost (Continued)

                               The years that the property, plant and equipment were already in use were excluded
                               when determining the estimated useful lives of these types of the property, plant
                               and equipment. The estimated useful life, the estimated residual value and the
                               depreciation method of each type of the property, plant and equipment are reviewed,
                               and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial year end. Gains and losses on disposal
                               of property, plant and equipment, the costs of disposal and taxes in connection with
                               such disposal are considered in the determination of the estimated residual value.

                        (c)   Construction in progress

                               Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditure
                               incurred which include all necessary expenditure incurred during the construction
                               period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalization and other costs incurred to bring the
                               asset to its intended use. Items classified as construction in progress are transferred
                               to property, plant and equipment when such assets are ready for their intended use.

                 (13)   Intangible assets

                        Intangible assets are recognized only when it is probable that future economic benefits
                        associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
                        reliably, and measured initially at cost. Intangible assets acquired from business combination
                        and their fair value can be measured reliably are recognized as intangible assets individually
                        and measured at their fair value as at date of combination.

                        Useful lives of intangible assets are determined as the period that the assets are expected
                        to generate economic benefits for the Group, and when there is no foreseeable limit on
                        the period of time over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the
                        Group, the intangible assets are regarded as having indefinite useful life.

                        Intangible assets with finite useful lives shall be amortized on a straight-line basis over the
                        useful period. The useful lives and amortization method of the intangible assets with finite
                        useful lives shall be reviewed by the Group at least at each financial year end, and adjusted
                        as appropriate. The residual value of an intangible asset with a finite useful life shall be
                        assumed to be zero unless there is a commitment by a third party to purchase the asset at
                        the end of its useful life, or there is an active market for the asset, where residual value can
                        be determined by reference to that market; and it is probable that such a market will exist at
                        the end of the asset’s useful life.




204 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (13)   Intangible assets (Continued)

                   Trading seat rights at Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges are amortized over 10
                   years (subject to any changes in industry rules subsequently issued) and charged to the
                   consolidated income statement. Outsourcing software is amortized over 5 years. Self-
                   developed software, patents, non-patents, trade mark right, client relationship and other
                   intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives.

                   Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives need to be assessed for impairment no matter if
                   there is any impairment evidence. These assets need not to be amortized, and their useful
                   lives shall be reviewed during every accounting period. If there is any evidence to support
                   that the useful lives are definite, these intangible assets shall apply the policies of intangible
                   assets with definite useful lives.

            (14)   Long-term pre-paid expense

                   Improvement expenses on property, plant and equipment under operating leases are
                   amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the contractual lease terms and 5
                   years, while long-term pre-paid expenses are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
                   respective benefit periods but no longer than 10 years.

            (15)   Revenue

                   An entity should determine at contract inception whether control of a good or service is
                   transferred over time or at a point in time. The determination should depict the transfer of
                   benefits to the customer and should be evaluated from the customer’s perspective.

                   An entity should first assess whether the performance obligation is satisfied with the
                   following criteria over time. If not, the good or service transfers at a point in time.

                   (i)     The customer concurrently receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                           entity’s performance as the entity performs.

                   (ii)    The entity’s performance creates or enhances a customer-controlled assets.

                   (iii)   The entity’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use and the
                           entity has a right to payment for performance completed to date.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                205
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (15)   Revenue (Continued)

                        Where performance of a single service contract takes place over time, revenue should be
                        recognized as performance takes place, excluding the stage of performance cannot be
                        determined.

                        An entity that cannot reasonably measure the outcome of a performance obligation, but
                        expects to recover the costs incurred, should recognize revenue only to the extent of the
                        cost until a reliable measure of progress can be made.

                        An entity will recognize revenue at a point in time (when control transfers) for performance
                        obligation that meet the criteria for recognition of revenue at a point in time:

                        –     Revenue from underwriting services is recognized when the control of the
                              underwriting services is provided to the client. The revenue is usually recognized
                              upon completion of the offering.

                        –     Revenue from the securities brokerage services is recognized on the date of the
                              securities transaction.

                        –     Revenue from asset management services is recognized when management services
                              are provided in accordance with the asset management contract.

                        –     Revenues from other businesses, including investment banking advisory and
                              sponsoring services are recognized when the contractual obligations are fulfilled.

                        Interest income of debt investments of the Group at amortized costs and FVOCI, is
                        measured by carrying amount and effective interest rate. Interest income of credit impaired
                        financial assets are measured by amortized cost and effective interest rate. Net gains of
                        holding period from financial investments at FVPL is measured as “Net investment gains”.




206 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (16)   Income tax

                   Income tax comprises current tax and deferred income tax. Current tax is the amount of
                   current income tax payable calculated based on current taxable income. Taxable income is
                   calculated based on the adjustment to the current year pre-tax accounting profit according
                   to the applicable tax laws.

                   For current income tax liabilities or current income tax assets generated from the current and
                   prior periods, the expected income tax payable or the income tax deduction is calculated
                   according to the applicable tax laws.

                   The Group measures deferred income tax using the liability method on temporary differences
                   arising between the carrying amount and the respective tax base of assets, liabilities or
                   items that have not been recognized as assets and liabilities but whose tax base can be
                   determined according to tax laws and regulations at the end of the reporting period.

                   All taxable temporary differences are recognized as deferred income tax liabilities, except:

                   (i)    The deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an
                          asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of
                          the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable income or deductible
                          expenses and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
                          differences; and

                   (ii)   In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
                          subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the
                          temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary
                          differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                207
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (16)   Income tax (Continued)

                        Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, the
                        carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are
                        recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which
                        the deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax
                        losses can be utilized, except:

                        (i)    The deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises
                               from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business
                               combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit
                               nor taxable income or deductible expenses and does not give rise to equal taxable
                               and deductible temporary differences; and

                        (ii)   In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in
                               subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, deferred income tax assets are recognized
                               only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will be reversed in
                               the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary
                               differences can be utilised.

                        Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates
                        that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled,
                        based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
                        end of each reporting period and reflect the corresponding tax effect.

                        The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting
                        period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable income
                        will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. When it is
                        virtually probable that sufficient taxable income will be available, the reduced amount will be
                        reversed accordingly.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset:

                        (i)    when there is a legally enforceable right to set off deferred tax assets against deferred
                               tax liabilities; and

                        (ii)   when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group
                               intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.




208 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (17)   Employee compensation

                   Employee compensation refers to all forms of consideration and other related expenditure
                   given or incurred by the Group in exchange for services rendered by employees or
                   compensate for the termination of labour contract. The compensation payable is recognized
                   as liability in the accounting period of services provided by employee. The employee
                   compensation comprises of short-term compensation, post-employment welfare, termination
                   benefits, and other long-term employee welfares.

                   Short-term compensation comprises of staff salaries, bonus, allowances, and subsidies, as
                   well as social insurance expenses including employee welfare, medical insurance charge,
                   work-related injury insurance charge, and maternity insurance and also covers housing
                   funds, labour union expenses, personnel education expenses, short-term paid leave, short-
                   term profit-sharing plan, non-monetary welfare and other short-term compensations.

                   Post-employment welfare plans refer to agreements reached with employees or policies
                   and measures established by the Group in relation to post-employment welfare. The
                   defined contribution plans refer to post-employment welfare plans in which the Group pays
                   contribution to an independent fund and the Group has no further payment obligation.

            (18)   Government grants

                   Government grants are recognized at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance
                   that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. Where the
                   Group receives grants of monetary assets, the grants are recorded at the amount received
                   or receivable. Where the Group receives grants of non-monetary assets, the grants are
                   recorded at the fair value of the non-monetary assets. When fair value cannot be reliably
                   measured, they are recognized at nominal amount.

                   Government grants for purchasing, building or forming long-term assets in other methods
                   stipulated in government documents are recognized as government grants related to assets.
                   Judgements should be made based on the necessary basic conditions for obtaining the
                   government grants when government documents are unclearly stated. Government grants
                   with purchasing, building or forming long-term assets in other methods as basic condition
                   are recognized as government grants related to assets, whereas the other grants are related
                   to income.

                   Government grants related to income which are to compensate relevant expenditures
                   or losses in future periods are recognized as deferred income and released into the
                   consolidated income statement during the period when the expense incurs. Government
                   grants that are to compensate the incurred expenses or losses are recognized into profit
                   or loss directly. Government grants related to assets are recognized as deferred income,
                   and released to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant assets by equal
                   annual instalments. Government grants measured at nominal amount are recorded in the
                   consolidated income statement directly.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             209
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (19)   Impairment

                        The Group assesses impairment of assets other than deferred tax assets and financial
                        assets as follows:

                        The Group assesses at each financial reporting date whether there is any indication that
                        assets are impaired. When any such indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable
                        amount and assesses impairment allowance. For goodwill acquired from business
                        combination and intangible assets with indefinite useful life, no matter there is objective
                        evidence of impairment or not, impairment should be assessed at each annual financial
                        reporting date. Impairment for intangible assets not readily for use is also assessed annually.

                        The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and the
                        present value of the estimated future cash flow expected to be derived from the asset. The
                        Group estimates the recoverable amount on the basis of individual asset. When it is difficult
                        to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the recoverable value of the cash generating
                        units which the asset belongs to will be estimated. The recognition of a group of assets shall
                        base on whether the main cash flow generated by the group of assets is independent from
                        those generated by other assets or groups of assets.

                        When recoverable amounts of assets or groups of assets are lower than their carrying
                        amounts, the Group reduces the carrying amount to recoverable amount. The reduced
                        amounts are recognized in the consolidated income statement and corresponding
                        allowances are made.

                        For impairment test of goodwill, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the
                        acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-
                        generating units when being unable to be allocated to each of the cash-generating units.
                        Cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units refer to those that can benefit from
                        the synergies of the combination and are not larger than the reportable segment determined
                        by the Group.

                        When performing impairment test for the (groups of) cash-generating unit to which goodwill
                        is allocated, if there is indication of impairment, the Group firstly tests the (groups of) cash-
                        generating unit excluding goodwill, calculates the recoverable amount and recognizes
                        relevant impairment losses. The Group then tests the (groups of) cash-generating units
                        including goodwill, and compares the carrying amount and recoverable amount. If the
                        carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, the amount of impairment loss is firstly
                        deducted from the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the (groups of) cash-generating
                        unit, and then from the carrying amount of each of other assets (other than goodwill) within
                        the (groups of) cash-generating unit, on pro rata basis.

                        Once the loss of impairment of the above-mentioned assets has been recognized, it will not
                        be reversed in the future accounting period.




210 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                      (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (20)   Related parties

                   If a party has the power to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence over
                   another party, or vice versa, or where the Group and one or more parties are subject to
                   common control or joint control from another party, they are considered to be related
                   parties.

                   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

                   (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:

                          (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                          (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                          (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of
                                  the Group;

                   OR

                   (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                          (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                          (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent,
                                  subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

                          (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                          (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and other entity is an associate of
                                  the third entity;

                          (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of
                                  either the Group or an entity related to the Group;

                          (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a); and

                          (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a
                                  member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the
                                  entity).




                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               211
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

                 (21)   Contingencies

                        The obligation pertinent to contingencies shall be recognized as provisions when the
                        following conditions are satisfied concurrently:

                        –      the obligation is a present obligation of the Group;

                        –      the obligation is probable to cause a future outflow of resources from the Group as a
                               result of performance of the obligation; and

                        –      the amount of the obligation can be reliably measured.

                        The amount of a provision is initially measured in accordance with the best estimate of the
                        necessary expenses for the performance of the current obligation. To determine the best
                        estimate, the Group takes into full consideration of risks, uncertainty, time value of money
                        and other factors pertinent to the contingencies. The Group reviews the book value of the
                        provisions at each balance sheet date. If there is substantial evidence that the amount of
                        provisions cannot reflect the current best estimate, the Group will adjust the amount in
                        accordance with the current best estimate.

                        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that a rise from past events and whose
                        existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
                        uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or, a present obligation
                        that arises from past events but it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying
                        economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or the amount of the obligation
                        cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

                 (22)   Perpetual bonds

                        Perpetual bonds issued by the Group, which satisfied with the following criteria are
                        classified as equity instruments: (i) Financial instruments exclude contractual obligations to
                        deliver cash or another financial asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or
                        financial liabilities with another entity under potentially unfavourable conditions. (ii) Financial
                        instruments must or can be settled in the entity’s own equity instruments: (a) For non-
                        derivative contracts, they exclude those are settled gross by delivery of a variable number
                        of the entity’s own equity instruments; (b) Derivative contracts that result in the delivery of a
                        fixed amount of cash or other financial assets for a fixed number of the entity’s own equity
                        instruments.

                        Dividends for the perpetual bonds, which are classified as equity instruments, are accounted
                        for as profit distribution.




212 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                   (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.1   Material accounting policies (Continued)

            (23)   Profit distribution

                   After-tax profit for the year is firstly applied to make up for the losses of previous years.
                   Secondly, the Company sets aside 10% of after-tax profit for a statutory surplus reserve,
                   10% of after-tax profit for a general risk reserve, and according to the requirements of
                   the CSRC, sets aside 10% of after-tax profit for a transaction risk reserve. In addition,
                   with the approval from the Annual General Meeting, the Company may appropriate certain
                   proportions of net profit for a discretionary surplus reserve after setting aside the statutory
                   surplus reserve. The remaining after-tax profit is distributed according to the resolution
                   approved at the General Meeting. If the aggregate balance of the statutory reserve has
                   reached 50% of the Company’s registered capital, appropriation for the statutory reserve is
                   no longer mandatory.

                   General risk reserve and transaction risk reserve sets aside by the Company are used to
                   make up for any losses arising from securities transactions. The Company’s reserve funds
                   are used to make up for any losses of the Company, expand the Company’s business or
                   as additional capital of the Company. However, capital reserve cannot be used to make up
                   for the Company’s losses. When the statutory reserve funds are converted to capital, the
                   balance of the statutory reserve funds cannot be less than 25% of the Company’s registered
                   capital.

                   Dividends proposed by the directors are not deducted from equity, until they have been
                   approved by the General Meeting. When these dividends have been approved by the
                   General Meeting, they are recognized as a liability and deducted from equity.

      3.2   Significant accounting judgements and estimates

            On the balance sheet date, during the preparation of the Group’s financial statements, management
            will make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the impact of future uncertainties on
            revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent liabilities. At the end of the
            reporting period, management made the following judgements and main assumptions on major
            future uncertainties, which might lead to adjustments in the book value of assets and liabilities.

            (1)    Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance

                   The measurement of the expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance for debt instruments,
                   including investments in financial assets measured at amortized cost and FVOCI is an area
                   that requires the use of models and assumptions about future economic conditions and
                   credit behavior of the client (such as the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting
                   losses).




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              213
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.2   Significant accounting judgements and estimates (Continued)

                 (1)    Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance (Continued)

                        A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting
                        requirements for measuring ECL, such as:

                        –     Selection of the appropriate models and determination of relevant key measurement
                              parameters;

                        –     Criteria for determining whether or not there was a significant increase in credit risk,
                              or a default or impairment loss was incurred;

                        –     Determination of forward-looking measurements and weightings; and

                        –     The estimated future cash flows for the financial assets classified under Stage 3.

                        Inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques

                        ECL are the discounted product of probability of default having considered the forward-
                        looking impact, exposure at default, and loss given default.

                        Forward – looking information incorporated in the ECL model

                        A pervasive concept in measuring ECL in accordance with IFRS9 is that it should consider
                        forward-looking information. The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both
                        incorporated forward-looking information. The Group has performed historical data and
                        identified the key economic variables impacting credit risk and ECL for each financial
                        instrument portfolio. These economic variables and their associated impact on the probability
                        of default (“PD”) vary by product type. The impact of these economic variables on the PD
                        has been determined by performing statistical regression analysis to understand the impact
                        changes in these variables have had historically on default rates.

                        Details of the significant accounting judgements and estimates above please refer to Note
                        53.1.




214 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
      JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

      3.2   Significant accounting judgements and estimates (Continued)

            (2)   Classification of financial assets

                  When the Group determines the classification of financial assets, a number of significant
                  judgements in the business model and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the
                  financial assets are required. Factors considered by the Group in determining the business
                  model for a group of financial assets include past experience on how the cash flows for
                  these assets were collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and reported to
                  key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how managers are
                  compensated.

                  When the Group assesses whether the contractual cash flows of the financial assets are
                  consistent with basic lending arrangements, the main judgements are described as below:
                  whether the principal amount may change over the life of the financial asset (for example,
                  if there are prepayment of principal); whether the interest includes only consideration for
                  the time value of money, credit risk, other basic lending risks and a profit margin and cost,
                  associated with holding the financial asset for a particular period of time.

            (3)   Fair Value of financial instruments

                  For financial instruments where there is a lack of active market, the Group uses valuation
                  methods to determine its fair value. Valuation methods include referring to the transaction
                  price determined when fair transactions are conducted between economic entities with
                  complete information and willingness to buy and sell in the market, referring to the fair value
                  of another similar financial instrument in the market, or using discount cash flow analysis and
                  option pricing model to estimate. Valuation methods maximize the use of observable market
                  information. However, when observable market information is unavailable, management will
                  estimate the significant non-observable information included in the valuation methods.

            (4)   Income tax

                  The Group needs to make a judgement on future tax treatment of certain transactions
                  to confirm income tax. In accordance with relevant tax regulations, the Group carefully
                  evaluates the impact of income tax on transactions and accordingly calculates income tax.
                  The deferred income tax assets can only be recognized when there is a possibility of future
                  taxable profits and can be used to offset the temporary differences. This requires a major
                  judgement on the tax treatment of certain transactions and a significant estimate of the
                  possibility of having sufficient future taxable profits to offset deferred income tax assets.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              215
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           3.2   Significant accounting judgements and estimates (Continued)

                 (5)    Consolidation of structured entities

                        Management needs to make significant judgements on whether to control and consolidate
                        structured entities, confirming whether it will affect accounting treatment and the financial
                        situation and operating results of the Group.

                        In assessing control, the Group needs to consider: 1) the power of the investor to the
                        investee; 2) the variable return enjoyed by the investee in the relevant activities; and 3) the
                        ability to use the power of the investee to influence the amount of its return. If one or more
                        of the three control elements mentioned above change, the Group will reassess whether
                        control still exists.

                        In judging whether the Group controls the structured entities, it also needs to consider
                        whether the Group’s decision-making behavior is carried out as a principal or as an agent.
                        Considerations usually include the scope of decision-making power of the Group to the
                        structured entities, the substantive rights enjoyed by other parties, the level of remuneration
                        of the Group, and the risk that the Group bears variable returns for holding other interests of
                        the structured entities.

     4     TAXATION

           According to relevant PRC tax policies, the most significant categories of taxes to which the Group is
           currently subjected are as follows:

           (1)   Income tax

                 From 1 January 2008, the “Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC” and the “Regulations on the
                 Implementation of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC” became effective for the Company.
                 Income tax computation and payment are governed by the “Announcement of the State
                 Administration of Taxation on Printing and Distributing Administrative Measures for Collection of
                 Consolidated Payments of Enterprise Income Tax by Enterprises with Multi-Location Operations”
                 (Public Notice of the State Administration of Taxation [2012] No. 57). The PRC Enterprise income
                 tax rate applicable to the Company is 25%.

                 Subsidiaries shall be charged at the applicable tax rate based on their tax residency status and
                 preferential tax policies.




216 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      (2)    Value added tax

             Pursuant to the “Circular regarding the Comprehensive Implementation of the Pilot Programs
             for Transformation from Business Taxes to Value-added Taxes (the “VAT Pilot Programs”)” (Cai
             Shui [2016] No.36), the “Circular regarding Further Clarification of Relevant Policies Applicable to
             the Financial Sector in the Comprehensive Implementation of the VAT Pilot Programs (Cai Shui
             [2016] No.46), the “Supplementary Circular regarding VAT Policies Applicable to Transactions
             between Financial Institutions” (Cai Shui [2016] No.70) issued by the MOF and the SAT of the PRC,
             effective from 1 May 2016, the Group is subject to value-added taxes on its income from principal
             businesses at 6%.

             In accordance with the “Circular regarding the Value-added Taxes Policies for Financial, Real
             Estate Development and Education Ancillary and Other Services” (Cai Shui [2016] No.140), the
             “Supplementary Circular regarding Issues concerning Value-added Taxes Policies for Asset
             Management Products” (Cai Shui [2017] No.2) and the “Circular on the Relevant Issues concerning
             Value-added Tax Levied on Asset Management Products” (Cai Shui [2017] No.56), the Group shall
             pay VAT at rate of 3% for related asset management taxable activities undertaken after 1 January
             2018 as the manager of asset management products.

      (3)    Urban maintenance and construction taxes, educational surcharges and local educational
             surcharges are charged at 7%/5%/1%, 3% and 2% of the actual payment of the turnover
             tax, respectively.

      (4)    Vehicle and vessel taxes, property taxes and stamp duties are levied in accordance with
             the provisions of the relevant tax laws and regulations.

5     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

      For management purposes, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately
      according to the nature of their operations and the services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating
      segments represents a strategic business engaged in the following activities.

      Investment banking segment: provides investment banking services, including financial advisory,
      sponsoring, underwriting of equity and debt securities.

      Wealth management segment: serves as a brokerage agent for corporate and personal clients in the
      trading of equity stocks, funds, bonds and futures; and provides margin financing and securities lending
      services to these clients.

      Trading and institutional client services segment: engages in trading of financial products; serves as a
      brokerage agent for institutional clients (financial institutions) in the trading of equity stocks, funds and
      bonds, and provides them with margin financing and securities lending; provides services in relation to
      sales of financial products to institutional clients, and provides specialized research and advisory services
      to assist their investment decision-making.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              217
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     5     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

           Asset management segment: develops asset management products, fund management products services,
           and private placement offerings, and provides related services through subsidiaries and consolidated
           structured entities.

           Other segment: primarily commodity trading and the treasury function from the head office.

           Management monitors the performance and results of these operating segments for considerations of
           resource allocation and operating decision-making.

           Income taxes are managed as a whole and are not allocated to operating segments.

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                    Trading and
                                                                                    institutional
                                                             Investment     Wealth         client      Asset
                                                                banking management      services management              Others           Total

            Segment revenue and other income
              Fee and commission income                       3,274,103      7,702,936      4,744,867    1,345,967            –      17,067,873
              Interest income                                         –      4,709,654      3,570,119           88      576,199       8,856,060
              Net investment gains                                    –              –      8,485,638      100,016      105,801       8,691,455
              Other income                                        3,000         81,242        (54,816)       6,665      333,601         369,692

            Total revenue and other income                    3,277,103     12,493,832     16,745,808    1,452,736     1,015,601     34,985,080

            Segment expenses                                 (2,111,840)    (8,878,871)   (10,980,775)    (720,608)     (559,552)   (23,251,646)
              Including: Interest expenses                            –     (1,747,428)    (5,925,369)     (23,464)      (64,784)    (7,761,045)
                         Credit impairment losses                (1,153)       (88,667)      (207,145)          (7)       (2,420)      (299,392)
                         Impairment losses on other assets            –              –              –            –        (3,729)        (3,729)

            Operating profit                                  1,165,263      3,614,961      5,765,033     732,128       456,049      11,733,434

            Share of profits of associates                            –              –              –            –         3,263          3,263

            Profit before income tax                          1,165,263      3,614,961      5,765,033     732,128       459,312      11,736,697

            Income tax expense                                                                                                       (2,282,674)

            Net profit for the year                                                                                                   9,454,023


            Segment assets                                     673,777     193,331,249    417,471,085    5,842,404    58,940,193    676,258,708
            Deferred tax assets                                                                                                         557,083

            Total assets                                                                                                            676,815,791


            Segment liabilities                                803,500     157,914,880    367,125,662    3,206,040    28,491,153    557,541,235
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                    124,245

            Total liabilities                                                                                                       557,665,480

            Other segment information:
              Depreciation and amortization                    169,889        462,222        452,341       57,487        84,251       1,226,190
              Capital expenditure                               73,132        195,471        201,410       27,723        31,702         529,438



218 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

5     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                  Trading and
                                                                                   institutional
                                                       Investment         Wealth          client      Asset
                                                          banking    management        services management             Others              Total


      Segment revenue and other income
        Fee and commission income                      2,677,265       5,785,384      3,529,558      1,343,745             –        13,335,952
        Interest income                                        –       4,502,037      3,425,317          1,415       754,022         8,682,791
        Net investment gains                                   –               –      7,792,382        (64,663)       35,338         7,763,057
        Other income                                         102          78,498         41,413          6,871       231,506           358,390


      Total revenue and other income                   2,677,367      10,365,919     14,788,670      1,287,368      1,020,866       30,140,190


      Segment expenses                                 (2,193,156)    (7,899,912)    (10,029,416)     (719,219)      (616,567)     (21,458,270)
        Including: Interest expenses                            –     (1,548,424)      (6,085,841)      (31,161)     (231,575)       (7,897,001)
                   Credit impairment losses                  (951)      (144,508)          57,448           275          (2,862)         (90,598)
                   Impairment losses on other assets            –              –                –             –        (18,582)          (18,582)


      Operating profit                                   484,211       2,466,007      4,759,254       568,149        404,299         8,681,920

      Share of profits of associates                            –              –                –             –         8,318             8,318


      Profit before income tax                           484,211       2,466,007      4,759,254       568,149        412,617         8,690,238


      Income tax expense                                                                                                            (1,454,710)


      Net profit for the year                                                                                                        7,235,528


      Segment assets                                   1,536,624     139,983,411    376,150,112      5,013,529     43,654,132      566,337,808
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                               80,410


      Total assets                                                                                                                 566,418,218


      Segment liabilities                              1,688,508     113,187,769    325,446,438      2,772,579     16,646,358      459,741,652
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                         157,616


      Total liabilities                                                                                                            459,899,268


      Other segment information:
        Depreciation and amortization                    163,077        410,824         495,443         63,708       118,676         1,251,728
        Capital expenditure                               66,949        179,485         209,441         35,599        47,365           538,839




                                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                               219
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     6     FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2025             2024


            Brokerage services income                                     11,588,111         8,673,494
            Investment banking income                                      3,274,103         2,677,265
            Asset and fund management income                               1,345,967         1,343,745
            Others                                                           859,692           641,448


            Total                                                         17,067,873        13,335,952


     7     INTEREST INCOME

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2025             2024


            Margin financing and securities lending                        3,449,113         3,069,630
            Deposits in financial institutions                             2,740,013         3,079,531
            Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                         2,343,880         2,132,995
            Financial assets held under resale agreements                    293,253           365,826
            Others                                                            29,801            34,809


            Total                                                          8,856,060         8,682,791


     8     NET INVESTMENT GAINS

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2025             2024


            Net gains from financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                              17,638,816         9,366,893
            Dividend income from financial assets at fair value
              through other comprehensive income                             672,694           66,315
            Net gains from disposal of financial assets at fair value
              through other comprehensive income                             207,284          405,217
            Net losses from financial liabilities at fair value through
              profit or loss                                               (1,304,233)      (1,579,571)
            Net losses from derivatives                                    (8,648,350)        (599,622)
            Others                                                            125,244          103,825


            Total                                                          8,691,455         7,763,057




220 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                 (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

9     OTHER INCOME

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2025             2024


      Government grants                                                        68,817              97,923
      Net gains on foreign exchange                                            45,734              75,117
      Rental income                                                            14,837              14,093
      (Losses)/gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment              (2,960)                159
      Others                                                                  243,264             171,098


      Total                                                                   369,692             358,390


10    EXPENSES

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2025             2024


      Fee and commission expenses:
        Brokerage services expenses                                         3,617,658            2,855,858
        Investment banking expenses                                           144,928              186,862
        Others                                                                138,422              152,034


      Total                                                                 3,901,008            3,194,754


      Interest expenses:
        Bonds in issue                                                      3,612,121            3,377,612
        Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                   2,403,582            2,676,615
        Short-term financing instruments payable                              985,895              840,143
        Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                 415,548              472,476
        Borrowings                                                            146,363               45,352
        Placements from banks and other financial institutions                106,658              318,313
        Lease liabilities                                                      32,426               48,046
        Others                                                                 58,452              118,444


      Total                                                                 7,761,045            7,897,001


      Staff costs (including directors’ and
        supervisors’ remuneration):
        Staff salaries                                                      5,282,831            4,567,689
        Other social benefits                                                 724,527              739,508
        Contributions to defined contribution schemes (i)                     691,430              723,977
        Others                                                                345,432              277,681


      Total                                                                 7,044,220            6,308,855




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.         221
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     10    EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

           (i)           Retirement benefits are included, and their nature is described below:

                         Full-time employees of the Group in Chinese Mainland are covered by various government-sponsored retirement
                         plans including social pension schemes and corporate pension schemes, under which the employees are entitled to a
                         monthly pension. Relevant government agencies determine the amount of pension benefits and are responsible for the
                         related pension liabilities to eligible retired employees. The Group is required to make monthly contributions to these
                         government-sponsored retirement plans for active employees, which are expensed as incurred. The Group has no
                         obligation for post-retirement benefits beyond these contributions.


           In addition, the Group participates in various defined contribution retirement schemes for its qualified
           employees in certain countries or regions outside of Chinese Mainland.

           Other operating expenses and costs:

                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2025             2024


                 Electronic equipment operating expenses                                                 554,558                    467,570
                 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     531,219                    560,363
                 Membership fees of exchanges                                                            314,847                    269,941
                 Amortization of intangible assets                                                       311,416                    272,044
                 Depreciation expenses                                                                   262,103                    290,756
                 Business Travel Expenses                                                                206,414                    211,410
                 Non-operating expenses                                                                   94,643                     97,374
                 Auditors’ remuneration                                                                    5,563                      5,291
                   Including: Audit service                                                                5,178                      5,253
                              Non-audit service                                                              385                         38
                 Others                                                                                1,798,590                  1,653,182


                 Total                                                                                 4,079,353                  3,827,931




222 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                          (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

11   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION

     (1)   Details of the directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration are as follows:

                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                          Total
                                            Salaries and Discretionary         Other    Retirement     Directors’ remuneration
            Name                             allowances       bonuses        benefits     benefits          fees     before tax


            Executive Directors
              Liu Cheng (Chairman) (a)            1,479              –            80           135             –          1,694
              Wang Changqing (b)                    445              –            24            40             –            509
              Jin Jianhua (c)                     1,417              –            97           158             –          1,672

            Non-executive Directors
             Zhu Yong (Vice Chairman) (e)             –              –             –             –             –             –
             Li Min (Vice Chairman)                   –              –             –             –             –             –
             Wang Guanglong (e)                       –              –             –             –             –             –
             Yan Xiaolei                              –              –             –             –             –             –
             Hua Shurui (g)                           –              –             –             –             –             –
             Liu Yanming (i)                          –              –             –             –             –             –
             Yang Dong                                –              –             –             –             –             –
             Wang Hua                                 –              –             –             –             –             –
             Dai Bo (j)                             202              –            16            27             –           245

            Independent Non-executive
              Directors
              Pu Weiguang                             –              –              –            –           345           345
              Lai Guanrong                            –              –              –            –           345           345
              Zhang Zheng                             –              –              –            –           345           345
              Wu Xi                                   –              –              –            –           345           345
              Zheng Wei                               –              –              –            –           345           345

            Supervisors (k)
              Dong Hongfu                             –              –             –             –             –              –
              Dai Bo                              1,016              –            80           135             –          1,231
              Lin Xuan                            1,036              –            88           144             –          1,268
              Li Fang                                 –              –             –             –             –              –
              Wang Xiaoguang                          –              –             –             –             –              –
              Zhao Ming                             979              –            88           131             –          1,198


            Total                                 6,574              –           473           770         1,725          9,542




                                                                 Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                       223
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     11    DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

           (1)   Details of the directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                                                                 Total
                                               Salaries and   Discretionary          Other    Retirement    Directors’   remuneration
                   Name                         allowances        bonuses          benefits     benefits          fees      before tax


                   Executive Directors
                     Wang Changqing (b)              1,837               –              94          162             –           2,093
                     Jin Jianhua (c)                   234               –              16           30             –             280
                     Zou Yingguang (d)               1,082               –              78          135             –           1,295

                   Non-executive Directors
                    Li Min (Vice Chairman)               –               –               –             –            –               –
                    Wu Ruilin (f)                        –               –               –             –            –               –
                    Yan Xiaolei                          –               –               –             –            –               –
                    Hua Shurui (g)                       –               –               –             –            –               –
                    Zhu Jia (h)                          –               –               –             –            –               –
                    Liu Yanming (i)                      –               –               –             –            –               –
                    Yang Dong                            –               –               –             –            –               –
                    Wang Hua                             –               –               –             –            –               –

                   Independent Non-executive
                     Directors
                     Pu Weiguang                         –               –               –             –          365             365
                     Lai Guanrong                        –               –               –             –          370             370
                     Zhang Zheng                         –               –               –             –          365             365
                     Wu Xi                               –               –               –             –          370             370
                     Zheng Wei                           –               –               –             –          365             365

                   Supervisors
                     Dong Hongfu                         –               –               –            –             –               –
                     Dai Bo (j)                        101               –               8           14             –             123
                     Zhou Xiaoyu                     1,184               –              86          148             –           1,418
                     Lin Xuan                        1,189               –              94          156             –           1,439
                     Li Fang                             –               –               –            –             –               –
                     Ai Bo                               –               –               –            –             –               –
                     Wang Xiaoguang                      –               –               –            –             –               –
                     Zhao Ming                       1,006               –              94          141             –           1,241


                   Total                             6,633               –             470          786         1,835           9,724




224 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

11   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

     (1)   Details of the directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration are as follows: (Continued)

           For the year ended 31 December 2025, the pre-tax remuneration for Executive Directors and
           Supervisors includes the remuneration and insurance benefits accrued and paid out during their
           tenure in 2025. For Executive Directors and Supervisors who will receive remuneration from the
           Group during the reporting period, their final remuneration is still under confirmation, and the
           remaining portion will be disclosed once confirmed.

           For the year ended 31 December 2024, the pre-tax remuneration for Executive Directors and
           Supervisors includes the remuneration and insurance benefits accrued and paid out during their
           tenure in 2024. For Executive Directors and Supervisors who will receive remuneration from the
           Group during the reporting period, their final remuneration is still under confirmation, and the
           remaining portion will be disclosed once confirmed.

           In 2025 and 2024, no directors and supervisors waived their remuneration. For non-executive
           directors and supervisors whose pre-tax remuneration were not paid by the Group was shown as
           zero in the above tables.

           (a)   Liu Cheng was appointed as director and executive director in March 2025.

           (b)   Wang Changqing resigned as director and executive director in March 2025.

           (c)   Jin Jianhua was appointed as executive director and general manager in November 2024.

           (d)   Zou Yingguang resigned as executive director in November 2024.

           (e)   Zhu Yong was appointed as non-executive director and vice chairman in August 2025.
                 Wang Guanglong was appointed as non-executive director in August 2025.

           (f)   Wu Ruilin resigned as non-executive director and vice chairman in October 2024.

           (g)   Hua Shurui was appointed as non-executive director in June 2024.

           (h)   Zhu Jia resigned as non-executive director in April 2024.




                                                          Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.          225
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     11    DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

           (1)   Details of the directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration are as follows: (Continued)

                 (i)    Liu Yanming was appointed as non-executive director in April 2024. and resigned as non-
                        executive director in August 2025.

                 (j)    Dai Bo was appointed as supervisor in December 2024, and was appointed as non-
                        executive director and employee representative director in November 2025.

                 (k)    Following the approval at the Fourth Extraordinary General Meeting in 2025, the Company
                        will no longer have the Supervisory Committee as of November 21, 2025. The current
                        members of the Supervisory Committee, Lin Xuan, Dong Hongfu, Li Fang, Wang Xiaoguang,
                        Zhao Ming, and Dai Bo, will no longer serve as supervisors of the Company as of November
                        21, 2025. Lin Xuan will also no longer serve as the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee.

           (2)   Other benefits and rights of directors and supervisors

                 For each of the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, no emoluments were
                 paid by the Group to any of the persons who were directors, or supervisors as an inducement to
                 join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. Except for the contributions to
                 social pension schemes and corporate pension schemes, there were no other retirement benefits
                 for directors or supervisors; meanwhile, there were no consideration provided to third parties for
                 making available directors’ or supervisors’ services.

                 For each of the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, no significant
                 transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                 Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether
                 directly or indirectly. In addition, the Group did not provide any guarantees or securities to certain
                 controlled body corporates and connected entities of the directors or supervisors in respect of their
                 loans, quasi-loans or credit transactions.




226 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                 (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

12   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

     For the year ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, none of the five highest paid employees
     are directors or supervisors whose remuneration is disclosed in Note 11. The remuneration of the five
     highest paid employees is as follows:

                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2025             2024


      Salaries, allowances and other benefits                                   14,970                12,285
      Retirement benefits                                                          497                   351
      Discretionary bonuses                                                          –                     –


      Total                                                                     15,467                12,636


     The number of these individuals whose remuneration fell within the following bands is set out below:

                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2025             2024


      RMB2,000,001 to RMB3,000,000 yuan                                               2                     5
      RMB3,000,001 to RMB4,000,000 yuan                                               3                     –


      Total                                                                           5                     5


     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the pre-tax remuneration of the above employees includes the
     remuneration and insurance benefits accrued and paid out during their tenure in 2025. The Group’s final
     remuneration is still under confirmation.

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the pre-tax remuneration of the above employees includes the
     remuneration and insurance benefits accrued and paid out during their tenure in 2024. The Group’s final
     remuneration is still under confirmation.

     For each of the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, no remunerations were paid by
     the Group to these individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
     loss of office.




                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.           227
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     13    CREDIT IMPAIRMENT LOSSES

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025             2024

            Financial assets at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                                             183,586               (98,867)
            Financial assets held under resale agreements                           (115,947)            (110,869)
            Margin accounts                                                          249,736              297,657
            Others                                                                   (17,983)                2,677

            Total                                                                   299,392                90,598


     14    INCOME TAX EXPENSE
           (1)      Income tax

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025             2024

                     Current income tax
                       – Chinese Mainland                                         2,838,480            1,227,774
                       – Outside Chinese Mainland                                   126,907               42,973

                     Subtotal                                                     2,965,387            1,270,747

                     Deferred income tax                                            (682,713)            183,963

                     Total                                                        2,282,674            1,454,710


           (2)      Reconciliation between income tax and accounting profit

                    A reconciliation of the income tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the PRC statutory
                    income tax rate of 25% to income tax expense at the Group’s effective income tax rate is as
                    follows:

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025             2024

                     Profit before income tax                                    11,736,697            8,690,238

                     Income tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate              2,934,174            2,172,560
                     Effects of different applicable rates of tax prevailing
                       in various jurisdictions                                      (86,834)            (104,015)
                     Non-deductible expenses                                          45,211              111,709
                     Non-taxable income                                             (487,507)            (679,302)
                     Others                                                         (122,370)              (46,242)

                     Income tax expenses at the Group’s effective
                       income tax rate                                            2,282,674            1,454,710




228 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

15   DIVIDENDS

                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2025             2024


      Dividends to equity holders                                             2,559,709              2,637,276
      Including: Dividends on ordinary shares proposed and paid               1,487,924              2,637,276
                 Dividends on ordinary shares proposed but
                   not paid                                                   1,071,785                       –


      Distribution to other equity instrument holders                           998,530              1,066,528


     The first half of 2025 profit distribution plan was approved at the 2025 Fourth Extraordinary General
     Meeting held on 21 November 2025, the first half of 2025 profit distribution plan was RMB1.65 (tax
     inclusive) per 10 ordinary shares in the form of cash dividends, amounting to RMB1,279.85 million (tax
     inclusive) in total on the basis of 7,756,694,797 shares. All dividends were fully distributed by 8 January
     2026.

     The 2024 profit distribution plan was approved at the 2024 Annual General Meeting held on 27 June
     2025, the 2024 final profit distribution plan was RMB1.65 (tax inclusive) per 10 ordinary shares in the form
     of cash dividends, amounting to RMB1,279.85 million (tax inclusive) in total on the basis of 7,756,694,797
     shares. All dividends were fully distributed by 21 August 2025.

16   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
     THE COMPANY

     Basic earnings per share was calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity
     holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding. The calculations
     of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2025             2024


      Earnings:
      Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company                    9,439,424              7,223,220
        Less: Profit attributable to other equity
                   instrument holders of the Company                            (998,530)           (1,066,528)


      Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company           8,440,894              6,156,692


      Shares:
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares
        in issue (thousand)                                                   7,756,695              7,756,695


      Basic and diluted earnings per share (in RMB yuan)                            1.09                   0.79


     There were no dilutive shares during the year ended 31 December 2025 (year ended 31 December 2024:
     None). Therefore, diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             229
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     17    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                 Properties Communication        Office Transportation       Security    Electronic
                                              and buildings    equipment     equipment        vehicles     equipment        devices    Others           Total


            Cost
            31 December 2024                       426,162          3,942       65,254          34,348        11,979     1,495,965     24,996      2,062,646
            Increases                                    –             74        4,771           2,656         1,127       150,074         64        158,766
            Decreases                                    –            (64)      (2,413)         (2,541)         (593)      (37,770)      (613)       (43,994)
            Transfer to investment property         (5,173)             –            –               –             –             –          –          (5,173)
            Foreign currency translation
              differences                                 –             –          (117)              –             –          (434)          –          (551)


            31 December 2025                       420,989          3,952       67,495          34,463        12,513     1,607,835     24,447      2,171,694


            Accumulated depreciation
            31 December 2024                      (190,588)        (2,630)      (45,504)       (30,180)        (7,046)   (1,072,886)   (11,990)    (1,360,824)
            Increases                               (11,502)         (360)        (9,056)        (1,467)       (1,504)     (235,502)     (2,712)     (262,103)
            Decreases                                     –            61          2,386          2,465           576        37,708         607        43,803
            Transfer to investment property           2,041             –              –              –             –             –           –         2,041
            Foreign currency translation
              differences                                 –             –           116               –             –          353            –          469


            31 December 2025                      (200,049)        (2,929)      (52,058)       (29,182)        (7,974)   (1,270,327)   (14,095)    (1,576,614)


            Net carrying amount
            31 December 2025                       220,940          1,023       15,437           5,281          4,539      337,508     10,352        595,080


            31 December 2024                       235,574          1,312       19,750           4,168          4,933      423,079     13,006        701,822




230 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

18   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                   Properties
                                                and buildings          Others            Total


     Cost
     31 December 2024                               2,566,907         325,807        2,892,714
     Increases                                        270,997           4,584          275,581
     Decreases                                       (386,202)           (424)        (386,626)
     Foreign currency translation differences           (3,972)             –            (3,972)


     31 December 2025                               2,447,730         329,967        2,777,697


     Accumulated depreciation
     31 December 2024                               (1,490,009)       (261,231)     (1,751,240)
     Increases                                        (469,804)         (61,415)      (531,219)
     Decreases                                         380,282              413        380,695
     Foreign currency translation differences            4,348                –          4,348


     31 December 2025                               (1,575,183)      (322,233)      (1,897,416)


     Net carrying amount
     31 December 2025                                 872,547            7,734        880,281


     31 December 2024                               1,076,898           64,576       1,141,474




                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.         231
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     19    INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                          Self-
                                                                     developed        Trading
                                                                          data     seat rights
                                                        Software     resources     and others         Total


            Cost
            31 December 2024                           1,951,070         2,356         75,408    2,028,834
            Increases                                    317,692           409              –      318,101
            Decreases                                   (102,465)            –              –     (102,465)
            Foreign currency translation differences        (966)            –            (23)        (989)


            31 December 2025                           2,165,331         2,765         75,385    2,243,481


            Accumulated amortization
            31 December 2024                           (1,095,446)         (327)      (69,600)   (1,165,373)
            Increases                                    (310,596)         (820)            –      (311,416)
            Decreases                                      99,815             –             –        99,815
            Foreign currency translation differences          762             –             –           762


            31 December 2025                           (1,305,465)       (1,147)      (69,600)   (1,376,212)


            Net carrying amount
            31 December 2025                             859,866         1,618          5,785      867,269


            31 December 2024                             855,624         2,029          5,808      863,461




232 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

20   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                             31 December                          31 December
                                                                                                                    2025                                 2024


           Investments in subsidiaries                                                                            11,700,844                         11,700,844


     General information of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                                  Proportion of equity interest/
                                              Principal         Place of       Registered                  voting right          Directly/
           Name of subsidiaries               operating place   registration   share capital          As at 31 December          Indirectly hold Principal activities
                                                                                                          2025            2024


           China Futures Co., Ltd.            Chongqing         Chongqing      RMB1,400 million          100%            100%      Directly         Futures brokerage

           China Capital Management           Beijing           Beijing        RMB3,500 million          100%            100%      Directly         Project investment
             Co., Ltd.

           China Securities (International)   Hong Kong         Hong Kong      Not applicable            100%            100%      Directly         Shareholding and
             Finance Holding Co., Ltd. (i)                                                                                                            investment

           China Fund Management Co., Ltd. Beijing              Beijing        RMB450 million            100%            100%      Directly         Funds business, asset
                                                                                                                                                      management

           China Securities Investment        Beijing           Beijing        RMB6,100 million          100%            100%      Directly         Investment
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                management,
                                                                                                                                                      equity investment
                                                                                                                                                      management,
                                                                                                                                                      investment
                                                                                                                                                      consultancy and
                                                                                                                                                      project management

     (i)            China Securities (International) Finance Holding Co., Ltd. is registered as a limited company according to the laws of
                    Hong Kong, China. Others are registered as limited liability companies according to the laws of the People’s Republic
                    of China.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                        233
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     21    INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                   31 December                      31 December
                                                                                                          2025                             2024


             Investments in associates                                                                      102,588                         122,782


           The following table illustrates details of investments in associates:

                                                                                                                  Cash      Impairment
                                                                                            Movement         dividends       allowance
                                                         1 January                            using the      or profits          for the    31 December
             Name                                             2025   Increase   Decrease equity method        declared     current year            2025


             CITIC Urban Development Equity Investment
               Fund Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.         63,546          –          –             269       (23,200)                –         40,615
             Beijing Shunlong Zhiyuan Enterprise
               Management Consulting Co., Ltd.              30,170          –          –           3,789           (262)               –         33,697
             Beijing Equity Trading Center Co., Ltd.        29,066          –          –            (790)             –                –         28,276


             Total                                         122,782          –          –           3,268       (23,462)                –        102,588


                                                                                                                   Cash      Impairment
                                                                                              Movement        dividends       allowance
                                                         1 January                              using the     or profits          for the   31 December
             Name                                            2024    Increase   Decrease   equity method       declared     current year           2024


             CITIC Urban Development Equity Investment
               Fund Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.         59,120          –          –           4,426              –                –         63,546
             Beijing Shunlong Zhiyuan Enterprise
               Management Consulting Co., Ltd.              28,172          –          –           2,197           (199)               –         30,170
             Beijing Equity Trading Center Co., Ltd.        27,364          –          –           1,702              –                –         29,066


             Total                                         114,656          –          –           8,325           (199)               –        122,782


           (1)       As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, given there was no new sign of impairment on the Group’s
                     investments in associates, no further loss allowance was made.

           (2)       CITIC City Development Equity Investment Fund Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. was renamed as CITIC Urban
                     Development Equity Investment Fund Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. on 29 August 2024.




234 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                           (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

22   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                  31 December          31 December
                                                         2025                 2024


     Non-current
     Debt instruments                                    19,504               27,641
     Equity investments                               9,128,140            7,581,711
     Fund investments                                   264,853              182,564
     Others                                             566,602              797,418


     Subtotal                                         9,979,099            8,589,334


     Analyzed into:
       Listed                                           730,654              283,657
       Unlisted                                       9,248,445            8,305,677


     Subtotal                                         9,979,099            8,589,334


     Current
     Debt instruments                                65,319,225         102,392,451
     Equity investments                              13,385,728          19,008,672
     Fund investments                                41,713,049          21,297,840
     Others                                          56,267,750          50,683,119


     Subtotal                                      176,685,752          193,382,082


     Analyzed into:
       Listed                                      121,883,040          151,065,762
       Unlisted                                     54,802,712           42,316,320


     Subtotal                                      176,685,752          193,382,082


     Total                                         186,664,851          201,971,416




                                      Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.         235
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     22    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
           (CONTINUED)

           As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of financial assets with commitment conditions held by the Group
           were RMB56,957.04 million (31 December 2024: RMB83,805.18 million).

           As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
           held by the Group included the outstanding balance of the securities lent. For more details, please refer to
           Note 27.

           As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in restricted
           period held by the Group was RMB1,663.88 million (31 December 2024: RMB1,513.13 million).

     23    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
           INCOME

                                                                                 31 December            31 December
                                                                                        2025                   2024


            Non-current
            Equity investments                                                      52,162,155            14,742,205


            Analyzed into:
              Listed                                                                51,980,755            14,730,805
              Unlisted                                                                 181,400                11,400


            Subtotal                                                                52,162,155            14,742,205


            Current
            Debt instruments                                                        93,348,017            77,559,632
            Equity investments                                                          60,654                79,460


            Subtotal                                                                93,408,671            77,639,092


            Analyzed into:
              Listed                                                                93,408,671            77,639,092


            Subtotal                                                                93,408,671            77,639,092


            Total                                                                  145,570,826            92,381,297


           As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of financial assets with commitment conditions held by the Group
           were RMB101,976.14 million (31 December 2024: RMB47,838.25 million).

           As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
           income in restricted period held by the Group was RMB605.56 million (31 December 2024: RMB1,346.06
           million).




236 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

24   REFUNDABLE DEPOSITS

                                                                                                 31 December               31 December
                                                                                                        2025                      2024


      Performance deposits                                                                           19,851,255                  12,254,691
      Trading deposits                                                                                  595,500                     509,377
      Credit deposits                                                                                   106,140                      65,075


      Total                                                                                          20,552,895                  12,829,143


25   DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/LIABILITIES

     Changes of deferred tax assets/liabilities before offset are as follows:

                                                       Salaries,      Fair value      Allowance
                                                  bonuses, and          changes        for credit
                                                    allowances       of financial    impairment            Lease
      Deferred tax assets                               payable     instruments           losses       liabilities    Others            Total


      1 January 2025                                    859,843           11,438         606,575        308,086       64,357        1,850,299
      (Debited)/credited to the consolidated
        income statement                               (110,596)        774,127           69,670         (92,858)     11,822         652,165
      Debited to other comprehensive income                   –               –              (55)           (287)       (266)           (608)


      31 December 2025                                  749,247         785,565          676,190        214,941       75,913        2,501,856


                                                        Salaries,      Fair value      Allowance
                                                   bonuses, and          changes        for credit
                                                     allowances       of financial    impairment           Lease
      Deferred tax assets                                payable     instruments           losses       liabilities   Others            Total


      1 January 2024                                  1,028,325           26,477         584,472        379,136       96,148        2,114,558
      (Debited)/credited to the consolidated
        income statement                               (168,482)          (5,115)         22,055         (71,101)     (31,947)       (254,590)
      (Debited)/credited to other comprehensive
        income                                                 –          (9,924)              48              51        156           (9,669)


      31 December 2024                                  859,843           11,438         606,575        308,086       64,357        1,850,299




                                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                         237
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     25    DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

                                                                   Fair value
                                                                     changes
                                                                  of financial    Right-of-use
            Deferred tax liabilities                             instruments            assets          Others                 Total


            1 January 2025                                         1,642,683           282,936            1,886           1,927,505
            Debited/(credited) to the consolidated income
              statement                                               41,952           (71,844)            (656)            (30,548)
            Debited/(credited) to other comprehensive income         172,384              (286)             (37)            172,061


            31 December 2025                                       1,857,019           210,806            1,193           2,069,018


                                                                    Fair value
                                                                      changes
                                                                   of financial    Right-of-use
            Deferred tax liabilities                              instruments            assets          Others                Total


            1 January 2024                                         1,489,059           362,274            1,741           1,853,074
            Debited/(credited) to the consolidated income
              statement                                                8,651           (79,383)             105             (70,627)
            Debited to other comprehensive income                    144,973                45               40             145,058


            31 December 2024                                       1,642,683           282,936            1,886           1,927,505


           Net balances of deferred tax assets/liabilities after offset

                                                                      31 December 2025                   31 December 2024
                                                                                     Deferred                            Deferred
                                                                    Deferred      tax assets/           Deferred      tax assets/
                                                                  tax assets/       liabilities      tax assets/          liabilities
                                                                    liabilities net balances            liabilities  net balances
            Item                                               offset amount      after offset    offset amount        after offset


            Deferred tax assets                                    (1,944,773)         557,083       (1,769,889)             80,410
            Deferred tax liabilities                               (1,944,773)         124,245       (1,769,889)            157,616


     26    OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

           As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, other non-current assets of the Group primarily
           represented long-term deferred expenses incurred on leasehold improvements of property, plant and
           equipment and network engineering projects.




238 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

27   MARGIN ACCOUNTS

                                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                                                                2025                      2024


           Margin accounts
            – Individuals                                                                    74,866,654               55,900,596
            – Institutions                                                                   11,426,196                8,710,104


                                                                                             86,292,850               64,610,700

           Loss allowance                                                                    (1,908,477)              (1,661,896)


           Total                                                                             84,384,373               62,948,804


     As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of securities lent was RMB456.15 million (31 December 2024:
     RMB307.99 million).

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group received collateral with fair value amounted to RMB270,381.95
     million (31 December 2024: RMB194,889.33 million), in connection with its margin financing and securities
     lending.

28   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

                                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                                                                2025                      2024


           Derivative business receivables                                                    7,141,267                6,901,025
           Clearing funds receivable                                                          1,157,063                  915,654
           Asset and fund management fee receivable                                             257,895                  223,483
           Others                                                                             1,276,830                1,121,067


                                                                                              9,833,055                9,161,229

           Loss allowance (i)                                                                    (26,051)                 (21,493)


           Total                                                                              9,807,004                9,139,736


     (i)           ECL on accounts receivable arising from revenue recognized in accordance with IFRS 15 – Revenue, is measured using
                   simplified approach. ECL on the rest of accounts receivable is measured using the general approach and as at 31
                   December 2025, accounts receivable measured using general approach were classified under Stage 1 (31 December
                   2024: Stage 1).




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                     239
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     28    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)

           (ii)       Analyzed by aging


                                                                   As at 31 December 2025
                                                       Carrying amount                Loss allowance
                       Item                             Value     Percentage           Value     Percentage


                       Loss allowance by portfolio
                         Less than 1 year            9,187,602        93.44%              (933)         3.59%
                         1 to 2 years                  574,531         5.84%            (2,004)         7.69%
                         2 to 3 years                   25,449         0.26%            (2,351)         9.02%
                         More than 3 years              45,473         0.46%           (20,763)        79.70%


                       Total                         9,833,055       100.00%           (26,051)      100.00%


                                                                    As at 31 December 2024
                                                        Carrying amount                 Loss allowance
                       Item                              Value      Percentage           Value      Percentage


                       Loss allowance by portfolio
                         Less than 1 year            9,067,752         98.99%            (1,751)        8.15%
                         1 to 2 years                   48,004          0.52%            (2,986)       13.89%
                         2 to 3 years                   24,902          0.27%            (3,639)       16.93%
                         More than 3 years              20,571          0.22%          (13,117)        61.03%


                       Total                         9,161,229       100.00%           (21,493)       100.00%



     29    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                                     As at 31 December 2025
                                                                 Nominal           Fair value
                                                                   value           Assets          Liabilities


              Interest rate derivatives                     611,453,282            25,097             29,567
              Currency derivatives                          521,245,057           231,247            718,059
              Equity derivatives                            192,238,363         1,077,027          4,977,309
              Credit derivatives                                981,000            27,091                276
              Others                                         85,908,277           921,850            804,163


              Total                                       1,411,825,979         2,282,312          6,529,374




240 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                 (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

29   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

                                                                       As at 31 December 2024
                                                                   Nominal           Fair value
                                                                      value           Assets        Liabilities


      Interest rate derivatives                               470,011,046             13,477           5,870
      Currency derivatives                                    358,386,445            452,798       1,028,479
      Equity derivatives                                      192,971,776          2,498,341       2,800,328
      Credit derivatives                                        1,297,000             17,658             844
      Others                                                   61,648,570            375,935         236,671


      Total                                                 1,084,314,837          3,358,209       4,072,192


     Under the “Daily Mark-to-Market and Settlement Arrangement”, the derivative financial instruments held by
     the Group at the end of the reporting period and related temporary receipts and payments are presented
     at the net amount after offsetting.

30   FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS

                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2025                   2024


      Current
      Analyzed by collateral:
        Debts                                                                  4,896,566           7,833,263
        Stock                                                                  1,900,406           3,688,578


                                                                               6,796,972          11,521,841

      Loss allowance                                                            (302,681)           (418,628)


      Total                                                                    6,494,291          11,103,213


     The Group received securities as collateral in connection with financial assets under resale agreements,
     some of which are allowed to be re-pledged in the absence of default by counterparties. If the collateral
     received declines in value, the Group may, in certain circumstances, require additional collateral. The
     Group had an obligation to return the collateral to its counterparties at the maturity of the contracts.

     The fair value of the collateral received in connection with financial assets under resale agreements, the
     collateral allowed to be re-pledged and the collateral re-pledged were as below:

                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2025                   2024


      Collateral received                                                     11,529,560          18,839,777
        Including: Collateral allowed to be re-pledged                         1,671,395                   –
                    Including: Collateral re-pledged                           1,671,395                   –




                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             241
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     31    CASH HELD ON BEHALF OF CLIENTS

           The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorized institutions to hold cash
           on behalf of customers arising from its normal course of business. The Group has recorded the related
           amounts as cash held on behalf of clients and the corresponding liabilities as accounts payable to
           brokerage clients (Note 34). In Chinese Mainland, the use of cash held on behalf of clients for securities
           trading and settlement is restricted and governed by relevant third-party custodian regulations issued
           by the CSRC. In Hong Kong, the “Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules” under the Securities and
           Futures Ordinance have imposed similar restrictions.

     32    CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                      2025                   2024


            Deposits in banks                                                     54,686,344            46,473,105


           As at 31 December 2025, the Group had restricted deposits of RMB589.98 million (31 December 2024:
           RMB715.14 million).

     33    OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                      2025                   2024


            Commodity Inventories                                                    126,868               304,592
            Interest receivable                                                       13,776                48,399
            Prepaid expenses                                                           7,941                 6,577
            Deferred expenses                                                          5,284                 5,765
            Prepaid tax                                                                4,644                 5,695
            Others                                                                   380,959               422,839


                                                                                     539,472               793,867

            Loss allowance                                                            (47,583)             (74,894)


            Total                                                                    491,889               718,973


     34    ACCOUNTS PAYABLE TO BROKERAGE CLIENTS

                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                      2025                   2024


            Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                175,840,031          130,641,940


           Accounts payable to brokerage clients represents the amounts received from and repayable to clients
           arising from the ordinary course of the Group’s securities brokerage business. For more details, please
           refer to Cash Held on Behalf of Clients (Note 31).




242 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

35   LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                                                                2025                      2024


           Current
           Lease liabilities                                                                    460,735                  581,904


           Non-current
           Lease liabilities                                                                    435,668                  660,698


           Total                                                                                896,403               1,242,602


     As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the cash outflow of lease contracts signed by the
     Group but lease not yet commenced are insignificant.

36   FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                                                                2025                      2024


           Current
           Financial liabilities at fair value through
             profit or loss (Held for trading)
             – Debt instruments                                                                 973,226               2,417,316

           Financial liabilities designated as at fair
             value through profit or loss
             – Beneficiary certificates (i)                                                  7,626,192                3,488,443
             – Structured notes                                                              1,838,855                  546,667


           Subtotal                                                                         10,438,273                6,452,426


           Non-current
           Financial liabilities designated as at fair
             value through profit or loss
             – Beneficiary certificates (i)                                                  1,171,983                2,653,036


           Subtotal                                                                          1,171,983                2,653,036


           Total                                                                            11,610,256                9,105,462


     (i)           As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the beneficiary certificates held by the Group were mainly linked to
                   equity indexes.




                                                                         Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                    243
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     37    FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

                                                                       31 December         31 December
                                                                              2025                2024


            Current
            Analyzed by collateral:
              Debt securities                                            120,890,283         95,148,611
              Others                                                      14,605,601         18,564,214


            Total                                                        135,495,884        113,712,825


     38    PLACEMENTS FROM BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                       31 December         31 December
                                                                              2025                2024


            Current
            Placements from banks                                          6,560,614            800,037


     39    TAXES PAYABLE

                                                                       31 December         31 December
                                                                              2025                2024


            Current
            Income tax                                                       995,233            236,155
            Value added tax                                                  260,910            207,959
            Others                                                           243,610            512,254


            Total                                                          1,499,753            956,368


     40    SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                       31 December         31 December
                                                                              2025                2024


            Current
            Analyzed by nature:
              Credit borrowings                                            7,978,408          3,858,353


           As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group had fixed-rate borrowings which carried
           interest rate from 1.80% to 4.78% and 2.45% to 6.04%.




244 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                              (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

41   SHORT-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS PAYABLE

                                                                       Interest
                                    Notional            Issuance commencement                    Coupon    1 January                            31 December
     Name                             value               amount           date       Term          rate        2025     Increase   Decrease           2025

     24 CSC CP001                  2,500,000           2,500,000      26/06/2024   294 days       2.05%     2,526,538      14,743   2,541,281             –
     24 CSC CP002                  2,500,000           2,500,000      09/07/2024   308 days       1.98%     2,523,868      17,902   2,541,770             –
     24 CSC CP003                  3,000,000           3,000,000      14/10/2024   365 days       2.10%     3,013,636      49,364   3,063,000             –
     24 CSC CP004                  4,000,000           4,000,000      17/10/2024   330 days       2.00%     4,016,658      55,671   4,072,329             –
     24 CSC CP005                  4,000,000           4,000,000      23/10/2024   303 days       1.99%     4,015,266      50,813   4,066,079             –
     24 CSC CP006                  3,000,000           3,000,000      28/10/2024   365 days       2.03%     3,010,845      50,055   3,060,900             –
     24 CSC CP007                  1,300,000           1,300,000      25/11/2024   365 days       1.92%     1,302,530      22,430   1,324,960             –
     25 CSC CP001                  2,000,000           2,000,000      27/03/2025   365 days       1.93%             –   2,029,611           –     2,029,611
     25 CSC CP002                  4,000,000           4,000,000      10/04/2025   365 days       1.82%             –   4,053,054           –     4,053,054
     25 CSC CP003                  3,000,000           3,000,000      30/07/2025    51 days       1.59%             –   3,006,665   3,006,665             –
     25 CSC CP004                  3,000,000           3,000,000      13/08/2025    70 days       1.60%             –   3,009,205   3,009,205             –
     25 CSC CP005                  2,000,000           2,000,000      21/08/2025    85 days       1.64%             –   2,007,638   2,007,638             –
     25 CSC CP006                  2,500,000           2,500,000      22/08/2025    90 days       1.64%             –   2,510,110   2,510,110             –
     25 CSC CP007                  3,000,000           3,000,000      26/08/2025   136 days       1.70%             –   3,017,885           –     3,017,885
     25 CSC CP008                  3,000,000           3,000,000      25/09/2025   176 days       1.72%             –   3,013,854           –     3,013,854
     25 CSC CP009                  3,000,000           3,000,000      15/10/2025   118 days       1.66%             –   3,010,642           –     3,010,642
     25 CSC CP010                  3,000,000           3,000,000      23/10/2025   244 days       1.73%             –   3,009,953           –     3,009,953
     25 CSC CP011                  3,000,000           3,000,000      13/11/2025   154 days       1.67%             –   3,006,726           –     3,006,726
     25 CSC CP012                  3,000,000           3,000,000      17/12/2025   182 days       1.71%             –   3,002,108           –     3,002,108
     25 CSC CP013                  3,000,000           3,000,000      29/12/2025   200 days       1.71%             –   3,000,422           –     3,000,422
     24 Xintou S1                  1,500,000           1,500,000      16/01/2024     1 year       2.52%     1,536,157       1,643   1,537,800             –
     24 Xintou S2                  1,500,000           1,500,000      24/04/2024     1 year       2.05%     1,520,369      10,381   1,530,750             –
     24 Xintou S3                  6,500,000           6,500,000      20/06/2024     1 year       2.05%     6,565,515      67,735   6,633,250             –
     25 Xintou S1                  1,000,000           1,000,000      22/05/2025    31 days       1.62%             –   1,002,319   1,002,319             –
     25 Xintou S2                  1,500,000           1,500,000      24/07/2025    31 days       1.54%             –   1,504,792   1,504,792             –
     25 Xintou S3                  2,000,000           2,000,000      24/07/2025    65 days       1.54%             –   2,007,371   2,007,371             –
     Notes                           800,000             800,000      27/09/2024   364 days       2.50%       805,121      20,042     825,163             –
     Notes                           200,000             200,000      18/02/2025   359 days       2.80%             –     204,829         306       204,523
     Notes                           300,000             300,000      27/02/2025   364 days       2.80%             –     307,421         313       307,108
     Notes                   50,000 thousand     50,000 thousand
                                       dollars             dollars    27/02/2025   364 days       4.70%             –     371,336       5,866       365,470
     Notes                   50,000 thousand     50,000 thousand
                                       dollars             dollars    27/02/2025   364 days SOFR + 0.50%            –     370,735      18,492       352,243
     Notes                   70,000 thousand     70,000 thousand
                                       dollars             dollars    24/02/2025   354 days SOFR + 0.50%            –     519,414      25,787       493,627
     Notes                           300,000             300,000      05/03/2025   364 days        2.80%            –     307,241         233       307,008
     Notes                           500,000             500,000      25/03/2025   364 days        2.50%            –     510,305         777       509,528
     Notes                   30,000 thousand     30,000 thousand
                                       dollars             dollars    22/10/2025    92 days       4.20%             –     215,842       3,255       212,587
     Notes                           500,000             500,000      08/10/2025   364 days       1.96%             –     502,310          86       502,224
     Notes                           260,000             260,000      21/10/2025    59 days       1.80%             –     260,796     260,796             –
     Beneficiary
       certificates (i)                                                                                     4,632,551   26,396,020 12,212,089    18,816,482
     Structured notes (ii)                                                                                  2,981,533    5,619,595 3,955,768      4,645,360

     Total                                                                                                 38,450,587   78,138,978 62,729,150    53,860,415




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                              245
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     41    SHORT-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS PAYABLE (CONTINUED)

                                                                                  Interest
                                                                            commencement                Coupon     1 January                             31 December
                 Name                    Notional value   Issuance amount            date       Term       rate        2024      Increase    Decrease           2024


                 23 CSC CP002               2,000,000          2,000,000       17/01/2023    360 days    2.78%     2,053,163        1,675    2,054,838             –
                 23 CSC CP003               3,000,000          3,000,000       14/02/2023    358 days    2.72%     3,071,763        8,272    3,080,035             –
                 23 CSC CP007               3,000,000          3,000,000       16/03/2023    362 days    2.78%     3,066,492       15,997    3,082,489             –
                 23 CSC CP009               2,000,000          2,000,000       29/03/2023    359 days    2.72%     2,041,433       11,927    2,053,360             –
                 23 CSC CP011               3,000,000          3,000,000       25/05/2023    274 days    2.39%     3,043,413       10,264    3,053,677             –
                 23 CSC CP012               3,000,000          3,000,000       21/06/2023    307 days    2.42%     3,038,587       22,310    3,060,897             –
                 23 CSC CP013               2,500,000          2,500,000       28/06/2023    365 days    2.45%     2,531,380       29,703    2,561,083             –
                 23 CSC CP014               3,000,000          3,000,000       18/09/2023    361 days    2.51%     3,021,662       52,609    3,074,271             –
                 24 CSC CP001               2,500,000          2,500,000       26/06/2024    294 days    2.05%             –    2,526,538            –     2,526,538
                 24 CSC CP002               2,500,000          2,500,000       09/07/2024    308 days    1.98%             –    2,523,868            –     2,523,868
                 24 CSC CP003               3,000,000          3,000,000       14/10/2024    365 days    2.10%             –    3,013,636            –     3,013,636
                 24 CSC CP004               4,000,000          4,000,000       17/10/2024    330 days    2.00%             –    4,016,658            –     4,016,658
                 24 CSC CP005               4,000,000          4,000,000       23/10/2024    303 days    1.99%             –    4,015,266            –     4,015,266
                 24 CSC CP006               3,000,000          3,000,000       28/10/2024    365 days    2.03%             –    3,010,845            –     3,010,845
                 24 CSC CP007               1,300,000          1,300,000       25/11/2024    365 days    1.92%             –    1,302,530            –     1,302,530
                 23 Xintou S1               5,000,000          5,000,000       24/11/2023      1 year    2.69%     5,002,840      131,660    5,134,500             –
                 23 Xintou S2               5,500,000          5,500,000       19/12/2023      1 year    2.76%     5,490,393      161,879    5,652,272             –
                 24 Xintou S1               1,500,000          1,500,000       16/01/2024      1 year    2.52%             –    1,538,987        2,830     1,536,157
                 24 Xintou S2               1,500,000          1,500,000       24/04/2024      1 year    2.05%             –    1,523,199        2,830     1,520,369
                 24 Xintou S3               6,500,000          6,500,000       20/06/2024      1 year    2.05%             –    6,577,779       12,264     6,565,515
                 Notes                        800,000            800,000       27/09/2024    364 days    2.50%             –      805,121            –       805,121
                 Beneficiary
                   certificates (i)                                                                                4,546,943    6,309,473    6,223,865     4,632,551
                 Structured notes (ii)                                                                               793,590    3,358,154    1,170,211     2,981,533


                 Total                                                                                            37,701,659   40,968,350   40,219,422    38,450,587


           As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, there were no defaults related to any short-term
           financing instruments payable by the Group.

           (i)             As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group had beneficiary certificates accrued interests at fixed
                           annual rate or floating rates, of which the fixed annual interest rate ranges are 1.80% to 2.08% and 1.75% to 2.22%,
                           respectively.

           (ii)            As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group had structured notes accrued interests at fixed annual
                           rate, of which the fixed annual interest rate ranges are 1.78% to 4.75% and 2.25% to 5.75%, respectively.




246 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

42   OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                              2025                 2024


      Bonds in issue with maturity within one year                        28,542,509          27,094,310
      Derivative business payables                                        20,420,634          18,326,432
      Salaries, bonuses and allowances payable                             3,872,962           4,308,110
      Dividends payable                                                    1,716,003             665,619
      Amounts due to other holders of consolidated structured
        entities at fair value                                             1,491,258            1,192,273
      Settlement deposits payable                                          1,048,908              693,686
      Futures settlement risk funds payable                                  330,346              274,551
      Provision                                                              149,234              109,942
      Accounts payable to underwriting clients                                95,296            1,136,874
      Securities investor protection fund payable                             53,807               47,540
      Funds payable to securities holders                                      5,913                5,913
      Others                                                               5,478,136            5,184,000


      Total                                                               63,205,006          59,039,250


43   BONDS IN ISSUE

                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                              2025                 2024


      Bonds and medium term notes in issue                                91,774,521          96,073,816
      Structured notes in issue                                            2,268,679           1,784,975


      Total                                                               94,043,200          97,858,791


     (1)      As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, there were no defaults related to any
              bonds in issue.




                                                         Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.           247
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     43    BONDS IN ISSUE (CONTINUED)

           (2)   The details of bonds in issue

                                                                      Interest
                                           Notional    Issuance commencement                Coupon    31 December   31 December
                   Name                      value       amount          date       Term       rate          2024          2025


                   Corporate bonds
                     22 Xintou F1 (i)     1,000,000   1,000,000     26/09/2022    5 years    2.65%      1,006,515              –
                     22 Xintou F2         5,000,000   5,000,000     26/09/2022    7 years    3.02%      5,026,842      5,029,548
                     22 Xintou F3 (i)     1,000,000   1,000,000     19/10/2022    5 years    2.68%      1,003,817              –
                     22 Xintou F4         3,000,000   3,000,000     19/10/2022    7 years    2.99%      3,012,208      3,013,408
                     22 Xintou G2         2,000,000   2,000,000     10/11/2022    5 years    2.89%      2,004,928      2,006,082
                     22 Xintou G3         2,500,000   2,500,000     10/11/2022 10 years      3.29%      2,504,076      2,504,960
                     22 Xintou G5         1,000,000   1,000,000     06/12/2022    5 years    3.29%      1,000,644      1,001,221
                     22 Xintou G6         1,500,000   1,500,000     06/12/2022 10 years      3.55%      1,500,319      1,500,713
                     23 Xintou F1 (ii)      500,000     500,000     17/01/2023    3 years    3.20%        514,633              –
                     23 Xintou F2         2,500,000   2,500,000     17/01/2023    5 years    3.35%      2,574,195      2,576,110
                     23 Xintou G2         1,500,000   1,500,000     21/08/2023    5 years    2.97%      1,512,054      1,513,179
                     23 Xintou G3         2,500,000   2,500,000     21/08/2023 10 years      3.15%      2,520,395      2,521,258
                     23 Xintou G4 (iii)   1,000,000   1,000,000     16/10/2023    3 years    2.91%      1,003,869              –
                     23 Xintou G5         1,000,000   1,000,000     16/10/2023    5 years    3.10%      1,003,639      1,004,385
                     23 Xintou G6         1,000,000   1,000,000     16/10/2023 10 years      3.34%      1,003,671      1,004,012
                     23 Xintou G7 (iii)     500,000     500,000     27/10/2023    3 years    2.94%        501,504              –
                     23 Xintou G8           500,000     500,000     27/10/2023    5 years    3.13%        501,368        501,741
                     23 Xintou G9         1,500,000   1,500,000     27/10/2023 10 years      3.35%      1,504,009      1,504,521
                     23 Xintou 10 (iii)   1,500,000   1,500,000     20/11/2023    3 years    2.87%      1,501,367              –
                     23 Xintou 11         2,300,000   2,300,000     20/11/2023    5 years    3.07%      2,301,292      2,303,003
                     23 Xintou 13 (iii)   1,500,000   1,500,000     07/12/2023    3 years    2.95%      1,500,274              –
                     23 Xintou 14         2,500,000   2,500,000     07/12/2023    5 years    3.15%      2,499,758      2,501,150
                     24 Xintou G1           700,000     700,000     23/01/2024    3 years    2.72%        716,128        716,985
                     24 Xintou G2         2,000,000   2,000,000     23/01/2024 10 years      2.99%      2,049,274      2,049,959
                     24 Xintou F1         4,000,000   4,000,000     01/02/2024    3 years    2.80%      4,091,917      4,097,001
                     24 Xintou F2 (iii)   3,000,000   3,000,000     07/03/2024 30 months     2.58%      3,056,069              –
                     24 Xintou G4         1,000,000   1,000,000     27/03/2024 10 years      2.78%      1,017,809      1,018,153
                     24 Xintou F3         1,000,000   1,000,000     19/04/2024    3 years    2.38%      1,013,856      1,015,120
                     24 Xintou F4         2,000,000   2,000,000     19/04/2024    5 years    2.55%      2,029,379      2,030,856
                     24 Xintou G5         1,000,000   1,000,000     15/07/2024    3 years    2.13%      1,006,723      1,007,980




248 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                             (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

43   BONDS IN ISSUE (CONTINUED)

     (2)   The details of bonds in issue (Continued)

                                                                      Interest
                                           Notional    Issuance commencement                 Coupon    31 December   31 December
            Name                             value       amount          date        Term       rate          2024          2025


            Corporate bonds (Continued)
              24 Xintou G6                1,000,000   1,000,000     15/07/2024    5 years     2.25%      1,007,043      1,007,778
              24 Xintou F5 (iii)          2,600,000   2,600,000     16/10/2024    2 years     2.21%      2,603,673              –
              24 Xintou F6                3,300,000   3,300,000     16/10/2024    3 years     2.23%      3,307,090      3,308,041
              24 Xintou F7 (iii)            800,000     800,000     24/10/2024    2 years     2.20%        800,590              –
              24 Xintou F8                3,200,000   3,200,000     24/10/2024 34 months      2.23%      3,202,213      3,206,496
              24 Xintou G8 (iii)          1,500,000   1,500,000     14/11/2024    2 years     2.05%      1,504,044              –
              24 Xintou G9                3,500,000   3,500,000     14/11/2024    3 years     2.12%      3,509,758      3,501,478
              24 Xintou 10 (iii)          2,000,000   2,000,000     05/12/2024    2 years     1.91%      2,002,826              –
              24 Xintou 11                3,000,000   3,000,000     05/12/2024    5 years     2.10%      3,004,660      2,998,085
              25 Xintou G1                1,500,000   1,500,000     26/03/2025    2 years     1.98%              –      1,521,122
              25 Xintou G2                2,000,000   2,000,000     26/03/2025    3 years     2.01%              –      2,028,129
              25 Xintou K1                1,000,000   1,000,000     13/05/2025    3 years     1.69%              –      1,008,551
              25 Xintou F1                3,500,000   3,500,000     15/09/2025    2 years     2.00%              –      3,515,077
              25 Xintou F2                1,500,000   1,500,000     15/09/2025    3 years     2.08%              –      1,505,823
              25 Xintou F3                3,300,000   3,300,000     20/10/2025    2 years     2.03%              –      3,307,789
              25 Xintou F4                1,500,000   1,500,000     20/10/2025    3 years     2.10%              –      1,503,655
              25 Xintou F5                3,000,000   3,000,000     24/11/2025    2 years     1.91%              –      3,001,492

            Subordinated bonds
              22 Xintou C2                2,000,000   2,000,000     21/01/2022     5 years    3.45%      2,062,826      2,064,017
              22 Xintou C4                2,000,000   2,000,000     22/02/2022     5 years    3.49%      2,057,359      2,058,547
              22 Xintou C6                1,000,000   1,000,000     19/04/2022     5 years    3.57%      1,023,352      1,024,141
              23 Xintou C2 (iii)          2,000,000   2,000,000     30/05/2023     3 years    3.15%      2,033,698              –
              23 Xintou C4 (iii)          1,500,000   1,500,000     10/07/2023     3 years    3.04%      1,519,692              –
              23 Xintou C6 (iii)          2,500,000   2,500,000     27/07/2023     3 years    2.95%      2,526,952              –
              23 Xintou C8 (iii)          2,500,000   2,500,000     15/08/2023     3 years    3.00%      2,523,412              –

            Financial bonds
              25 CSC Science
                 Technology
                Innovation Bond
                01                         500,000     500,000      01/07/2025     5 years    1.76%              –       504,347




                                                                     Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                     249
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     43    BONDS IN ISSUE (CONTINUED)

           (2)   The details of bonds in issue (Continued)

                                                                                             Interest
                                                          Notional            Issuance commencement                    Coupon    31 December   31 December
                       Name                                 value               amount          date      Term            rate          2024          2025


                       Medium term notes
                        Medium term notes (iii)        1,500,000            1,500,000      27/04/2023   3 years         3.25%      1,506,917              –
                        Medium term notes (iii)          500,000              500,000      19/12/2023   3 years         3.45%        500,385              –
                        Medium term notes (iii)          710,000              710,000      19/12/2023   3 years         3.45%        710,547              –
                        Medium term notes (iii)          790,000              790,000      19/12/2023   3 years         3.45%        790,635              –
                        Medium term notes       500,000 thousand     500,000 thousand
                                                           dollars              dollars    31/05/2024   3 years   SOFR + 0.67%     3,592,490      3,512,704
                        Medium term notes       150,000 thousand     150,000 thousand
                                                           dollars              dollars    27/09/2024   3 years   SOFR + 0.68%     1,077,450      1,052,208
                        Medium term notes       100,000 thousand     100,000 thousand
                                                           dollars              dollars    13/11/2024   3 years   SOFR + 0.70%       723,672       705,542
                        Medium term notes       110,000 thousand     110,000 thousand
                                                           dollars              dollars    04/03/2025   3 years   SOFR + 0.70%             –        774,481
                        Medium term notes              2,700,000            2,700,000      25/04/2025   2 years          2.48%             –      2,709,608
                        Medium term notes                700,000              700,000      28/07/2025   3 years          2.03%             –        705,851
                        Medium term notes       400,000 thousand     400,000 thousand
                                                           dollars              dollars    31/07/2025   3 years   SOFR + 0.60%             –      2,828,214

                       Beneficiary
                         certificates (iv)                                                                                         1,784,975      2,268,679


                       Total                                                                                                      97,858,791     94,043,200


                 (i)             According to the terms and obligations of the bond issuance, the Company chose to lower the nominal
                                 interest rate at the end of the third year of the bond terms and the investors chose to sell all bonds back to the
                                 Company. The Company has already repaid the principal and the corresponding interests.

                 (ii)            According to the terms and obligations of the bond issuance, the Company chose to lower the nominal interest
                                 rate at the end of the second year of the bond terms and the investors chose to sell all bonds back to the
                                 Company. The Company has already repaid the principal and the corresponding interests.

                 (iii)           As at 31 December 2025, bonds in issue with a balance of nil are classified as other current liabilities maturing
                                 within one year.

                 (iv)            As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Company had beneficiary certificates accrued interests
                                 at fixed annual rate or fixed-floating rates, of which the fixed annual rate was 2.40%.




250 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

44   SHARE CAPITAL

     All shares issued by the Company are fully paid ordinary shares, with a notional value of RMB1 per share.
     The number of shares and nominal value of the Company’s share capital are as follows:

                                                                            31 December          31 December
                                                                                   2025                 2024


         Registered, issued and fully paid ordinary shares of RMB1
           each (in thousands)
           – A shares                                                           6,495,671            6,495,671
           – H shares                                                           1,261,024            1,261,024


         Total                                                                  7,756,695            7,756,695


45   OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

                                                                            31 December          31 December
                                                                                   2025                 2024


         Perpetual subordinated bonds                                          36,145,019          29,825,830


     Other equity instruments of the Group are as follows:

     –           In August 2019, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2019
                 amounted to RMB5 billion, redeemed in full in August 2024.

     –           In March 2020, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2020
                 amounted to RMB5 billion, redeemed in full in March 2025.

     –           In May 2021, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2021
                 amounted to RMB5 billion.

     –           In March 2022, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2022
                 amounted to RMB4.5 billion.

     –           In June 2022, the Company issued the second tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2022
                 amounted to RMB3.5 billion.

     –           In August 2022, the Company issued the third tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2022
                 amounted to RMB2 billion.

     –           In January 2024, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2024
                 amounted to RMB4.5 billion.

     –           In August 2024, the Company issued the second tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2024
                 amounted to RMB2.5 billion.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            251
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     45    OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

           –     In December 2024, the Company issued the third tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2024
                 amounted to RMB2.9 billion.

           –     In January 2025, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2025
                 amounted to RMB2.1 billion.

           –     In April 2025, the Company issued the second tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2025
                 amounted to RMB1.4 billion.

           –     In May 2025, the Company issued the third tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2025
                 amounted to RMB1.6 billion.

           –     In July 2025, the Company issued the fourth tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2025
                 amounted to RMB3 billion.

           –     In August 2025, the Company issued the fifth tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2025
                 amounted to RMB1 billion.

           –     In November 2025, the Company issued the sixth tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2025
                 amounted to RMB2.2 billion.

           The issuance terms related to the equity attributes of other equity instruments that existed at the end of
           the year mentioned above are as follows:

           –     The bonds are repriced every 5 interest-accruing years, and at the end of the repricing cycle, the
                 issuer has the option to extend the bonds for another repricing cycle (another five years) or redeem
                 them in full;

           –     The bonds offer no redemption option to the investors so that investors cannot require the issuer
                 to redeem their bonds during the duration of the bonds;

           –     The Company has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest
                 payments, so that at each interest payment date, the issuer may choose to defer the interest
                 payment to the next payment date for the current period as well as all interests and accrued
                 interests already deferred according to the related terms, without any limitation with respect to
                 the number of deferrals. Mandatory interest payment events are limited to dividend distributions to
                 ordinary equity holders and reductions of registered capital;

           –     The priority over repayment of the above perpetual subordinated bonds is subordinated to the
                 Company’s general debts and other subordinated debt, unless in the event of liquidation of the
                 Company, investors of these bonds cannot require the Company to accelerate payment of bonds’
                 principals.

           The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified as equity instruments, and
           recognized under equity in the consolidated statement of financial position.




252 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

46   RESERVES

     The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the related movements are presented in the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity.

     (1)   Capital reserve

           Capital reserve primarily includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices
           in excess of par value.

     (2)   Surplus reserve

           (i)    Statutory surplus reserve

                  Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of
                  its profit for the year for the statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50%
                  of its registered capital.

                  Subject to the approval of the General Meeting, the statutory surplus reserve may be used
                  to offset accumulated losses, if any, and may also be converted into capital of the Company,
                  provided that the balance of the statutory surplus reserve after this capitalization is not less
                  than 25% of the registered capital immediately before capitalization.

           (ii)   Discretionary surplus reserve

                  After making the appropriation to the statutory surplus reserve, the Company may also
                  appropriate its after-tax profit for the year, as determined under China Accounting Standards
                  for Business Enterprises, to its discretionary surplus reserve upon approval by the Annual
                  General Meeting. Subject to the approval by the General Meeting, the discretionary surplus
                  reserve may be used to offset accumulated losses, if any, and may be converted into capital
                  of the Company.

     (3)   General reserve

           Pursuant to the requirements of regulatory authorities, including the Ministry of Finance and the
           CSRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its profit for the year for the general risk
           reserve and 10% for the transaction risk reserve (Note 3.1(23)). Regulatory reserves that are
           established by subsidiaries and branches in certain countries or jurisdictions outside Chinese
           Mainland in accordance with the regulatory requirements in their respective territories are also
           included herein.

     (4)   Investment revaluation reserve

           The investment revaluation reserve represents the fair value changes of financial assets at fair value
           through other comprehensive income.

     (5)   Foreign currency translation reserve

           The foreign currency translation reserve represents the exchange difference arising from the
           translation of the financial statements of the subsidiaries incorporated outside Chinese Mainland
           with functional currencies other than RMB.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               253
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     47    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

           (1)   Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                             31 December              31 December
                                                                                    2025                     2024


                   Cash and bank balances                                       54,686,344             46,473,105
                   Less: Restricted deposits (Note 32)                            (589,978)              (715,137)
                         Interest receivable                                        (8,115)                 (6,763)


                   Cash and cash equivalents                                    54,088,251             45,751,205


           (2)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing

                                                                         Short-term
                                                                           financing
                                                          Short-term    instruments         Bonds
                                                          borrowings         payable      in issue           Total


                   At 31 December 2024                     3,858,353     38,450,587    124,953,101     167,262,041


                   Cash flows from financing activities    4,025,895     14,529,306     (5,771,553)     12,783,648


                   Other non-cash changes
                     Interest expenses                       146,363        985,895      3,612,121       4,744,379
                     Exchange differences                    (52,203)      (105,373)      (207,960)       (365,536)


                   At 31 December 2025                     7,978,408     53,860,415    122,585,709     184,424,532




254 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

48   INTERESTS IN STRUCTURED ENTITIES

     The Group is involved with structured entities primarily through investments and asset management
     business. The Group determines whether to consolidate these structured entities depending on whether
     the Group has control over them.

     (1)   Structured entities included in consolidated financial statements

           Considering that the Company or its subsidiaries acts as either the investment manager for the
           structured entities, or as principal in investing in part of the shares issued by the structured entities,
           bearing most or all the risk of the products and obtaining most or all of the variable returns, the
           Group therefore consolidated these structured entities in its consolidated financial statements.

           As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, total assets of consolidated structured entities,
           the Group’s investments and maximum exposure arising from its investments in consolidated
           structured entities are as follows:

                                                                            31 December              31 December
                                                                                   2025                     2024


             Total assets                                                        8,796,386              6,831,280
             Investments                                                         6,637,913              5,469,600
             Maximum exposure                                                    7,183,850              5,552,299


     (2)   Interests in unconsolidated structured entities

           (i)    Structured entities sponsored by the Group

                  Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group primarily include asset
                  management plans and investment funds sponsored by the Group. As the manager of these
                  structured entities, the Group invests, on behalf of its customers, the funds raised in the
                  assets as described in the investment plan related to each structured entity. The interests
                  held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities primarily include investments
                  held directly and/or management fees, commission and performance fee earned from
                  managed structured entities. The Group concluded that it acted as an agent rather than
                  a principal based on its assessment of the variable return derived from these structured
                  entities. Therefore, these structured entities are not consolidated by the Group.

                  For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group earned management fee, commission
                  and performance fee amounted to RMB1,001.02 million (31 December 2024: RMB931.85
                  million) from these unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group, for which the
                  Group held no interest in during and as at the end of the reporting year.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                255
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     48    INTERESTS IN STRUCTURED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

           (2)    Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (Continued)

                  (i)    Structured entities sponsored by the Group (Continued)

                         As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the maximum exposure and the carrying
                         amount of relevant balance sheet items of the Group arising from these unconsolidated
                         structured entities, for which the Group held interests in as at the end of the reporting year,
                         were set out as below:

                                                                                  31 December             31 December
                                                                                         2025                    2024


                          Financial assets at fair value through profit
                            or loss
                            – Carrying amount                                        10,238,959              7,793,837
                            – Maximum exposure                                       10,426,670              7,896,632


                  (ii)   Structured entities sponsored by third party financial institutions

                         As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the amount of maximum exposure and
                         the book value of relevant balance sheet items of the Group arising from the interest held of
                         directly invested structured entities sponsored by third party financial institutions were equal,
                         which set out as below:

                                                                                  31 December             31 December
                                                                                         2025                    2024


                          Financial investments                                      94,929,127             71,734,217


     49    TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS

           The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognized
           financial assets to third parties or customers. In some cases where these transfers may give rise to full
           or partial derecognition of the financial assets concerned. In other cases where the Group has retained
           substantially all the risks and rewards of these assets, the Group continues to recognize the transferred
           assets.

           Repurchase transactions

           Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition include debt securities held by
           counterparties as collateral under outright repurchase transactions. The counterparties are allowed to
           re-pledge those securities sold under repurchase transactions in the absence of default by the Group,
           but have an obligation to return the securities at the maturity of the contract. If the securities increase
           or decrease in value, the Group may in certain circumstances require counterparties to return part
           of collateral or be required to place additional collateral. For the above transactions, the Group has
           determined that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and therefore does not
           derecognize them. A financial liability is recognized for cash received.




256 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

49   TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)

     Securities lending arrangements

     Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition include securities lent to customers
     for securities selling transactions, for which the customers provide the Group with collateral that could
     fully cover the credit risk exposure of the securities lent. The customers have an obligation to return the
     securities according to the contracts. If the securities increase or decrease in value, the Group may in
     certain circumstances be required to return part of collateral or require counterparties to place additional
     collateral. For the above transactions, the Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks
     and rewards of these securities and therefore does not derecognize them.

     The following table analyses the carrying amount of the above-mentioned financial assets transferred to
     third parties or customers that did not qualify for derecognition and their associated financial liabilities:

                                             31 December 2025                        31 December 2024
                                     Carrying amount Carrying amount         Carrying amount  Carrying amount
                                       of transferred       of related         of transferred        of related
                                               assets        liabilities               assets         liabilities


      Repurchase agreements                13,729,429          12,138,819          8,671,717           7,633,392
      Securities lent                         456,153                   –            307,992                   –


      Total                                14,185,582          12,138,819          8,979,709           7,633,392


50   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     (1)      Capital commitments

                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                   2025                   2024


               Contracted, but not provided for                                    17,112                15,540


              The above-mentioned capital commitments are primarily in respect of purchase of equipment and
              decoration of properties by the Group.

     (2)      Legal proceedings

              The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to claims and are parties to legal and regulatory
              proceedings in their ordinary course of businesses. As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December
              2024, management of the Group believes that the Group was not involved in any material legal,
              or arbitration proceedings that if adversely determined, would have material impact on its financial
              position or results of operations of the Group.

     (3)      Others

              Group has no material contingencies that need to be disclosed.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             257
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     51    RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

           (1)   Beijing Financial Holdings Group and companies under Beijing Financial Holdings Group

                 As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, Beijing Financial Holdings Group Co., Ltd.
                 (“Beijing Financial Holdings Group”) owned 35.81% of the equity interest of the Company.

                 Beijing Financial Holdings Group was established by State-owned Assets Supervision and
                 Administration Commission of the People’s Government of Beijing Municipality, which is an
                 integrated financial investment holding platform and managed as a municipal level I enterprise.

                 The transactions between Beijing Financial Holdings Group and the Group are in the ordinary
                 course of business under normal commercial terms and conditions. Corresponding transactions
                 and balances with this institution were as follows:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2025             2024


                   Fee and commission income                                        1,714                  972
                   Interest income                                                      4                    7
                   Fee and commission expenses                                       (316)                (189)
                   Interest expenses                                               (1,398)              (6,105)
                   Other operating expenses and costs                                (128)                (165)


                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                  2025                  2024


                   Assets
                   Cash and bank balances                                           3,433                  255


                   Liabilities
                   Accounts payable to brokerage clients                         109,372                   103
                   Other current liabilities                                          47                    44




258 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

51   RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

     (2)   Central Huijin and companies under Central Huijin

           As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, Central Huijin Investment Limited (“Central
           Huijin”) owned 30.76% of the equity interest of the Company.

           Central Huijin is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Investment Corporation, which is incorporated
           in Beijing, the PRC. Central Huijin has equity interests in certain other banks and non-banking
           financial institutions under the direction of the PRC government and does not engage in other
           commercial activities. Central Huijin exercises its legal rights and assumes obligations related to the
           Company on behalf of the PRC Government.

           The Group enters into transactions with Central Huijin and its affiliated companies in the ordinary
           course of business under normal commercial terms. Corresponding transactions and balances with
           these banks and financial institutions were as follows:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2025             2024


            Fee and commission income                                             81,541                129,491
            Interest income                                                      533,285                386,224
            Other income                                                          31,020                       –
            Fee and commission expenses                                         (110,746)              (119,596)
            Interest expenses                                                   (115,951)              (271,365)
            Other operating expenses and costs                                    (8,884)                 (9,299)


                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                  2025                   2024


            Assets
            Right-of-use assets                                                    1,595                 2,970
            Accounts receivable                                                  353,621             2,271,686
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              7,223,570             5,874,987
            Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                             1,537,319             3,484,834
            Derivative financial assets                                           50,724                90,158
            Cash held on behalf of clients                                    34,924,303            18,880,554
            Cash and bank balances                                             7,684,195             5,019,210
            Other current assets                                                      34                     –


            Liabilities
            Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                 29,744                 9,687
            Lease liabilities                                                      1,021                 2,787
            Derivative financial liabilities                                     177,504               352,783
            Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  3,000,182             2,950,347
            Placements from banks and other financial institutions             1,000,077               300,015
            Short-term borrowings                                              1,686,994             1,693,744
            Other current liabilities                                            217,303               318,931




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              259
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     51    RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

           (3)   Government related entities

                 According to the provisions of IAS 24 – Related Parties Disclosures, government entities controlled
                 and jointly controlled by the PRC government and their subsidiaries (the “government related
                 entities”) are also regarded as related parties of the Group.

                 Part of the Group’s transactions including securities and futures dealing and broking, underwriting
                 of debt securities, purchase and sale of government bonds, and equity and debt securities issued
                 by other government related entities are entered into with government related entities. These
                 transactions are conducted in accordance with general commercial terms and conditions.

                 Directors of the Company consider that transactions with government related entities are activities
                 conducted in the ordinary course of business under normal commercial terms and conditions,
                 and that the dealings of the Group have not been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that
                 the Group and those entities are government related. The Group has also established pricing
                 policies for products and services and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or not the
                 counterparties are government related entities.

           (4)   Other major shareholders and its related parties

                 The Group’s major transactions and balances with other major shareholders and its related parties
                 were as follows:

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025             2024


                   Fee and commission income                                        134,677                50,056
                   Interest income                                                  270,787               332,481
                   Other income                                                       8,924                   767
                   Fee and commission expenses                                      (23,119)              (27,071)
                   Interest expenses                                                (59,911)              (48,772)
                   Other operating expenses and costs                               (58,642)              (51,360)




260 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

51   RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

     (4)   Other major shareholders and its related parties (Continued)

           The Group’s major transactions and balances with other major shareholders and its related parties
           were as follows: (Continued)

                                                                           31 December          31 December
                                                                                  2025                 2024


            Assets
            Right-of-use assets                                                  136,133              274,721
            Accounts receivable                                                   17,761              235,665
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              3,651,386            3,648,879
            Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                               269,484            1,173,183
            Derivative financial assets                                           10,862                1,911
            Cash held on behalf of clients                                    20,154,357            9,938,675
            Cash and bank balances                                             1,882,007            3,560,830
            Other current assets                                                  28,527               10,195


            Liabilities
            Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                 14,455              20,121
            Lease liabilities                                                    194,060             404,177
            Derivative financial liabilities                                      22,168               2,797
            Placements from banks and other financial institutions                     –             200,009
            Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                    536,400             580,246
            Short-term financing instruments payable                             250,610                   –
            Short-term borrowings                                                588,022                   –
            Other current liabilities                                              4,307               4,531


     (5)   The Group’s associates

           The Group entered into transactions with its associates at arm’s length in the ordinary course of
           business. Management considers that transactions between the Group and its associates are not
           significant.

     (6)   Key management personnel

           Key management personnel are those who have the authority and responsibility to directly or
           indirectly plan, direct and control the Group activities, including the directors and other senior
           management personnel. In 2025, the Group’s remuneration paid for key management personnel
           were RMB19.06 million.

           For the year ended 31 December 2025, the pre-tax remuneration for Executive Directors and
           Supervisors includes the remuneration accrued, insurance benefits and paid out during their tenure
           in 2025. For Executive Directors and Supervisors who will receive remuneration from the Group
           during the reporting period, their final remuneration is still under confirmation, and the remaining
           portion will be disclosed once confirmed.




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.           261
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     52    FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY

           The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair values of financial
           instruments:

           Level 1:   where the inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                      at the measurement date.

           Level 2:   where the inputs are observable for the assets and liabilities, either directly or indirectly, other
                      than quoted prices in Level 1.

           Level 3:   where the inputs are unobservable inputs for relevant assets or liabilities.

           The Group uses valuation techniques or counterparty quotations to determine fair value when market
           prices are not available in active markets.

           The major parameters used in valuation techniques include, among others, underlying securities prices,
           interest rates, foreign exchange rates, volatilities, which are all observable and available from an active
           market.

           For certain unlisted equity securities (private equity securities), thinly traded equity securities, subordinated
           tranche of asset-backed securities, certain over-the-counter derivative contracts and trust plans, the
           management uses counterparty quotations or valuation techniques to determine their fair value.

           For ongoing fair value measured assets and liabilities, the Group determines at the end of each reporting
           period whether there is a transition between the hierarchies by reassessing the classification (based on
           the lowest hierarchy input that has a material impact on the overall fair value measurement).




262 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

52   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (CONTINUED)

     (1)   Financial instruments recorded at fair value

                                                                    31 December 2025
                                                      Level 1        Level 2      Level 3           Total


            Financial assets at fair value
              through profit or loss
              – Debt instruments                    3,504,558     61,814,498        19,673     65,338,729
              – Equity investments                 12,333,820        827,014     9,353,034     22,513,868
              – Fund investments                   18,154,381     23,823,521             –     41,977,902
              – Others                                717,275     50,535,457     5,581,620     56,834,352


            Subtotal                               34,710,034    137,000,490    14,954,327    186,664,851


            Financial assets at fair value
              through other comprehensive
              income
              – Debt instruments                            –     93,348,017             –     93,348,017
              – Equity investments                  9,896,794     42,324,615         1,400     52,222,809


            Subtotal                                9,896,794    135,672,632         1,400    145,570,826


            Derivative financial assets             1,152,203       811,498        318,611      2,282,312


            Total assets                           45,759,031    273,484,620    15,274,338    334,517,989


            Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss
              – Financial liabilities held for
                trading                                     –       973,226              –        973,226
              – Financial liabilities designated
                as at fair value through profit
                or loss                                     –      1,838,856     8,798,174     10,637,030


            Subtotal                                        –      2,812,082     8,798,174     11,610,256


            Derivative financial liabilities        1,305,594      2,423,167     2,800,613      6,529,374


            Total liabilities                       1,305,594      5,235,249    11,598,787     18,139,630




                                                          Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.          263
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     52    FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (CONTINUED)

           (1)   Financial instruments recorded at fair value (Continued)

                                                                          31 December 2024
                                                             Level 1       Level 2       Level 3         Total


                   Financial assets at fair value
                     through profit or loss
                     – Debt instruments                    6,651,518    95,740,764       27,810    102,420,092
                     – Equity investments                 17,747,067       385,432    8,457,884     26,590,383
                     – Fund investments                    9,786,076    11,694,328            –     21,480,404
                     – Others                                271,759    45,352,788    5,855,990     51,480,537


                   Subtotal                               34,456,420   153,173,312   14,341,684    201,971,416


                   Financial assets at fair value
                     through other comprehensive
                     income
                     – Debt instruments                            –    77,559,632            –     77,559,632
                     – Equity investments                  1,363,924    13,456,341        1,400     14,821,665


                   Subtotal                                1,363,924    91,015,973        1,400     92,381,297


                   Derivative financial assets              742,899      1,453,390    1,161,920      3,358,209


                   Total assets                           36,563,243   245,642,675   15,505,004    297,710,922


                   Financial liabilities at fair value
                     through profit or loss
                     – Financial liabilities held for
                       trading                                     –     2,417,316             –     2,417,316
                     – Financial liabilities designated
                       as at fair value through profit
                       or loss                                     –      546,666     6,141,480      6,688,146


                   Subtotal                                        –     2,963,982    6,141,480      9,105,462


                   Derivative financial liabilities         482,565      1,358,899    2,230,728      4,072,192


                   Total liabilities                        482,565      4,322,881    8,372,208     13,177,654




264 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                           (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

52   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (CONTINUED)

     (2)   Movements in Level 3 Financial Instruments measured at fair value

           Movements in Level 3 Financial Instruments measured at fair value in each year are as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                            Financial assets                         Financial
                                                          Financial assets      at fair value                     liabilities at
                                                              at fair value through other           Derivative       fair value                 Derivative
                                                            through profit comprehensive              financial through profit                    financial
                                                                    or loss          income              assets         or loss                  liabilities


            1 January 2025                                     14,341,684                1,400           1,161,920           6,141,480           2,230,728
            Total gains or losses for the year                    467,723                    –          (1,638,316)            652,789           1,034,465
            Increases                                           4,918,264                    –             789,847           7,919,450           3,203,148
            Decreases                                          (4,288,322)                   –               5,160          (5,915,545)         (3,667,728)
            Transfers to Level 1 from Level 3                    (485,022)                   –                   –                   –                   –


            31 December 2025                                   14,954,327                1,400            318,611            8,798,174           2,800,613


            Gains or losses for the year included in
             profit or loss for assets/liabilities held
             at the end of the year                                467,723                    –         (1,638,316)           (652,789)         (1,034,465)


                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                               Financial assets                             Financial
                                                           Financial assets        at fair value                         liabilities at
                                                               at fair value     through other          Derivative          fair value
                                                             through profit     comprehensive             financial   through profit           Derivative
                                                                     or loss            income              assets             or loss financial liabilities


            1 January 2024                                     14,856,818                1,400           2,413,399           8,518,567           2,770,275
            Total gains or losses for the year                    194,865                    –            (694,195)            559,981              21,056
            Increases                                           5,260,389                    –             655,838           4,247,196           3,885,224
            Decreases                                          (4,515,976)                   –          (1,213,122)         (7,184,264)         (4,445,827)
            Transfers to Level 1 from Level 3                  (1,373,448)                   –                   –                   –                   –
            Transfers to Level 2 from Level 3                      (80,964)                  –                   –                   –                   –


            31 December 2024                                   14,341,684                1,400          1,161,920            6,141,480           2,230,728


            Gains or losses for the year included in
             profit or loss for assets/liabilities held
             at the end of the year                                194,865                    –           (694,195)           (559,981)             (21,056)




                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                    265
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     52    FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (CONTINUED)

           (3)   Important unobservable input value in fair value measurement of Level 3

                 The fair value of financial instruments under Level 3 are primarily determined by discounted cash
                 flow model, option pricing model and comparable companies methods, etc. Determinations to
                 classify fair value measures within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy are primarily based on the
                 significance of the unobservable inputs which mainly include liquidity discount, market multiples,
                 volatility of underlying assets and others to the overall fair value measurement. As at 31 December
                 2025 and 31 December 2024, the fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities classified
                 under Level 3 is not significantly sensitive to a reasonable change in these unobservable inputs.
                 The Group has implemented internal control procedures to monitor and control the Group’s
                 exposures to such financial instruments.

           (4)   Transfers between Level 1 and Level 2

                 During the year ended 31 December 2025, the amount of financial assets at fair value through
                 profit and loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income from Level 2
                 to Level 1 were RMB493.50 million and RMB1,533.66 million, while the amount of financial assets
                 at fair value through profit and loss from Level 1 to Level 2 were RMB32.97 million.

                 During the year ended 31 December 2024, the amount of financial assets at fair value through
                 profit and loss from Level 2 to Level 1 were RMB11.45 million, while the amount of financial assets
                 at fair value through profit and loss from Level 1 to Level 2 were RMB51.30 million.

           (5)   Financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value

                 The information below summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of those financial assets
                 and liabilities not measured at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position. Financial
                 assets and financial liabilities for which the carrying amounts approximate fair value, including
                 financial assets held under resale agreements, refundable deposits, margin accounts, accounts
                 receivable, cash held on behalf of clients, cash and bank balances, lease liabilities, accounts
                 payable to brokerage clients, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, placements from
                 banks and other financial institutions, short-term borrowings and short-term financing instruments
                 payable are not listed in the table below.

                 As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the carrying amounts and fair value of bonds in
                 issue (including bonds in issue with maturity within one year) are summarized below:

                                                                                  31 December             31 December
                                                                                         2025                    2024


                   Bonds in issue (including bonds in issue with
                     maturity within one year)
                     – Carrying amount (Notes 42 and 43)                           122,585,709             124,953,101
                     – Fair value                                                  124,584,291             127,855,846




266 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                      (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT

     The management considers effective risk management a critical element in ensuring the Group’s
     successful operations. Therefore, the Group has established a set of comprehensive risk management
     and internal control systems to enable the Group to, evaluate, monitor and manage various financial risks
     in its business activities, including primarily credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk and operational risk, etc.

     The Group’s risk management and control system is not significantly changed compared to 31 December
     2024.

     Structure of risk management

     The Board

     The Board of Directors is the Company’s highest decision-making body in risk management, the executive
     management is the execution body, whilst different units are responsible for directly managing the risks
     they face in their business and operational activities. The Company has three dedicated risk control
     departments, namely the Risk Management Department, the Legal and Compliance Department and the
     Audit Department, which independently monitor and manage risks before the event, during the event and
     after the event, as per their respective roles and responsibilities.

     The Board of Directors is the Group’s highest decision-making body in risk management, which makes
     decisions with respect to the Group’s overall risk management strategies and policies, fundamental
     systems, internal control arrangements, and management matters.

     The Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for overall supervising the
     overall risk management of the Group and ensuring the associated risks are adequately managed so that
     risk management activities can be effectively carried out through the Group’s business and operating
     activities. The Board’s Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors also has the following
     responsibilities: deliberating overall objectives and basic policies of compliance management and risk
     management, and providing opinions, determining the strategic arrangements and resource allocation
     for risk management of the Group, so that they are aligned with the internal risk management and
     consolidation management policies; setting limits for major risks; and supervising and reviewing the risk
     management policies and making recommendations to the Board.

     The Operation Management

     The Company’s Executives Committee deliberates or makes overall decisions with specific risk
     management matters in operating activities and makes decisions on efforts to improve the internal control
     rules and procedures and control measures in accordance with the risk management strategies and
     policies adopted by the Board.




                                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                 267
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           Structure of risk management (Continued)

           The Operation Management (Continued)

           The Company Risk Management Committee of the Executives Committee is responsible for organizing
           the formulation of the Group’s risk preference and tolerance as well as overall risk limits, review and
           approval of specific risk limits and risk control criteria for each business lines; drafting and promoting the
           implementation of various risk management rules and measures; review and approval of new businesses
           and products; and formulating risk control strategies and plans for material business matters.

           The Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for leading overall risk management activities
           across the Company, including organizing the formulation of risk management policies of relevant risk
           management rules and risk preference, improving the Group’s comprehensive risk management practices,
           and guiding the Risk Management Department in the identification, evaluation, monitoring and reporting of
           various risks.

           The Department, Branch and Subsidiary

           Each and every department and branch/subsidiary of the Group, whose responsible person assumes
           primary responsibility for the risk management of the unit, within their respective roles and responsibilities,
           is responsible for following the decisions, rules and procedures, and risk management policies, and
           implementing risk-control measures and engaging in direct risk control efforts in their business activities.
           Every staff of the Group has the responsibility of diligence, prudent prevention and timely reporting on the
           effectiveness of risk management.

           The Risk Management Department that is responsible for risk management of the Group, the Legal
           and Compliance Department that is responsible for legal affairs and compliance management, and the
           Audit Department that is responsible for the Group’s internal audit activities are the three independent
           risk management functions that establish their own rules and procedures and operate independently to
           promote risk management of the Group. Specifically, the Risk Management Department is responsible
           for risk management before and during the event through risk monitoring and assessment, the Legal
           Compliance Department is responsible for taking the lead in managing the overall legal and compliance
           risks of the Group, and the Audit Department is responsible for independently and objectively reviewing
           and evaluating the sufficiency and effectiveness of comprehensive risk management, and supervising
           corrections and rectifications.

           In addition, pursuant to the needs of risk management in investment banking business, aligned with the
           regulatory requirements, the Company has established the Internal Audit Department. Through such
           review at the company level, the Company conducts final risk control prior to the delivery of investment
           banking projects, and assumes the decision making responsibility of the ultimate approval of materials
           and documents to be submitted, reported, issued or disclosed in the name of the Company.




268 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                       (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     Risk analysis and control

     Financial risks in the Group’s daily operating activities primarily include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk
     and operational risk. The Group has established specific policies and procedures to identify and address
     these risks, set out appropriate risk limits and internal control processes to manage these risks, and built
     integrated control system and information technology systems to continuously monitor these risks.

     53.1   Credit risk

            Credit risks refer to the risks of an economic loss caused by the failure of customers,
            counterparties or issuers of debt financing instruments (also referred to as financiers) to perform
            their contractual obligations.

            Credit risks of the Group relating to the securities financing business, which includes margin
            financing and stock pledge repurchase agreement, are primarily attributed to a decline in value, or
            insufficient liquidity of collateral provided by customers; customers’ failure to repay debts in full in
            a timely manner due to legal disputes over collateral assets; and operational misconducts including
            fraudulent credit information, violation of contracts and regulatory requirements. Control over credit
            risks for the securities financing business is managed primarily through risk management education
            programs for customers, credit due diligence and verification of customers, risk assessment on
            collateralized (pledged) securities, setup of trading limits, daily mark to market of exposure, issuing
            risk notification to customers, margin calls, forced position liquidation and legal recourse. The
            Group performs an assessment of the need for any loss allowance in accordance with the ECL
            model of the accounting standards of IFRS 9, and actively carries out debt recovery activities for
            defaulting customers.

            Credit risk relating to bond investments is primarily due to the decline in the creditworthiness of
            credit issuer of the debt financing instruments or defaults, counterparty defaults. The Group carries
            out due diligence for issuers and counterparties, establishes internal ratings for issuers, debts and
            counterparties, manages the access and size of transactions according to the internal and external
            rating, and controls credit risk using other tools for subsequent monitoring and management.
            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group maintains good credit quality of its
            investment portfolio, optimizes the issuer rating and credit granting and concentration management
            mechanism, strengthens risk early warning, and effectively control the loss of default.

            The Group controls credit risks relating to over-the-counter derivative transactions by setting
            counterparty ratings and credit lines, enhancing the review of derivatives contract terms, and
            setting limits on the size of transactions and related credit risk exposures before transactions
            can take place. The Group monitors and controls credit risk exposure of counterparties within
            established limits by adopting mark-to-market practices of derivative transactions and related
            collateral as well as forced position liquidating procedures.




                                                                Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                  269
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

                  In order to manage the settlement risks in brokerage and custody business, securities brokerage
                  transactions in Chinese Mainland are all settled on a fully pledged basis, which enables settlement
                  risks to be well under control. The Group strictly complies with relevant trading and settlement rules
                  and procedures to prevent non-compliant financing operations for clients. In addition, for bond-
                  pledged repurchase agreement transaction, through due diligence, establishment of reasonable
                  customer limits and haircut on collateral bonds, setting standards for minimum collateral level of
                  qualified securities and leverage ratios, concentration limits for single securities used as collateral,
                  standardizing emergency response processes and other measures, the Group prevents customer
                  under-collateralisation. For option transactions, the Group takes measures including margin deposit
                  management, limits setting and forced liquidation control to manage customers’ credit risk.

                  Furthermore, the Company’s Risk Management Department monitors and warning credit risk on an
                  ongoing basis, including monitoring the total amount of credit transactions and credit exposures
                  of the same customer, tracking the qualifying credit status of counterparties and bond issuers,
                  monitoring the collateral coverage of securities and financial business, requiring the business
                  department to fulfill its post-investment management duties, as well as using stress testing and
                  sensitivity analysis, amongst other techniques, to measure the credit risk of major business lines.

                  Expected credit loss measurement

                  The measurement of the ECL allowance for the debt financial instruments measured at amortized
                  cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income, is an area that requires the use of
                  models and assumptions about the future economic conditions and credit behavior of the clients.
                  Such as the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses.

                  The Group has applied a “three-stage” impairment model for ECL measurement based on changes
                  in credit quality since the initial recognition of financial assets as summarized below:

                  –      A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified as “Stage
                         1” and has its credit risk continuously monitored by the Group;

                  –      If a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition is identified, the
                         financial instrument is moved to “Stage 2” but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired;

                  –      If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then moved to “Stage
                         3”.

                  Stage 1: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal
                  to the next 12 months ECL. Stage 2 and Stage 3: The Group measures the loss allowance for a
                  financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL. Purchased or originated credit-impaired
                  financial assets are those financial assets that are credit-impaired on initial recognition. The Group
                  has measured the loss allowance for these financial instruments at an amount equal to the lifetime
                  ECL.




270 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                   (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

            Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

            For financial assets applied ECL measurement and classified under Stages 1 and 2, management
            assesses credit loss allowances using the risk parameter modelling approach that incorporated
            key parameters, including probability of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure
            at default (“EAD”). For credit-impaired financial assets classified under Stage 3, management
            assessed the credit loss allowances by estimating the cash flows expected to arise from the
            financial assets after taking into consideration forward looking factors.

            The measurement of ECL adopted by the management according to IFRS 9, involves judgements,
            assumptions and estimations.

            –     Selection of the appropriate models and determination of relevant key measurement
                  parameters;

            –     Criteria for determining whether or not there was a significant increase in credit risk, or a
                  default or impairment loss was incurred;

            –     Determination of forward-looking measurements and weightings; and

            –     The estimated future cash flows for the financial assets classified under Stage 3.

            Measuring ECL – models and parameters

            The ECL is measured on either a 12-month (12M) or Lifetime basis depending on whether a SICR
            has occurred since initial recognition or whether an asset is considered to be credit-impaired.

            The Group fully considers forward-looking information when measuring ECL. ECL is the discounted
            product of the PD, LGD, and EAD after considering the forward-looking impact.

            –     PD represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation, either over
                  the next 12 months (12M PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the obligation.
                  For securities financing business, the Group determines the PD by borrower based on
                  factors including the coverage ratio of underlying collateral value to margin loan (collateral
                  to loan ratio) and the volatility of such collateral’s valuation. For debt securities investments,
                  internal credit rating is taken into consideration.

            –     LGD represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure. For
                  securities financing business, the Group determines LGD, based on factors including the
                  realizable value of collateral upon forced liquidation taking into consideration the estimated
                  volatility over the realization period. For debt securities investments, LGD is determined
                  based on assessed publicly available information from credit rating agencies, and type of
                  securities.

            –     EAD is based on the amounts the Group expects to be owed at the time of default, over the
                  next 12 months (12M EAD) or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime EAD).




                                                             Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                271
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

                  Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                  The criteria of Significant increase in credit risk (SICR)

                  The Group evaluates debt financial instruments to identify whether a SICR has occurred since
                  initial recognition at each balance sheet date. An ECL allowance of financial assets is recognized
                  according to the stage in which the assets are classified. This takes account of what reasonable
                  information, including forward looking information, is available to identify whether a SICR had
                  arisen. The Group considers a financial instrument to have experienced a SICR when one or more
                  of the following quantitative, qualitative or backstop criteria have been met.

                  For securities financing business, the Group sets differentiated collateral to loan ratios as triggering
                  margin calls and force liquidation thresholds (force liquidation thresholds generally no less than
                  130%) against different exposures related to these transactions, based on the obligors’ credit
                  quality, operation situation, contract maturity date, the volatility and liquidity of related collateral
                  securities, and related performance information.

                  For securities financing business, the Group considers securities financing business to have
                  experienced a SICR if collateral to loan ratios are lower than the force liquidation thresholds, which
                  means a decline in collateral valuation or the quality of the third-party collateral is significantly
                  reduced. As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, over 95% of the securities financing
                  balances of the Group were covered by collateral value of over the force liquidation thresholds of
                  related loan or repo amounts.

                  For debt securities investments, the Group makes use of its internal rating measurement system’s
                  results. The Group considers debt securities investments to have experienced a SICR if the latest
                  internal ratings of the issuers of debt securities or the debt securities themselves underwent two
                  notches of downward migration or more, compared with those ratings as at the acquisition date;
                  and if the latest internal rating of issuers of debt securities or the debt securities themselves were
                  under the predetermined grading. As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, majority of
                  the debt securities investments of the Group were rated as investment grade or above and there
                  was no SICR.

                  A backstop is applied to all relevant financial assets and they are considered to have experienced a
                  SICR if the borrower or the debtor is more than 30 days past due on its contractual payments.

                  The Group has used the low credit risk exemption for financial instruments, such as cash and bank
                  accounts, settlement reserve, refundable deposits, financial assets held under resale agreements
                  collateralized by debt securities.




272 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                      (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

            Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

            Definition of default and credit impairment

            The Group assesses whether a financial instrument has been credit-impaired in a manner
            consistent with its internal credit risk policies for managing financial instruments. The consideration
            includes qualitative criteria, quantitative criteria and upper limit. The Group defines a financial
            instrument as credit-impaired, which is fully aligned with the definition of “in default”, when it meets
            one or more of the following criteria:

            •      The debtor is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments;

            •      For securities financing business, forced liquidation of a client’s position is triggered based
                   on a predetermined threshold of loan to collateral ratios; whereby the collateral valuation
                   falls short of the related loan or repo amounts;

            •      The latest internal ratings of issuers of debt securities or debt securities themselves are in
                   default grade;

            •      The debtor, issuer, or counterparty is in significant financial difficulty;

            •      An active market for that financial asset has disappeared because of debtor’s financial
                   difficulties;

            •      Concessions have been made by the Group relating to the debtor, issuer, or counterparty’s
                   financial difficulty;

            •      It is becoming probable that the debtor, issuer, or counterparty will enter bankruptcy or
                   undertake a financial restructuring, etc.

            When a financial asset is considered to be credit-impaired, it may be the result of multiple events,
            not due to a separately identifiable event.

            In summary, the “three-stage” classification criteria for securities financing business is:

            –      Securities financing business with collateral to loan ratios no less than the force liquidation
                   thresholds and those past due for no more than 30 days are classified under Stage 1.

            –      Securities financing business with collateral to loan ratios fall below the pre-determined force
                   liquidation thresholds but no less than 100%; or those past due for more than 30 days but
                   no more than 90 days are classified under Stage 2.

            –      Securities financing business with collateral to loan ratios fall below 100%; or those past due
                   for more than 90 days are classified under Stage 3.




                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              273
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

                  Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                  Forward-looking information

                  The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both incorporate forward-looking information.
                  The Group has performed historical data analysis and identified the key economic variables
                  impacting credit risk and ECL for each financial instrument portfolio. The Group uses these key
                  economic variables as proxy variables to forecast under different economic scenarios and applies
                  them in the measurement of ECL with Merton Model.

                  For all portfolios the Group concluded that three scenarios appropriately captured non-linearities
                  of key economic variables. The scenario weightings are determined by a combination of statistical
                  analysis and expert judgement, taking account of the range of possible outcomes each chosen
                  scenario is representative of. The Group reassesses the quantity and characteristic of these
                  scenarios at each balance sheet date. As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the
                  Group set three scenarios of optimism, base and pessimism for analysis of main product types,
                  and the probability-weight of base scenario adopted by the Group was more than that of the other
                  scenarios.

                  During 2025, the Group adopted the macroeconomic prosperity index leading index and the
                  average guarantee ratio in the margin trading market as proxy variables for macroeconomic
                  forward-looking forecasting, distinguished optimistic, benchmark, and pessimistic scenarios using
                  the historical distribution of relative changes with different confidence levels.

                  The assessment of SICR is performed using the Lifetime PD under each of the base and other
                  scenarios multiplied by the associated scenario weighting, as well as qualitative criteria, quantitative
                  criteria and upper limit. The Group measures ECL as either a probability weighted 12-month ECL
                  or a probability weighted lifetime ECL. These probability-weighted ECLs are determined by running
                  each scenario through the relevant ECL model and multiplying it by the appropriate scenario
                  weighting.

                  As at 31 December 2025, by taking current economy situation and international circumstances
                  into comprehensive consideration, the Company updated the relevant economic indicators used
                  for forward-looking measurement according to the latest economic forecast. As with any economic
                  forecasts, the projections and likelihoods of occurrence are subject to a high degree of inherent
                  uncertainty and therefore the actual outcomes may be significantly different to those projected. The
                  Group considers these forecasts to represent its best estimate of the possible outcomes as at the
                  financial statement date.




274 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

            Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

            Sensitivity analysis

            The allowance for credit losses is sensitive to the inputs used in internally developed models,
            macroeconomic variables in the forward-looking forecasts, weighting applied to economic
            scenarios and other factors considered when applying expert judgement. Changes in these inputs,
            assumptions and judgements are likely to have an impact on the measurement of ECLs.

            A sensitivity analysis is performed on key economic indicators, economic scenarios and weightings
            assigned used in forward-looking measurement. When the assigned weightings of optimistic
            scenario and pessimistic scenario change by 10%, the impact on ECL recognized is not significant.

            Meanwhile, the Group also uses sensitivity analysis to monitor the impact of changes to the credit
            risk classification of financial assets on ECL. As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024,
            assuming there was no SICR since initial recognition, and all the financial assets in Stage 2 were
            moved to Stage 1, the decremental impact on ECL allowance recognized in statement of financial
            position would be not significant.

            Collateral and other credit enhancements

            The Group employed a range of policies and credit enhancements to mitigate credit risk exposure
            to an acceptable level. The most common of these is accepting collateral for funds advanced
            or guarantee. The Group determined the type and amount of collateral according to the credit
            risk evaluation of counterparties. The collateral under margin accounts and reverse repurchase
            agreements is primarily stocks, debt securities, funds etc. The management would test the market
            value of collateral periodically, and send margin calls according to related agreements, also monitor
            the market value fluctuation of collaterals when monitoring the measurement of the loss allowance.

            Impairment provision of securities financing business

            As at 31 December 2025, the percentage of impairment provision applied by the Group on
            securities financing business under the Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 were 0.85%, 5.20% and
            98.02%, respectively (31 December 2024: 0.74%, 2.35% and 79.76%).




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.              275
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

                  Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                  Credit risk exposure analysis

                  As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the credit quality of the Group’s financing
                  exposures to customers was in good condition and over 95% of the securities financing business
                  of the Group were with collateral to loan ratios no lower than the force liquidation thresholds.
                  High threshold of margin loans to collateral ratios indicated that PD was low. For debt securities
                  investments, the Group employed both open market credit ratings and internal credit ratings
                  simultaneously as admittance criteria. The debt securities will be admitted only when the internal
                  and external ratings criteria are met. Majority of the Group’s debt securities investments were rated
                  as investment grade (AA) or above externally.

                  The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account of any collateral and
                  other credit enhancements:

                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                       2025                   2024


                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          152,759,373           168,529,957
                   Cash held on behalf of clients                                 162,630,325           122,276,940
                   Financial assets at fair value through other
                     comprehensive income                                          93,348,017            77,559,632
                   Margin accounts                                                 84,384,373            62,948,804
                   Cash and bank balances                                          54,686,344            46,473,105
                   Refundable deposits                                             20,552,895            12,829,143
                   Financial assets held under resale agreements                    6,494,291            11,103,213
                   Derivative financial assets                                      2,282,312             3,358,209
                   Others                                                          10,152,818             9,501,533


                   Total maximum credit risk exposure                             587,290,748           514,580,536




276 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

            Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

            The Group’s credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognized
            as follows according to the stage of ECL:

            (i)   Loss allowance for margin accounts

                                                                  Stage of ECL
                                                      Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3         Total
                                                                                  Lifetime ECL
                                                                                        (Credit-
                                                 12-month ECL Lifetime ECL            impaired)


                    1 January 2025                    479,621              488       1,181,787      1,661,896
                    Increases                         380,649               93          82,690        463,432
                    Reversals                        (141,205)             (76)        (72,415)      (213,696)
                    Transfer:
                      Stage 1 to Stage 2                  (21)              21                 –            –
                      Stage 1 to Stage 3                   (4)               –                 4            –
                      Stage 2 to Stage 1                  412             (412)                –            –
                    Foreign exchange and other
                      movements                           (89)               –           (3,066)       (3,155)


                    31 December 2025                  719,363              114       1,189,000      1,908,477


                                                                  Stage of ECL
                                                      Stage 1          Stage 2           Stage 3        Total
                                                                                   Lifetime ECL
                                                                                         (Credit-
                                                 12-month ECL      Lifetime ECL        impaired)


                    1 January 2024                    288,330               85       1,073,108      1,361,523
                    Increases                         392,716              367         105,919        499,002
                    Reversals                        (201,244)            (101)              –       (201,345)
                    Transfer:
                      Stage 1 to Stage 2                 (210)             210                 –            –
                      Stage 1 to Stage 3                   (97)              –                97            –
                      Stage 2 to Stage 1                    73             (73)                –            –
                    Foreign exchange and other
                      movements                            53                –            2,663         2,716


                    31 December 2024                  479,621              488       1,181,787      1,661,896




                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.            277
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

                  Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                  (ii)   Loss allowance for financial assets held under resale agreements

                                                                    Stage of ECL
                                                         Stage 1         Stage 2          Stage 3        Total
                                                                                    Lifetime ECL
                                                                                          (Credit-
                                                   12-month ECL Lifetime ECL            impaired)


                          1 January 2025                   8,109               –          410,519      418,628
                          Increases                       15,489               –           68,429       83,918
                          Reversals                       (5,602)              –         (194,263)    (199,865)
                          Transfer:
                            Stage 1 to Stage 3              (256)              –              256            –


                          31 December 2025                17,740               –         284,941      302,681


                                                                    Stage of ECL
                                                         Stage 1         Stage 2           Stage 3       Total
                                                                                     Lifetime ECL
                                                                                           (Credit-
                                                   12-month ECL      Lifetime ECL        impaired)


                          1 January 2024                  25,442             267          503,788      529,497
                          Increases                        6,492               –            8,879       15,371
                          Reversals                      (23,825)           (267)        (102,148)    (126,240)


                          31 December 2024                 8,109               –         410,519      418,628




278 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     53.1   Credit risk (Continued)

            Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

            (iii)   Loss allowance for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
                    income (debt instruments)

                                                                  Stage of ECL
                                                       Stage 1         Stage 2          Stage 3        Total
                                                                                  Lifetime ECL
                                                                                        (Credit-
                                                  12-month ECL Lifetime ECL           impaired)


                     1 January 2025                    376,169           9,475           13,362      399,006
                     Increases                         370,608          35,996                –      406,604
                     Reversals                        (216,220)         (6,798)               –     (223,018)
                     Transfer:
                       Stage 1 to Stage 2                 (960)            960                 –           –
                     Foreign exchange and other
                       movements                          (212)              –                 –        (212)


                     31 December 2025                  529,385          39,633           13,362     582,380


                                                                  Stage of ECL
                                                       Stage 1         Stage 2           Stage 3       Total
                                                                                   Lifetime ECL
                                                                                         (Credit-
                                                  12-month ECL     Lifetime ECL        impaired)


                     1 January 2024                    484,383               –           13,372      497,755
                     Increases                         186,972           7,794              401      195,167
                     Reversals                        (293,623)              –             (411)    (294,034)
                     Transfer:
                       Stage 1 to Stage 2               (1,681)          1,681                 –           –
                     Foreign exchange and other
                       movements                          118                –                 –        118


                     31 December 2024                  376,169           9,475           13,362     399,006




                                                           Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.           279
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.2   Liquidity risk

                  Liquidity risks refer to the risks that the Group is unable to acquire sufficient funds in a timely
                  manner at a reasonable cost, in response to repay due debts, fulfill other payment obligations and
                  meet other funding needs during normal course of business.

                  The Group has established clear decision-making levels, authority delegation and risk control
                  rules and procedures, and clearly defined the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors,
                  executive management, the Treasury Department and business departments in liquidity risk control.
                  The Asset and Liability Management Committee of the Executives Committee is responsible
                  for organizing and managing the asset and liability allocation plan of the Group, reviewing and
                  approving the internal valuation interest rate of capital and emergency plans for liquidity risk.
                  The Group established the Treasury Department to initiate the management of the liquidity of its
                  proprietary funds, accounting for expanding mid-term and long-term stable funding channels,
                  reasonably adjusting the asset allocation among various business lines, and steadily optimizing
                  its assets and liabilities structure. The Group implements liquidity risk limits management and
                  conducts daily and monthly liquidity position analyzes to manage liquidity movements, and regularly
                  and irregularly evaluates the impact of asset liability allocation and adjustments on liquidity risk. For
                  effective management of market liquidity risk of its securities portfolios, the Group has implemented
                  securities centralization management for securities investment and financing activities, and has
                  adopted credit rating criteria for fixed-income securities investments. The Group has improved its
                  daily practice for liquidity risk management and control mechanism with the assistance of liquidity
                  reserve asset management system, refining internal funds transfer pricing (FTP) system, as well
                  as establishing and optimizing liquidity emergency plans and stress tests. During the year ended
                  31 December 2025, The Company has appropriately planned and dynamically adjusted its scale
                  and structure of assets and liabilities based on development strategy and market environment,
                  maintained a reasonable debt maturity structure and sufficient liquidity reserve, and improved the
                  mechanism for providing liquidity support to overseas subsidiaries. The regulatory liquidity coverage
                  ratio and net stable funding ratio has been fully compliant and prudent, and with the liquidity risk
                  closely monitored and controlled.




280 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                      (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     53.2   Liquidity risk (Continued)

            The maturity profile of the financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting year, based on their
            contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                                         31 December 2025
                                                           Overdue/
                                                          repayable     Less than    3 months to        1 to 5    More than
                                                         on demand      3 months          1 year        years       5 years          Total


                  Accounts payable to brokerage
                    clients                              175,840,031            –              –            –              –   175,840,031
                  Derivative financial liabilities         6,095,067      218,791        183,101       32,415              –     6,529,374
                  Financial liabilities at fair value
                    through profit or loss                 2,812,081     1,015,235     6,610,957    1,078,463        93,520     11,610,256
                  Financial assets sold under
                    repurchase agreements                 10,513,372   124,603,006       411,548              –            –   135,527,926
                  Placements from banks and other
                    financial institutions                         –     6,561,699             –              –            –     6,561,699
                  Short-term borrowings                            –     7,067,936       941,028              –            –     8,008,964
                  Short-term financing instruments
                    payable                                        –    27,656,662    26,761,351            –              –    54,418,013
                  Bonds in issue                                   –       607,729     1,931,667   86,249,962     13,108,600   101,897,958
                  Lease liabilities                                –       150,553       326,621      428,820         17,707       923,701
                  Others (i)                              28,778,856     3,252,600    28,072,980       20,250          1,640    60,126,326


                  Total                                  224,039,407   171,134,211    65,239,253   87,809,910     13,221,467   561,444,248


                  Cash flows from derivative financial
                    liabilities settled on a net basis     6,095,067      175,468        169,179            276            –     6,439,990


                  Gross-settled derivative financial
                    liabilities                                    –       43,323         13,922       32,139              –       89,384
                    Contractual amounts receivable                 –            –              –            –              –            –
                    Contractual amounts payable                    –       43,323         13,922       32,139              –       89,384


            (i)           Others mainly include bonds in issue with maturity within one year and derivative business payables.




                                                                               Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                    281
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.2   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                  The maturity profile of the financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting year, based on their
                  contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows (Continued):

                                                                                              31 December 2024
                                                                  Overdue/
                                                                 repayable     Less than   3 months to       1 to 5    More than
                                                                on demand      3 months         1 year        years      5 years           Total


                        Accounts payable to brokerage
                          clients                              130,641,940            –             –             –            –   130,641,940
                        Derivative financial liabilities         3,769,240      134,820       166,822         1,310            –     4,072,192
                        Financial liabilities at fair value
                          through profit or loss                 2,963,983      343,289     3,145,154     2,501,406     151,630        9,105,462
                        Financial assets sold under
                          repurchase agreements                  5,203,044   107,216,634    1,324,799             –            –   113,744,477
                        Placements from banks and other
                          financial institutions                         –       800,075             –            –            –         800,075
                        Short-term borrowings                            –     3,862,442             –            –            –       3,862,442
                        Short-term financing instruments
                          payable                                        –     3,389,503   35,428,748             –            –    38,818,251
                        Bonds in issue                                   –     4,065,790   16,907,220    91,785,590   13,494,100   126,252,700
                        Lease liabilities                                –       175,220      436,278       674,479        8,689     1,294,666
                        Others (i)                              26,665,485     3,809,673    6,816,927         2,358          886    37,295,329


                        Total                                  169,243,692   123,797,446   64,225,948    94,965,143   13,655,305   465,887,534


                        Cash flows from derivative financial
                          liabilities settled on a net basis     3,769,240         7,487             –            –            –       3,776,727


                        Gross-settled derivative financial
                          liabilities                                    –      127,333       166,822         1,310            –        295,465
                          Contractual amounts receivable                 –            –             –             –            –              –
                          Contractual amounts payable                    –      127,333       166,822         1,310            –        295,465


                  (i)           Others mainly include bonds in issue with maturity within one year and derivative business payables.




282 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                    (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     53.2   Liquidity risk (Continued)

            The table below analyzes the Group’s lease agreements, which were committed as at 31 December
            2025 and 31 December 2024 but not commenced into the relevant maturity groupings based on
            their contractual maturities:

                                                                        31 December 2025
                                               Less than          1 to 2        2 to 5   More than
                                                  1 year          years         years      5 years           Total


             Lease liabilities                      1,566         1,671            4,556           992       8,785


                                                                           31 December 2024
                                                Less than         1 to 2           2 to 5     More than
                                                   1 year          years            years       5 years       Total


             Lease liabilities                      4,655         6,115           10,412         7,266      28,448


     53.3   Market risk

            Market risk represents risk of fluctuations in fair values or future cash flows of financial instruments
            due to movements in market prices. Market risks primarily include stock price risk, interest rate
            risk, foreign exchange rate risk, and other price risks.

            For market risks, the Group has established a sound risk management organizational structure and
            built risk management processes that enables end-to-end coverage of investment activities before,
            during and after making the investments, with risk limits applied to every investment. The Group
            annually reviews and approves risk limits for the Group as well as each and every proprietary
            business lines, including exposure limits, stop-loss limits, VaR limits, sensitivity index limit and
            stress testing limits, and charges the Risk Management Department to monitor and supervise their
            implementation and compliance. The Group has adopted daily mark-to-market practices, and
            implemented stop-loss procedures commensurate with its trading strategies. On a regular basis,
            the Group assesses the risk tolerance of its proprietary business lines, the effectiveness of its
            risks control and the income level after risk adjustments, and includes the assessment results in
            the performance evaluation of these business lines. The Group makes on-going efforts to improve
            its proprietary business management system, including automated controls over relevant limit
            indicators.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has further standardized the market risk
            management mechanism based on changes in self discipline rules and the actual condition of the
            Group, while the Group earns reasonable investment returns, market risks are effectively controlled
            within the scope of various risk limit indicators.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.               283
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.3   Market risk (Continued)

                  (1)   Value at risk (VaR)

                        The Group adopts VaR as a tool to measure the market risk of its entire securities
                        investment portfolio comprising different types and varieties of financial instruments. VaR
                        is a method that estimates the maximum possible loss on the portfolio due to movements
                        in market interest rates or securities prices over a specified time period and within a given
                        confidence level.

                        The VaR of the Group’s investment portfolio is calculated using the portfolio’s historical
                        data information. Although VaR analysis is a key instrument for measuring market risk,
                        it has to rely on historical data and relevant information, and accordingly, it has certain
                        inherent limitations so that it may not accurately predict the future changes of risk factors
                        and in particular, cannot effectively reflect the risk under extreme market conditions. As a
                        supplementary measure, the Group implements daily and specific stress tests to assess
                        the impact on extreme adverse movements in risk indicators to the net capital of the Group
                        and the profit and loss on proprietary portfolio and proposes emergency plans with relevant
                        recommendations and measures accordingly.

                        Consistent with its internal risk management policy and comparable with peers, the Group’s
                        VaR was computed at a confidence level of 95% and with a holding period of 1 trading day.
                        The Group’s VaR analysis by risk categories is summarized as follows (in RMB thousands):

                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                       2025                   2024


                         Equity price-sensitive financial instruments                 169,413                114,255
                         Interest rate-sensitive financial instruments                207,814                151,694


                  (2)   Interest rate risk

                        Interest rate risk represents the risk of losses to the fair values or future cash flows of
                        financial instruments due to adverse movements in market interest rates. The Group’s
                        interest rate risk primarily comes from the interest rate-sensitive financial instruments whose
                        fair values are subject to changes due to adverse movements in market interest rates.

                        The Group primarily uses interest rate sensitivity analysis to monitor its interest rate risk.
                        Sensitivity analysis measures the impact of fair value changes of financial instruments held at
                        the period-end on the Group’s total revenue and total equity when reasonable and possible
                        changes occur to interest rates, assuming all other variables remain the same and market
                        interest rates shift in a parallel manner and not considering any risk management actions
                        that the management may take to reduce its interest rate risk.




284 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                  (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

53   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

     53.3   Market risk (Continued)

            (2)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

                  Interest rate sensitivity analysis of the Group are as follows (in RMB thousands):

                                                                          31 December            31 December
                   Sensitivity to revenue                                        2025                   2024


                   Change in basis points
                   +25 basis points                                            (771,508)               (817,797)
                   –25 basis points                                             777,985                 830,238


                                                                          31 December            31 December
                   Sensitivity to equity                                         2025                   2024


                   Change in basis points
                   +25 basis points                                            (530,671)               (376,226)
                   –25 basis points                                             536,779                 384,823


            (3)   Foreign currency rate risk

                  As at 31 December 2025, the foreign exchange exposure is approximately RMB6,755
                  million (31 December 2024: RMB3,651 million). The Group manages its foreign exchange
                  rate risk by implementing integrated management of domestic and foreign Fixed-Income
                  securities, Currencies and Commodities (FICC) and derivatives business, and manages
                  its foreign exchange risk by limiting the scale of foreign-currency-denominated assets
                  and liabilities and the comprehensive position of foreign exchange settlement and sales,
                  setting the Company’s self-operated investment stop-loss limit, risk exposure limit, using
                  foreign exchange derivative risk hedging tools and reinforcing country risk management.
                  The majority of its income-generating business activities under the current structure are
                  conducted in RMB. The foreign currency assets and liabilities of the Group are primarily held
                  by its overseas subsidiary, China Securities (International) Finance Holding Co., Ltd. The
                  Group believes that its foreign exchange rate risk has an insignificant impact on its current
                  operations.

            (4)   Other price risks

                  Other price risks refer to risks of fair value decline to the Group’s investment portfolio due
                  to fluctuations in market prices other than stock prices, interest rates, and foreign exchange
                  rates, including primarily commodity prices. The Group’s investment portfolio primarily
                  comprises equity securities, fixed income businesses as well as their derivative instruments.
                  Other market price-related businesses include gold trading and commodity derivatives
                  trading where the Group primarily focuses on providing liquidity services and arbitrage
                  trading with insignificant risk exposure. Accordingly, the Group believes that the other price
                  risks do not have a significant impact on the Group’s current operations.




                                                            Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.             285
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     53    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           53.4   Capital management

                  The Group’s objectives of capital management are:

                  •     To safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern so that it can continue to
                        provide returns for equity holders and benefits for other stakeholders;

                  •     To support the Group’s stability and growth;

                  •     To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of their business; and

                  •     To comply with the capital requirements under the PRC regulations.

                  In accordance with Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies
                  (Revised 2020) by the CSRC in 2020 and Calculation Standards for Risk Control Indicators of
                  Securities Companies (CSRC Announcement [2024] No.13) (implemented on 1 January 2025)
                  issued by the CSRC in September 2024, the Company is required to meet the following standards
                  for risk control indicators on a continual basis:

                  •     The risk coverage ratio shall be no less than 100%;

                  •     The capital leverage ratio shall be no less than 8%;

                  •     The liquidity coverage ratio shall be no less than 100%;

                  •     The net stable funding ratio shall be no less than 100%;

                  Of Which:

                  Risk coverage ratio = net capital/sum of various risk capital provisions x 100%;

                  Capital leverage ratio = core net capital/total asset on-/off-balance-sheet x 100%;

                  Liquidity coverage ratio = high quality liquid assets/net cash outflow in 30 days x 100%;

                  Net stable funding ratio = available amount of stable funding/required amount of stable funding x
                  100%.

                  Core net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in
                  the Calculation Standards.




286 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                   (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

54   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                           31 December         31 December
                                                                Note              2025                2024


     Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                              568,637            668,221
      Right-of-use assets                                                        748,301          1,090,666
      Investment properties                                                       40,778             39,761
      Intangible assets                                                          828,784            818,619
      Investments in subsidiaries                                20           11,700,844         11,700,844
      Investments in associates                                                   61,975             59,237
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      856,455            987,394
      Financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                 52,160,755         14,740,805
      Refundable deposits                                                      7,713,992          5,306,100
      Deferred tax assets                                                        460,677                  –
      Other non-current assets                                                   187,029            256,349


     Total non-current assets                                                 75,328,227         35,667,996


     Current assets
      Margin accounts                                                         84,128,744         62,335,868
      Accounts receivable                                                      6,787,598          7,423,603
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  140,121,545        166,929,793
      Financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                 73,262,441         64,600,074
      Derivative financial assets                                              1,966,492          3,479,936
      Financial assets held under resale agreements                            4,994,007         10,710,807
      Cash held on behalf of clients                                         139,426,379        104,220,257
      Cash and bank balances                                                  49,655,654         42,405,984
      Other current assets                                                       940,922          1,299,785


     Total current assets                                                    501,283,782        463,406,107


     Total assets                                                            576,612,009        499,074,103




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.         287
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     54    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

                                                                          31 December    31 December
                                                                                 2025           2024


            Current liabilities
             Accounts payable to brokerage clients                         139,586,769   104,476,718
             Lease liabilities                                                 428,140       548,528
             Derivative financial liabilities                                5,782,107     3,919,650
             Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss      8,599,418     5,905,759
             Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements             121,967,726   104,746,755
             Placements from banks and other financial institutions          6,560,614       800,037
             Taxes payable                                                   1,132,598       657,203
             Short-term financing instruments payable                       45,960,738    34,663,933
             Other current liabilities                                      51,442,434    50,036,783


            Total current liabilities                                      381,460,544   305,755,366


            Net current assets                                             119,823,238   157,650,741


            Total assets less current liabilities                          195,151,465   193,318,737


            Non-current liabilities
             Bonds in issue                                                 81,754,591    88,956,694
             Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss      1,171,982     2,653,036
             Lease liabilities                                                 340,229       642,960
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                –        98,831
             Other non-current liabilities                                       4,022         3,243


            Total non-current liabilities                                   83,270,824    92,354,764


            Net assets                                                     111,880,641   100,963,973


            Equity
              Share capital                                                  7,756,695     7,756,695
              Other equity instruments                                      36,145,019    29,825,830
              Reserves                                                      39,560,168    36,845,782
              Retained earnings                                             28,418,759    26,535,666


            Total equity                                                   111,880,641   100,963,973




288 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                           (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

55   STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                                 Reserves
                                                                    Other                                             Investment
                                                       Share        equity     Capital      Surplus         General   revaluation    Retained
                                             Note     capital instruments      reserve      reserve         reserve       reserve    earnings          Total


      At 1 January 2025                             7,756,695   29,825,830   12,382,301    7,213,336   16,257,183        992,962    26,535,666 100,963,973

      Profit for the year                                   –            –            –            –              –             –    7,752,872    7,752,872
      Other comprehensive income
        for the year                                        –            –            –            –              –      445,480             –      445,480


      Total comprehensive income
         for the year                                       –            –            –            –              –      445,480     7,752,872    8,198,352


      Capital injected/(reduced) by
          equity holders
          – Capital injected by other
              equity instrument holders       45            –    6,319,189      (42,634)          –             –               –            –     6,276,555
      Appropriation to surplus reserve        46            –            –            –     775,287             –               –     (775,287)            –
      Appropriation to general reserve        46            –            –            –           –     1,569,285               –   (1,569,285)            –
      Dividends to equity holders             15            –            –            –           –             –               –   (2,559,709)   (2,559,709)
      Distribution to other equity
          instrument holders                  15            –            –            –            –              –             –     (998,530)    (998,530)
      Transfers within the owners’ equity
      – Other comprehensive income
          transferred to retained earnings                  –            –            –            –              –      (33,032)      33,032              –


      At 31 December 2025                           7,756,695   36,145,019   12,339,667    7,988,623   17,826,468      1,405,410    28,418,759 111,880,641


     The net profit of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB7,753 million
     (2024: RMB7,521 million).




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                                   289
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     55    STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                           Reserves
                                                                             Other                                              Investment
                                                              Share          equity      Capital      Surplus         General   revaluation     Retained
                                                   Note      capital   instruments       reserve      reserve         reserve       reserve     earnings         Total


            At 1 January 2024                             7,756,695    24,906,528     12,428,414    6,461,218    14,733,506       575,181     24,994,358    91,855,900

            Profit for the year                                   –              –             –            –              –             –     7,521,182     7,521,182
            Other comprehensive income
              for the year                                        –              –             –            –              –      417,506              –      417,506


            Total comprehensive income
              for the year                                        –              –             –            –               –     417,506      7,521,182     7,938,688


            Capital injected/(reduced) by
              equity holders
              – Capital injected by other equity
                 instrument holders                 45            –     4,919,302        (46,113)          –              –              –             –     4,873,189
            Appropriation to surplus reserve        46            –             –              –     752,118              –              –      (752,118)            –
            Appropriation to general reserve        46            –             –              –           –      1,523,677              –    (1,523,677)            –
            Dividends to equity holders             15            –             –              –           –              –              –    (2,637,276)   (2,637,276)
            Distribution to other equity
              instrument holders                    15            –              –             –            –               –            –    (1,066,528)   (1,066,528)
            Transfers within the owners’ equity
            – Other comprehensive income
                 transferred to retained
                 earnings                                         –              –             –            –               –          275          (275)            –


            At 31 December 2024                           7,756,695    29,825,830     12,382,301    7,213,336    16,257,183       992,962     26,535,666 100,963,973




290 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

56   EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     (1)   Issuance of corporate bond

           In January 2026, the Company privately issued a corporate bond with a face value of RMB6.0
           billion. The “26 Xintou F1” has a face value of RMB4.5 billion, with a maturity of 2 years and a
           nominal rate of 1.92%; the “26 Xintou F2” has a face value of RMB1.5 billion, with a maturity of
           3 years and a nominal rate of 1.98%. The bond accrues interest at fixed rate per annum, pays
           interest annually and is not guaranteed.

           In January 2026, the Company publicly issued a technology innovation corporate bond (“26 Xintou
           K1”), with a face value of RMB1.0 billion, with a maturity of 3 years and a nominal rate of 1.82%;
           The bond accrues interest at fixed rate per annum, pays interest annually and is not guaranteed.

           In February 2026, the Company publicly issued a corporate bond (“26 Xintou G1”), with a face
           value of RMB2.5 billion, with a maturity of 2 years and a nominal rate of 1.79%; The bond accrues
           interest at fixed rate per annum, pays interest annually and is not guaranteed.

           In February 2026, the Company privately issued a corporate bond with a face value of RMB4.0
           billion. The “26 Xintou F3” has a face value of RMB3.0 billion, with a maturity of 2 years and a
           nominal rate of 1.90%; the “26 Xintou F4” has a face value of RMB1.0 billion, with a maturity of
           3 years and a nominal rate of 1.97%. The bond accrues interest at fixed rate per annum, pays
           interest annually and is not guaranteed.

           In March 2026, the Company privately issued a corporate bond with a face value of RMB2.5 billion.
           The “26 Xintou F5” has a face value of RMB1.4 billion, with a maturity of 2 years and a nominal
           rate of 1.81%; the “26 Xintou F6” has a face value of RMB1.1 billion, with a maturity of 3 years and
           a nominal rate of 1.90%. The bond accrues interest at fixed rate per annum, pays interest annually
           and is not guaranteed.

     (2)   Issuance of perpetual subordinated bond

           In March 2026, the Company publicly issued a perpetual subordinated bond with a face value of
           RMB4.4 billion (“26 Xintou Y1”). The bond is repriced every 5 interest-accruing years and at the
           end of the repricing cycle, the Company has the option to extend the bond for another repricing
           cycle (another five years) or redeem it in full. The bond accrues interest at floating rate with an initial
           fixed annual interest rate of 2.25% in the first 5 interest-accruing years and will be repriced every 5
           years from the sixth years. The bond pays interest annually in case of the Company not exercising
           the option to defer the interest payment and is not guaranteed.




                                                              Annual Report 2025 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD.                 291
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     (In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)

     56    EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (CONTINUED)

           (3)   Issuance of short-term commercial paper

                 Subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the issuance date of this report, the Company issued
                 7 tranches of short-term commercial papers with a total issuance amount of RMB20.1 billion and
                 nominal interest rates ranging from 1.57% to 1.70%.

           (4)   Dividend

                 On 26th March 2026, the Board of directors proposes a cash dividend of RMB1.75 (tax inclusive)
                 per 10 ordinary shares, amounting to RMB1,357.42 million (tax inclusive) in total based on
                 7,756,694,797 shares for the year ended 31 December 2025 The proposal is subject to the
                 approval by the General Meeting.

     57    COMPARATIVE FIGURES

           As detailed in Note 2, the Group has adopted certain accounting policy changes and therefore made
           retrospective adjustments (including adjustments to comparable period financial information) as required.




292 CSC FINANCIAL CO., LTD. Annual Report 2025
