                                                                                    Johnson Electric Holdings Limited
                                                                                    Annual Report 2018




                                                Johnson Electric Holdings Limited




                                                Annual Report 2018
Johnson Electric Holdings Limited
       12 Science Park East Avenue, 6/F
           Hong Kong Science Park
             Shatin, New Territories
                   Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2663 6688     Fax: (852) 2897 2054
            www.johnsonelectric.com




                                                                                    (Stock Code: 179)
                                          2018


CONTENTS
2/    Johnson Electric at a Glance     68/     Final Dividend

4/    Vision and Business Strategies   68/     Closing Register of
                                               Shareholders
8/    Sustainable Development Goals
                                       69/     Consolidated Financial
                                               Statements
10/   Celebrating Honorary Chairman
      100th Anniversary
                                       182/ Johnson Electric Group Ten-Year
                                               Summary
12/   Letter to Shareholders
                                       184/ Profile of Directors and Senior
16/   Management’s Discussion and              Management
      Analysis
                                       190/ Corporate and Shareholder
45/   Corporate Governance Report              Information

58/   Report of the Directors




          Employing
over 40,000 PEOPLE
          including
                                                    Providing motion
 1,600 ENGINEERS                                      solutions to
                                                    over 2,500
                                                   CUSTOMERS
         Operating in
      22 COUNTRIES
            across
      4 CONTINENTS




                         Producing over
                        2.5 MILLION
                        MOTORS and
                        ACTUATORS
                           PER DAY


      Generating
 Total Sales Revenue
of US$3.2 BILLION and
    Net Income of
  US$264 MILLION


                           Filing over
                         750 PATENT
                        APPLICATIONS
    JOHNSON ELECTRIC
    AT A GLANCE
                                                   Johnson Electric:
 “ A global leader                           Innovating Motion since 1959
  in the supply of                                                    The Johnson Electric Group traces its origins
      precision                                                       to a business founded in Hong Kong by
   motors, motion                                                     Mr. and Mrs. Wang Seng Liang in 1959 to
                                                                      manufacture small electric motors for toys.
 subsystems and                                                       The business has since expanded its product
       related                                                        range and geographic presence to become a
electro-mechanical                                                    global leader in the supply of precision
                                                                      motors, motion subsystems and related
   components. ”                                                      electro-mechanical components to the
                                                                      automotive industry and other industrial and
                                                                      consumer product applications.

                                                                      Johnson Electric Group presently employs
                                                                      over 40,000 individuals in 22 countries
                                                                      spanning Asia, Europe, the Middle East, North
                                                                      America and South America. Johnson
                                                                      Electric Holdings Limited, the Group’s
                                                                      parent company, is listed on The
                                                                      Stock Exchange of Hong
                                                                      Kong.




                                                Industry Products Group
                                                Johnson Electric supplies advanced motion solutions and electro-
                                                mechanical components to approximately 2,000 industrial and
                                                commercial customers whose products are found in a remarkably
                                                diverse range of industrial, professional and consumer application
    Washing Machine Drain Pump                  segments.

    The continuing proliferation of hardware devices and equipment that
    contain electric motors, solenoids, switches and other electro-mechanical
    components reflects a rapidly changing world where businesses and
    consumers are seeking products that are more energy efficient, smaller,
    lighter, more controllable and more connected than ever before. Among
    the application segments we serve are: heating and ventilation; electric
    and gas metering; power tools; lawn and garden equipment; white goods;
    small domestic appliances; food and beverage dispensing machines;
    window automation; printers and business machines; medical devices;
    bank/SIM cards; ATMs and Point of Sale equipment.

    Many of the world’s leading branded goods companies rely on Johnson
    Electric to solve their most complex motion problems and at a competitive
    total cost that enables them to be successful in their markets.             Motorised Window Shutter



    Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                     2
Automotive Products Group
Johnson Electric develops and produces subsystems for
automotive applications that require motors, actuators, pumps and
related components. We supply over 500 customers spanning
OEMs, Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers in the automotive industry and
our products can be found in substantially all of the major
passenger vehicle brands in the world.

Demand for our technology and motion solutions is growing due
to increasingly stringent regulations on fuel emissions and fuel
economy, as well as the ongoing adoption by mid-range and
compact car models of the more advanced comfort and safety                Electric Parking Brake Actuator
features of luxury vehicles.

Johnson Electric’s automotive products include: thermal management subsystems such as powertrain cooling
fans, battery cooling fans for hybrid/electric vehicles, coolant valve actuators, and auxiliary electric water pumps;
heating, ventilation and air-conditioning actuators; engine and transmission oil pumps; electric power steering
motors; electric parking brake actuators and motors; headlamp actuators and levelers; washer pump systems
                                       and motors; window lift drives; sun-roof drives; power-lift-gate drives;
                                       electric door lock motors and actuators; seat adjust motors; transmission
                                       and driveline actuators; motors for turbo charger actuators; engine
                                       management motors and actuators; and powder metal components for
                                       engines, transmissions and suspensions.

                                         For vehicles in production today and for the next generation of conventional
                                         internal combustion engine, hybrid and all-electric vehicles under
                                         development, the imperative is for electro-mechanical components to be
                                         energy efficient, compact, lightweight and yet capable of withstanding
                                         extreme temperatures, shocks and vibrations for the lifetime of the car. Our
                                         ability to address these technical challenges and deliver reliable, cost-
                                         competitive products to automotive customers worldwide has made
Engine Coolant Valve Actuator            Johnson Electric a recognised leader in the market.



Total Group Sales                                       Sales by Operating Division
US$ million                                                        Industry
                                       3,237                      Products
                                                                     Group      23%                     Automotive
                                                                                                        Products
                                                                                           77%          Group
                            2,776

 2,098 2,136 2,236
                                                        Sales by Destination

                                                                                                    Asia
                                                                    Americas
                                                                                29%        36%

                                                                                   35%
  2014     2015     2016        2017    2018
                                                                                 Europe

                                                           3
    VISION AND
    BUSINESS STRATEGIES
                                    Core Business Strategies
                                    Focusing on serving customers whose products are
                                    aligned to key underlying trends that drive long-term
                                    consumer demand – including the imperatives to reduce
                                    emissions, lower fuel consumption, improve health and safety, and
Johnson Electric’s                  increase mobility and controllability.

     Vision                         Johnson Electric’s core business is the supply of electro-mechanical
                                    motion systems and solutions to customers who value innovation and
                                    reliability. Within this defined market space, we target segments where
To Be The World’s                   secular “mega trends”, regulatory change or technology advancements
Definitive Provider                 are driving demand.

of Innovative and                   Across a diverse range of industries and geographies we seek to work
                                    closely with our customers to understand their customers’ requirements
 Reliable Motion                    and key preferences. Whether those requirements are for better energy
                                    efficiency, a cleaner environment, support for ageing populations,
     Systems.                       improved security, superior product functionality or ease of use, Johnson
                                    Electric delivers.

                                    Examples of our market leading technology and product innovations in
                                    these growth areas include: a unique range of motor subsystems that
                                    manage the flow of fuel, air and gas in automotive engines; electric relays
                                    that can remotely disconnect “smart” electricity meters; insulin delivery
                                    devices that integrate a miniature pump and motor; and a high precision
                                    shutter system that operates silently inside military-grade infrared
                                    cameras.




                                          Electric water pumps are becoming a key component in
                                          optimising performance of internal combustion engine vehicles
                                          and are a set for even more extensive use in hybrid and all-
                                          electric vehicles in the future. This is because conventional
                                          belt-driven mechanical water pumps are unable to control coolant
                                          volume on demand and therefore lack the precision and
                                          efficiency needed to meet the more complex cooling and
                                          performance requirements of the latest generation of passenger
                                          vehicles.
                                          The number of electric water pumps operating in hybrid and all-
                                          electric vehicles will likely increase to four or five pumps per
                                          vehicle due to the specific temperature management
                                          requirements of the traction motor, power electronics and
                                          additional battery/electronics subsystems.
                                          Demand for Johnson Electric’s range of advanced electric water
                                          pump solutions – particularly in China – is growing rapidly and is
                                          set to become a major new source of revenue growth over the
                                          next decade.



    Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 4
                                                                     VISION AND BUSINESS STRATEGIES




Investing in technology innovation to provide unique motion solutions to customer problems.
Technology leadership and application-specific know-how are the drivers that make Johnson Electric a global
leader in our industry. Over the past two decades, the Group has evolved from having a leading position in
small precision motors to building the broadest set of engineered motor and motion system solutions
available in the market today – incorporating DC & AC motors, stepper motors, actuators, solenoids, switches,
relays, precision gears, powder metal components, pumps and flexible printed interconnects.




             Patient self-administration of medicine is increasingly viewed as an effective means to treat
             chronic conditions which in turn is influencing the design of medication delivery devices.
                                                      Johnson Medtech’s innovative linear dosing subsystem
                                                      suppor ts ease of use by elderly and physically
                                                      challenged people without applying too much force to
                                                      inject medication. High precision and efficiency is
                                                      achieved through a custom designed motor, gears and
                                                      leadscrew subsystem; and sensors allow different
                                                      speed settings that can be adjusted to suit the
                                                      comfort of the user. This advanced dosing subsystem
                                                      enables the end device to make use of electronic
                                                      communication to other systems for better overall
                                                      disease management and patient care.



At Johnson Electric, we are constantly challenging our business managers and engineers to consider how
particular market segments are changing and how these changes can offer new opportunities for our
innovative technology.

In some instances this can mean differentiating our product offering using new technology (or a combination
of technologies) to provide a unique motion solution to a customer’s problem. In doing so, the ultimate
objective is to help the customer differentiate their products in the marketplace – such as through lower
energy consumption, lower weight, lower noise, or higher performance. In other situations, it can mean
designing and delivering a solution that offers lower total transaction costs for a customer over their end-
product’s entire life-cycle.




   Electric power steering has grown to become the dominant
   type of steering system in the automotive industry due to
   its favourable impact on fuel economy, greater control over
   driving dynamics, reduced noise levels and reduced
   assembly time.
   Johnson Electric’s BLDC motors for EPS applications span
   a wide range of power output; feature fail-safe designs;
   and also support autonomous driving functionality. And
   since the motor shaft is essentially connected directly to
   the steering wheel, the low torque ripple (reduced vibration
   effect) of our BLDC motor designs helps to ensure a
   superior driving experience – which in turn is underpinning
   Johnson Electric’s increasing share in this growing market.



                                                        5
Annual Report 2018




Building a global manufacturing footprint that provides greater customer responsiveness,
improved cost competitiveness, and reduced exposure to foreign currency volatility, tariffs and single country
risk.

The key goals of Johnson Electric’s manufacturing strategy are to be global, flexible and cost competitive. In
doing so, we aim to support our customers by being close to where they are operating and being able to ensure
fast, reliable supplies and highly responsive levels of service.

To execute this strategy, the Group is progressively building out its operating footprint in the three main
geographic regions of Asia, the Americas and Europe.

In addition to closer proximity to customers and faster delivery times, the direct benefits of this “in-region”
manufacturing strategy include lower freight costs and inventory levels; reduced exposure to foreign exchange
rate fluctuations; avoidance of tariffs and import duties; and an overall diversification of the Group’s operating
risk by not being overly reliant on any single country or factory.



Aligning design and production processes with the industrial logic of advanced
automation to continuously reduce cycle times and improve product quality.
Johnson Electric grew from humble beginnings as a manufacturing enterprise by establishing simple yet effective
processes to make quality products in the volumes required by our customers, delivered when they need them,
and in the most cost-efficient manner.

As the size, scope and complexity of the Group’s operations have grown, we are making significant investments
in advanced automated manufacturing, standardisation of product design and the digitalisation of our business
processes. This reflects the imperatives to ensure consistent quality of output everywhere we do business;
flawlessly execute new product launches in high volumes across multiple regions; and adapt our business model
to one where some of our more labour intensive assembly processes are increasingly performed by more capital
intensive automation.




         Fully automated assembly line for dishwasher drain pumps.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                           6
                                                                       VISION AND BUSINESS STRATEGIES




Making selective acquisitions that bring complementary technologies to the Group and strengthen
our position in key markets.

In addition to capital investments in the business, Johnson Electric actively evaluates potential acquisitions that
can add value to the Group. Among the characteristics that we look for in determining the attractiveness of
acquisition candidates are complementary technology; end-market applications with favourable growth prospects;
strong customer relationships; and cultural fit with Johnson Electric.

Over the past two decades, we have completed more than a dozen acquisitions of complementary businesses
which have been successfully integrated into our core business.




                        Acquisition of Additional 50% Equity
                      Interest in Halla Stackpole Corporation
  In May 2017, Johnson Electric completed the acquisition of an additional 50% equity interest in Halla
  Stackpole Corporation (“HSC”) – taking the Group’s attributable interest in HSC to 80%.

                                                                   Based in Ochang, Korea, HSC is a major
                                                                   manufacturer of powder metal components
                                                                   primarily for the automotive industry in Asia.
                                                                   This complementary investment provides a
                                                                   platform for accelerating sales growth and
                                                                   strengthening the Group’s position as a
                                                                   global supplier to key engine, transmission,
                                                                   suspension and steering applications that
                                                                   contribute to improved fuel economy,
                                                                   reduced emissions and increased passenger
                                                                   comfort. HSC employs over 500 individuals
                                                                   in two manufacturing facilities in Korea and
                                                                   China.




Developing and retaining a diverse and talented team of people who are committed
to making our customers successful and to growing a world-class company that can share in that success.

We believe that to maintain Johnson
Electric’s competitive edge we must
attract, select and retain talented and
motivated employees from a diverse
range of backgrounds. To succeed
requires more than ensuring competitive
compensation, benefit and incentive
structures. It means implementing a
range of talent management programs
designed to match the right people to
the right jobs; and offering our
employees rewarding work at different
phases of their careers.




                                                        7
SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT GOALS
Johnson Electric is dedicated to socially responsible interactions with its customers, employees, suppliers,
shareholders, business partners and local communities worldwide. The Group’s commitment to social
accountability includes policies and practices on a variety of issues such as human rights, non-
discrimination, social responsibilities and environmental management.
In 2015, the United Nations adopted 17 Sustainable Development Goals to protect the planet and ensure
prosperity for all. Johnson Electric has identified seven of these goals as areas where the Group has the
potential to make the greatest impact.




                                                                             RESPONSIBLE
                                                                            CONSUMPTION
                                                                           AND PRODUCTION




         Johnson Electric takes a systemic approach to ensuring resource and
         energy efficient production and supply chain management. As a
         technology leader for low-weight, high-power density motion solutions
         we aim to help our customers achieve their own sustainability goals
         through the provision of energy-efficient products that reduce                   SUSTAINABLE
         emissions and improve fuel consumption.
                                                                                           CITIES AND
                                                                                          COMMUNITIES



                                                             The quality and sustainability of urban
                                                             living in the future will hinge on
                                                             improved air quality and more efficient
                                       CLIMATE
                                                             energy consumption. In addition to
                                       ACTION                supporting the shift to cleaner modes of
                                                             transportation, Johnson Electric’s HVAC,
                                                             window shutter and meter applications
                                                             are directly targeted at smarter, energy-
                                                             efficient homes and buildings.
   Our high-precision components for the
   automotive industry perform mission critical
   functions in reducing CO2 emissions from
   internal combustion engines and are also
   enabling the transition to hybrid and all-
   electric vehicles.
   Our Industry Products Group similarly offers
   motion solutions that reduce electricity
   consumption for hundreds of product
   applications.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                    8
                                                                   SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS




         INDUSTRY,
      INNOVATION AND
     INFRASTRUCTURE



Johnson Electric innovates to provide unique motion solutions to
customer problems. The Group’s industrial logic is driven by its need to
be cost competitive and flexible to align with market needs. The Group
is upgrading its technological capabilities with advanced automation and
machine learning to deliver growth in productivity, higher product quality,
and improved resource and energy efficiency.




                                              Johnson Electric actively
                                              engages with customers,
                       PARTNERSHIPS           employees, suppliers and
                                              communities around the world
                            FOR               to fulfil shared sustainability
                       SUSTAINABILITY         goals including responsible production and consumption,
                                              climate action, sustainable cities and communities, good
                                              health and well-being and quality education. Our employees
                                              are especially proactive in organising regular community
                                              outreach activities to engage with and support the local
GOOD HEALTH                                   communities where we operate.
    AND
 WELL-BEING



    Johnson Medtech designs and delivers
    innovative technology solutions that help
    improve patient well-being and achieve
    better clinical outcomes. Our medical                      QUALITY
    applications include motorised instruments                EDUCATION
    for minimally-invasive surgery, miniaturised
    precision drug delivery devices, and patient
    care and vital signs monitoring technology.




                                                                The Johnson Electric Technical College,
                                                                operating in China and Mexico, targets
                                                                underprivileged youth, providing a mix of
                                                                general and technical education over a
                                                                3-year apprenticeship programme. The
                                                                Group also partners with schools and
                                                                universities to support the provision of
                                                                quality technical and vocational education.




                                                      9
              Celebrating Honorary Chairman
    Madam Yik-Chun Koo Wang
                             100th Anniversary




    Madam Yik-Chun Koo Wang was born in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province and by the age of 21 had already
    started her own garment business in Shanghai. Moving to Hong Kong in 1950, along with her
    husband Mr. Wang Seng Liang, she re-established the business and opened a couturier shop
    called Johnson Tailors. The “Johnson” name in Chinese stood for “the best workmanship in every
    inch of work”. In 1959, spotting an opportunity to supply Hong Kong’s thriving toy industry,
    Madam Koo and Mr. Wang co-founded a micro motor manufacturing company that would become
    Johnson Electric.



Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 10
Mr. and Mrs. Wang Seng Liang
                                      The entrepreneurial couple
 came to Hong Kong in 1950
                                    established a highly-successful
                                         garment business…




                …then co-founded
             Johnson Electric in 1959




   Madam Koo’s philanthropic work
     has focused on supporting               A proud mother to 5, grandmother to 14
     primary education in China                   and great grandmother to 17.

                                        11
      LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

      Johnson Electric
    achieved record net
 income for the financial
      year 2017/18 –
  underpinned by strong
 organic revenue growth
   from both of our two
  operating divisions and
by the positive impact of
    recent acquisitions.




                                               Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP
                                               Chairman and Chief Executive




      Johnson Electric Holdings Limited   12
                                                                          LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




Highlights of FY2017/18 Results
•   For the financial year ended 31 March 2018, total sales amounted to US$3,237 million – an increase
    of 17% compared to the prior financial year. Excluding the effects of acquisitions and foreign currency
    movements, underlying sales increased by 8%

•   EBITDA totalled US$520 million – an increase of 16%

•   Operating profits increased by 13% to US$335 million or 10.4% of sales (compared to 10.6% of sales
    in FY2016/17)

•   Net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 11% to US$264 million or 29.65 US cents per
    share on a fully diluted basis

•   Capital expenditure totalled US$306 million – up 27% and indicative of the Group’s strong order book
    of new business and major investments in advanced automation and technology

•   As of 31 March 2018, cash reserves amounted to US$169 million and the Group’s ratio of total debt
    to EBITDA was 0.9 times



Dividends
Given the substantial capital investment requirements of the business projected for the short to medium
term, the Board considers it prudent to recommend maintaining a final dividend of 34 HK cents per share.
Together with the interim dividend of 17 HK cents per share paid in January 2018, this amounts to a total
dividend of 51 HK cents per share (FY2016/17: 50 HK cents per share).



Sales Performance
The Group’s strong organic sales performance reflected the combination of an improving global economic
environment, new product launches and market share gains in a number of key product applications.

Total Group sales amounted to US$3,237 million, an increase of 17% over the prior financial year. This
figure included a full year sales contribution from AML Systems compared to a ten and a half month
contribution in FY2016/17 following its acquisition. Halla Stackpole Corporation, which became a 80%
owned subsidiary in May 2017, contributed sales of US$144 million. Excluding these acquisitions and the
impact of foreign exchange rate movements, underlying total sales increased by 8%.

The Automotive Products Group (“APG”), the largest operating division, achieved sales of US$2,494 million
including Halla Stackpole Corporation and AML Systems. Excluding acquisitions and currency effects, APG’s
sales increased by 8%.

Despite passenger vehicle production volume growth in Asia of 1% over the past financial year, APG grew
sales in the region by 15% in constant currency terms and excluding acquisitions. Johnson Electric’s strong
market position in China continues to be the main driver of APG’s growth in Asia, with numerous new
product launches and new platform awards across a range of product applications including powertrain
cooling, engine and transmission oil pumps, lighting subsystems and engine management actuators.




                                                    13
Annual Report 2018



European passenger car production volumes grew by almost 2% during the period and total annualised
levels reached a 10-year high as the region’s gradual economic recovery boosted consumer confidence.
APG’s European sales mirrored the overall market by increasing 2% in constant currency terms. In contrast,
APG sales in the Americas region comfortably outperformed the overall market with growth of 9% following
the launch and ramp-up of new programmes in powertrain cooling and electric parking brake applications.
After several years of uninterrupted volume growth, the North American light vehicle sector experienced a
softening in demand in 2017 due to the combination of rising automotive financing costs, a switch in
consumer sentiment away from traditional passenger cars and towards SUVs, and targeted reductions in
rental fleet sales by some OEMs.

The Industry Products Group (“IPG”) reported a 8% increase in sales to US$743 million – representing
23% of total Group sales. Divisional management has made excellent progress in implementing more
focused go-to-market strategies that target segments and key customers where Johnson Electric’s motion
solutions and products are competitively advantaged. All geographic regions in IPG achieved higher year-
on-year sales growth with standout performances from the floor care and printer application segments in
Asia, the metering and lawn and garden application segments in Europe, and the lawn and garden and
window automation application segments in the Americas.



Delivering Record Net Income
Gross profit increased by 6% to US$791 million – which as a percentage of sales represented a reduction
from 26.9% to 24.4%. This was partly due to the negative impact of pricing pressure and higher raw
material, labour and depreciation expenses; and also partly due to product mix changes as the result of
acquisitions. The recently acquired Halla Stackpole Corporation and AML Systems are automotive
components businesses that, consistent with the market segments they serve, have lower average gross
margins than the Group as a whole – but also feature cost structures with much lower overheads.

Group operating profits increased by 13% to US$335 million or 10.4% of sales (10.6% in the prior year).
The slight decline in operating margins reflected the combined net negative pre-tax impact of US$18 million
from two non-cash items: a valuation gain related to the acquisition of an additional 50% equity interest
in Halla Stackpole Corporation; and a mark-to-market liability related to structured foreign exchange
contracts that form part of the Group’s long-term operational hedging activities.

Net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 11% to a record US$264 million.



Investing to Drive Growth and Transform the
Business Model
There is little doubt that over the course of the next ten to twenty years, the automotive industry – by far
the Group’s largest end market – will undergo the greatest structural disruption in its recent history.
Changes in technology, regulation and consumer preferences will reshape the industry landscape and
upend many existing business models.

The precise nature, scope and timing of these changes, however, are the subject of considerable debate.
Opinions diverge sharply when it comes to predicting how quickly internal combustion engines will be
replaced by alternative types of propulsion, how widely consumers will adopt (and regulators may allow)
autonomous driving, or how extensively shared mobility services will impact passenger vehicle sales
globally.



Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                   14
                                                                            LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




For automotive components suppliers, this degree of disruptive change presents opportunities and
challenges. In Johnson Electric’s case, we see an exciting growth opportunity stemming from the market’s
need for innovative, cost-competitive solutions to reduce emissions, enable electrification and optimise
thermal management. These imperatives are right in the sweet spot for our unique range of electric motors,
actuators and pump technologies.

Meeting this strong and sustained demand for our products is requiring significant investment in new plant,
tooling and automation equipment. And it is also presenting management with the welcome – though
nonetheless non-trivial – challenge of simultaneously executing multiple new product launches across
multiple geographies.

In parallel to the Group’s progressive build-up of a larger, more automated and more global manufacturing
footprint, the Digital Revolution is set to bring about a fundamental shift in the way we operate. Advances
in sensors, machine vision, digital twin technology, machine learning and artificial intelligence will enable
improved product quality, added speed and agility, reduced costs, increased customer satisfaction and new
potential streams of revenue.

Taken together these changes will transform Johnson Electric as a business enterprise. Shareholders can
expect to see the first stage of this transformation play out over the next three to five years as we invest
to respond to the strong “pull” from the market for our products and we embrace digitalisation as the
essential means to sustain our long-term competitiveness.



Outlook
Heading into the new 2018/19 financial year, the business is performing well in the context of a global
economy that is expanding – but at growth rates still below pre-crisis averages. Very robust demand for
our motion products and solutions continues and, barring rising protectionist sentiment boiling over into a
major trade war, we anticipate organic sales growth for the current financial year to be similar to the level
achieved in 2017/18.

At present, it is not possible to predict whether the on-going public trade dispute involving the US, China
and the European Union will result in higher tariffs or other measures that could seriously threaten the
global economic recovery. It is equally difficult to gauge the potential impact on Johnson Electric and its
customers with any degree of precision. However, based purely on information currently available relating
to the proposed additional Section 301 tariffs on products imported into the USA from China, it appears
that these may apply to product lines that amount to less than 3 per cent of the Group’s total annual
sales.

In summary, I am excited by the growth trajectory of the business and optimistic that the investments we
are making will position Johnson Electric for enduring success.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to sincerely thank our customers, employees, suppliers, shareholders
and bondholders for their continued support.




Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP
Chairman and Chief Executive

Hong Kong, 16 May 2018

                                                     15
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
US$ million                                                                                        FY2017/18 1                  FY2016/17

Sales                                                                                                   3,236.6                     2,776.1

Gross profit                                                                                              791.2                        747.8
Gross margin                                                                                              24.4%                        26.9%
Profit attributable to shareholders                                                                       264.0                        237.9
Diluted earnings per share (US cents)                                                                     29.65                        26.91
EBITDA 2                                                                                                  519.8                        448.4
EBITDA margin                                                                                             16.1%                        16.2%
Free cash flow from operations 3                                                                            88.2                       160.1


US$ million                                                                                      31 Mar 2018                  31 Mar 2017

Cash                                                                                                      168.9                        127.7

Total debt 4                                                                                              492.2                        384.0
Net debt (total debt less cash)                                                                           323.3                        256.3
Total equity                                                                                            2,365.8                     2,025.0
Market capitalisation 5                                                                                 3,236.1                     2,565.6
Enterprise value 6                                                                                      3,626.7                     2,854.7
EBITDA adjusted on a proforma basis 7                                                                     521.8                        450.5


Key Financial Ratios                                                                             31 Mar 2018                  31 Mar 2017

Enterprise value to EBITDA 7                                                                                  7.0                         6.3
                    7
Free cash flow          to total debt                                                                        18%                         42%
                            7
Total debt to EBITDA                                                                                          0.9                         0.9
                                8               7
Total debt and leases               to EBITDA                                                                 1.1                         1.0
Total debt to capital (total equity + total debt)                                                            17%                         16%

1       FY2017/18 includes 12 months’ results of AML Systems (“AML”) and 11 months’ results of Halla Stackpole (“HSC”). FY2016/17
        includes 10½ months’ results of AML Systems
2       Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
3       Net cash generated from operating activities plus net interest received, less capital expenditure (net of proceeds from disposal of fixed
        assets) and capitalisation of engineering development costs
4       Total debt calculated as borrowings plus convertible bonds (debt elements)
5       Outstanding number of shares multiplied by the closing share price (HK$29.45 per share as of 31 March 2018 and HK$23.20 per share
        as of 31 March 2017) converted to USD at the closing exchange rate
6       Enterprise value calculated as market capitalisation plus non-controlling interests plus total debt less cash
7       EBITDA and free cash flow from operations adjusted to include 12 months’ results of HSC (FY2017/18) and AML Systems (FY2016/17)
        on a pro forma basis
8       Lease payments were discounted at 7% for this analysis with a corresponding adjustment of annual lease expense to EBITDA




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                        16
                                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW

Sales
Sales increased US$460.5 million or 17% to US$3,236.6 million in FY2017/18 (FY2016/17:
US$2,776.1 million). Excluding acquisitions and currency movements, sales increased by US$225.3
million or 8% compared to the prior year, as shown below:

US$ million                                                      FY2017/18                      FY2016/17               Change

Automotive Products Group (“APG”) sales
– Excluding acquisitions and currency movements                 2,267.6      72%            2,090.8          75%      176.8              8%
– Acquired businesses                                             161.2       5%                  –           0%      161.2
– Subtotal                                                      2,428.8      77%            2,090.8          75%      338.0              16%
– Currency movements                                               64.9                         n/a                    64.9

APG sales                                                       2,493.7                     2,090.8                   402.9              19%

Industry Products Group (“IPG”) sales
– Excluding currency movements                                   733.8       23%              685.3          25%       48.5              7%
– Currency movements                                               9.1                          n/a                     9.1

IPG sales                                                        742.9                        685.3                    57.6              8%

Group sales
– Excluding acquisitions and currency movements                 3,001.4      95%            2,776.1        100%       225.3              8%
– Acquired businesses                                             161.2       5%                  –          0%       161.2
– Subtotal                                                      3,162.6      100%           2,776.1        100%       386.5              14%
– Currency movements                                               74.0                         n/a                    74.0

Group sales                                                     3,236.6                     2,776.1                   460.5              17%



The drivers underlying these movements in sales are shown in the following chart:

US$ million

                                                                                                          161
                                                   49               74
                              177




                                                                                                                           3,237
                                                                                    3,075
              2,776




       FY2016/17 sales         APG                 IPG            Currency        FY2017/18              Acquired      FY2017/18 sales
                          volume / mix        volume / mix       movements      sales, excluding        businesses
                          and price, net      and price, net                  acquired businesses     (AML and HSC)




Note: Numbers do not add across due to the effect of rounding




                                                                    17
Annual Report 2018



Volume / mix and price increased sales by US$225.3 million. Organic changes in the sales of the
Automotive Products Group and the Industry Products Group are discussed on pages 18 to 20.

Newly acquired businesses increased sales by US$161.2 million. The addition of AML and HSC’s
businesses is further discussed, within the review of Johnson Electric’s automotive business, on pages
18 to 19.

Currency movements had a positive impact on revenues of US$74.0 million due to the stronger Euro,
Chinese Renminbi and Canadian Dollar versus US Dollar in FY2017/18 compared to FY2016/17. The
Group’s sales are largely denominated in the US Dollar, the Euro, the Chinese Renminbi and the
Canadian Dollar. See Note 34.4 to the consolidated financial statements (“accounts”) for the main
foreign currency translation rates.

Automotive Products Group
Through the combined effects of organic                  US$ million                APG sales
business growth and the acquisitions of AML                                 at constant exchange rates
                                                                                      Change of 16%
and Halla Stackpole, APG’s sales increased
by 16%, excluding currency movements.                                                                       2,428.8
                                                                                                             161.2
                                                                            2,090.8
Organic growth: APG’s sales excluding
                                                                                                             754.9
currency effects and acquired businesses                                     655.3           +15%
increased by 8%, compared to FY2016/17,
while light vehicle production globally grew
less than 1%. The market out-performance                                                     +2%             822.0
                                                                             803.8
came from multiple product platforms as the
industry increased its level of electrification
to increase powertrain efficiency and reduce                                                                 690.7
                                                                             631.7           +9%
weight, while improving safety, reliability and
comfort.                                                                  FY2016/17                       FY2017/18
                                                                       Acquired businesses    Asia        Europe      Americas
In Asia, sales increased by 15%, significantly
outpacing the 1% growth in light vehicle
production in the region as APG benefited                             Yearly trend in sales
from new products, the ramp-up of recent            (excluding acquired businesses and currency movements)
platform launches and market share gains,                                               APG sales growth/(decline)
especially in China and Japan. This was             Year ended                        Asia Europe Americas                       Total
reflected in increased sales of the Group’s
products for powertrain cooling, lighting,          31 March 2018                     15%            2%               9%          8%
engine and transmission oil pumps, braking,         31 March 2017                     20%            2%               3%          9%
engine emissions, valvetrain and power              31 March 2016                      4%            5%               4%          5%
liftgate applications, slightly offset by reduced   31 March 2015                     12%            5%              (8%)         4%
sales in the drivetrain and power steering
segments.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                   18
                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In Europe, sales increased by a little over 2%, slightly ahead of the less than 2% growth in light
vehicle production in the region, as APG benefited from recent platform launches and the ramp-up of
customer programs. The highest growth areas were engine and transmission oil pumps, thermal
cooling (including engine coolant valves and brushless powertrain cooling fan modules), heating,
ventilation and air-conditioning, lighting and window lift. This was slightly offset by reduced sales of
products for seat and braking applications.

In the Americas, sales increased 9% despite a 2% drop in light vehicle production in the region, as
sales of products for powertrain cooling, electric parking brake, engine air management, powder metal
components and lighting systems benefited from customer growth and the ramp-up of customer
programs. This was partially offset by a decline in sales of engine and transmission oil pumps in the
region due to a change in product mix as Stackpole introduced new lower-cost, more efficient pumps,
phasing out older, higher-cost models, although revenues are expected to increase in future periods
as volumes grow.

Viewed by major product lines:

•   The Stackpole business, primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of engine and transmission
    oil pumps and powder metal components accounted for 20% (16% excluding the acquisition of
    Halla Stackpole) of the Group’s sales for the FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: 17%). Excluding currency
    movements and acquisitions, Stackpole achieved 4% organic growth.

•   The Powertrain Cooling business, including the “GATE” brand, primarily engaged in the manufacture
    and sale of cooling fan modules for OEM and Tier 1 customers, accounted for 19% of the Group’s
    sales for FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: 19%).

Newly acquired businesses increased APG’s sales by US$161.2 million in FY2017/18, as follows:

•   Underlying sales of AML grew by approximately 4%, excluding currency effects compared to
    FY2016/17 (combining 1½ months’ pre-acquisition sales of US$17.2 million on a pro forma basis
    and 10½ months’ post-acquisition sales), driven by increased market penetration, product
    launches and ramp-ups in Europe, Asia and the Americas.

•   Halla Stackpole’s sales for the 11 months since acquisition were US$144.0 million. Excluding
    currency effects, underlying sales for FY2017/18 (including 1 month’s pre-acquisition sales on a
    pro forma basis) grew by approximately 9% compared to FY2016/17 (pre-acquisition). This was
    driven by product launches and ramp-ups in Asia and the opening of new markets in the Americas.




                                                  19
Annual Report 2018




Industry Products Group
IPG’s sales, excluding currency movements,               US$ million
                                                                                IPG sales
increased 7% for FY2017/18 compared to the                             at constant exchange rates
prior year.                                                                    Change of 7%


                                                                                              733.8
In Asia, sales increased 13%, for a second                             685.3
successive year of growth, driven by increased
share and new program wins at existing                                            +13%
                                                                                              271.0
                                                                       240.7
customers and extending the prior year’s
turnaround from the decline seen in earlier
years. In Europe, sales increased 6% driven by
the ramp-up of programs launched in the prior                          230.4       +6%        245.3

year. In the Americas, sales increased 2% to
reverse the decline of the prior year, driven by
the production launch of new programs.                                 214.2       +2%        217.5


IPG’s “Solutions Business” unit is focused
                                                                 FY2016/17              FY2017/18
on selected global market segments and key
                                                                        Asia    Europe   Americas
accounts; all segments demonstrated year
on year revenue growth. The largest revenue
growth segment was key accounts followed                             Yearly trend in sales
by metering, lawn and garden equipment,                        (excluding currency movements)
heating, power tools and window motorisation.                                IPG sales growth/(decline)
The key account revenue growth was driven         Year ended              Asia Europe Americas         Total
by increased demand and our share of
customers’ business in the printer, floor care,   31 March 2018           13%        6%           2%     7%
point of sale and small domestic appliance        31 March 2017             3%      18%         (3%)     5%
segments. Metering growth was driven by the       31 March 2016          (17%)       8%           0%    (5%)
European rollout of smart meter programs          31 March 2015            (4%)      6%         12%      4%
for gas and electric utilities. The growth in
the lawn segment was driven by demand for
robotic lawn mowers. Heating segment growth was driven by European demand for improved energy
efficiency. Window motorisation is a growing market trend in the USA, driven by a recent voluntary safety
standard.

IPG’s “Products Business” unit is focused on a large number of medium-sized accounts throughout the
world, served through IPG’s own sales teams as well as regional distributers. Global revenue growth
resulted from strong performance in Asia and Europe and steady performance in the American Product
Business unit. This growth was supported by an engineering focus on new products, production
automation and cost reduction for motors, micro-switches, solenoids and flexible printed circuit products.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                   20
                                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Profitability Review
Profit attributable to shareholders was US$264.0 million in FY2017/18, up US$26.1 million from
US$237.9 million in FY2016/17. Excluding the effects of acquisition of AML Systems and Halla
Stackpole and unrealised losses on structured foreign currency contracts, profit for FY2017/18 was
US$270.9 million.

                                                                                                                     Increase /
US$ million                                                        FY2017/18 1             FY2016/17                 (decrease)

Sales                                                                 3,236.6                  2,776.1                    460.5

Gross profit                                                            791.2                    747.8                     43.4
Gross margin %                                                          24.4%                    26.9%

Other income and gains, net                                                 6.2                    19.1                    (12.9)

Intangible assets amortisation expense                                   (40.7)                   (37.1)                    (3.6)
Intangible assets amortisation expense %                                  1.3%                     1.3%

Other selling and administrative expenses (“S&A”)                       (421.5)                 (434.3)                    12.8
Other S&A %                                                              13.0%                   15.6%

Operating profit                                                        335.2                    295.5                     39.7
Operating profit margin %                                               10.4%                    10.6%

Share of profit of associates                                               1.1                     4.8                     (3.7)

Net interest expense                                                     (13.5)                   (10.0)                    (3.5)

Profit before income tax                                                 322.8                   290.3                     32.5
Income tax expense                                                       (48.6)                   (43.8)                    (4.8)
Effective tax rate                                                      15.0%                    15.1%

Profit for the year                                                      274.2                   246.5                     27.7
Non-controlling interests                                                (10.2)                     (8.6)                   (1.6)

Profit attributable to shareholders                                      264.0                   237.9                     26.1

Basic earnings per share (US cents)                                      30.64                   27.71                     2.93
Diluted earnings per share (US cents)                                    29.65                   26.91                     2.74

1   FY2017/18 includes 12 months’ results of AML Systems and 11 months’ results of Halla Stackpole and a valuation gain on a deemed
    disposal due to the acquisition of Halla Stackpole. FY2016/17 includes 10½ months’ results of AML Systems




                                                               21
Annual Report 2018



The drivers underlying these movements in profit are shown in the following chart:

Profit Attributable to Shareholders
US$ million
                                          30             1
                                                                                                                        7
                                                                                                          14
                           2
                                                                                            (28)




                                                                          271                                                         264
          238




      FY2016/17      Volume / mix,     Currency    Other income,       FY2017/18         Structured    Valuation    1½ months      FY2017/18
       Net profit     pricing and     movements,   finance costs        Net profit,      F/X hedge     gain on       results of     Net profit
                    operating costs      net         and taxes     excluding acquired    contracts -   deemed         AML and
                                                                   businesses and fair    mark-to-     disposal    50% increase
                                                                    value movements        market                     in share
                                                                                           liability               of HSC profit




Volume / mix, pricing and operating costs: Profits in FY2017/18 benefited from increased volumes
and cost reduction activities, offset by price reductions, wage inflation, mix changes and new product
start-up costs in North America. The net effect of these changes increased net profit by US$2.4
million.

The gross profit margin decreased to 24.4% for FY2017/18, from 26.9% prior year for the reasons
identified above. When adjusted for the currency hedges for export sales (reported in selling and
administrative expenses), the gross margin would be 24.9% (FY2016/17: 27.8%).

Selling and administrative expense, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 13.0% from 15.6% in the
prior year due to the combined impact of the Group’s cost saving efforts and improved operating
leverage as sales grew while selling and administrative costs shrank.

Currency movements: The Group’s global operations expose it to foreign exchange volatility, partially
mitigated by hedging key currencies such as the Euro and the Chinese Renminbi. Including hedge
contracts, currency movements increased net profit by US$29.8 million in FY2017/18.

Other income, finance costs and taxes: Other income, net interest and taxes increased profits for
FY2017/18 by US$0.8 million.
• Other income increased, largely due to higher levels of government subsidies in the second half of
   FY2017/18 to support business growth. Other income in FY2016/17 included gains on disposal
   of property; there were no such gains on disposals in FY2017/18.
• Net interest expense, excluding interest attributable to acquisitions, increased slightly due to rising
   interest rates. Finance income and costs are analysed in Note 22 to the accounts.
• The effective tax rate decreased slightly to 15.0% for FY2017/18, from 15.1% for the prior year.
   Net deferred tax assets in the US were written down by US$2.5 million following the impact of US
   tax reforms that reduced the statutory rate from 35% to 21%. If the effect of US tax reform on
   deferred tax assets is excluded, the effective tax would have been 14.3%. Taxes are analysed
   further in Note 17 to the accounts.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                          22
                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Structured foreign currency hedge contracts – mark-to-market liability: Unrealised losses on structured
foreign currency contracts decreased net profit for FY2017/18 by US$28.0 million, net of tax
(US$31.9 million pre-tax). The Group entered into these contracts for economic hedging purposes to
mitigate potential future risks from changes in currency exchange rates. The latest structured foreign
currency contract was entered on 11 August 2017.

These contracts were executed in accordance with the following foreign currency policy approvals:

                                                                                             Maturity dates       Policy 1 –   Policy –
Purpose of contract                                Sell                  Buy                  at inception        % of need    F/X rate

                                           Canadian Dollars           US Dollars         1 – 36 months forward      75%        < 1.30
Protect future cash flows from                    Euro                US Dollars         36 – 84 months forward     40%        ≥ 1.30
  exposure to future changes in
  currency rates                                  Euro                US Dollars         36 – 84 months forward     80%        ≥ 1.35
                                               US Dollars         Chinese Renminbi       48 – 72 months forward     60%        ≥ 8.00

Protect net investment in European
  operations from exposure to future              Euro                US Dollars         63 – 87 months forward     80%        ≥ 1.35
  changes in currency rates

1   The policy limits do not include any growth in volume from today’s business levels


These structured contracts achieved rates that were not available at the time using plain vanilla
contracts. However, the contracts have an option that allows the counterparty banks to cancel a
portion of the hedge; therefore, they do not qualify for hedge accounting under HKFRS 9.
Consequently, the unrealised mark-to-market remeasurements recognised in the consolidated income
statement in each accounting period will eventually reverse on settlement at the various option
expiration dates. The final realised gain or loss for each contract will crystallise based on the
prevailing spot rate at the date of maturity versus the contract rate and will impact on cash flow at
that time, accordingly. In terms of estimating future cash flow, the structured contract rates at maturity
compared to spot rates as of 31 March 2018 would give rise to a cash flow benefit of approximately
US$36 million (assuming minimum delivery for EUR and RMB contracts and a mixture of minimum
and maximum delivery for CAD contracts depending on the contract delivery rate). See Note 8(b) to
the accounts for details of these contracts, including the weighted average contract rates.

Acquired businesses (and valuation gain on deemed disposal): AML Systems added US$1.1 million to
the Group’s net profit in the 1½ months to 18 May 2017. Halla Stackpole, acquired on 16 May 2017,
added US$6.0 million to the Group’s net profit in the 11 months since its acquisition. The acquisition
of an equity interest in Halla Stackpole also created a US$14.0 million non-cash valuation gain on the
deemed disposal of the pre-existing 30% holding in Halla Stackpole, net of transaction costs.




                                                                      23
Annual Report 2018




WORKING CAPITAL
                                                Balance sheet                               Working capital                                   Balance sheet
                                                        as of     Currency                    changes per                                             as of
US$ million                                      31 Mar 2017    translation    Acquisitions      cash flow                          All other 31 Mar 2018


Inventories                                            313.1          20.4                     11.6                  55.7                 –          400.8
Trade and other receivables                            614.7          40.0                     47.0                  64.8               4.9          771.4
Other non-current assets                                11.1           1.4                      4.0                   2.1              13.4           32.0
Trade payables, other payables and
  deferred income 1                                   (569.2)        (42.4)                    (23.2)                (48.9)           (26.9)         (710.6)
Retirement benefit obligations 1, 2                    (30.8)          (4.4)                     (8.5)                 (2.7)           13.5            (32.9)
Provisions and other liabilities 1                     (59.6)          (4.3)                     (0.4)                17.2              1.7            (45.4)
Other financial assets / (liabilities), net 1           75.2            1.6                         –                  (9.5)           30.4             97.7


Total working capital per balance sheet                354.5          12.3                     30.5                  78.7              37.0          513.0

1   Current and non-current
2   Net of defined benefit pension plan assets


Inventories increased by US$87.7 million to US$400.8                                                                  Inventories
million as of 31 March 2018 (31 March 2017,                                                    450                                                       60
US$313.1 million) due to higher production volumes                                             400
                                                                                                                                                         50
(including product launches and ramp-ups), the                                                 350                                             51




                                                                                                                                                              Days inventory on hand
                                                                                                            51                 50
acquisition of Halla Stackpole and higher stocks of                                            300                                                       40


                                                                                 US$ million
certain electronic components with long lead times.                                            250
                                                                                                                                                         30
                                                                                               200
Days inventory on hand, increased slightly to 51 days                                          150                                                       20
as of 31 March 2018 from 50 days as of 31 March
                                                                                               100
2017.                                                                                                                                                    10
                                                                                                50

                                                                                                 0                                                       0
                                                                                                         31-Mar-16      31-Mar-17        31-Mar-18
                                                                                                          Inventories           Days inventory on hand




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                    24
                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Trade and other receivables increased by US$156.7                                  Trade and other receivables
                                                                              (DSOs calculated on trade receivables only)
million to US$771.4 million as of 31 March 2018 (31
                                                                        800                                                   70
March 2017, US$614.7 million) as higher sales
                                                                        700
volumes, the acquisition of Halla Stackpole increased                                63             62
                                                                                                                   65         60




                                                                                                                                      Days sales outstanding
trade receivables and VAT recoverable increased driven                  600
                                                                                                                              50
by higher volumes of purchases.                                         500


                                                          US$ million
                                                                                                                              40
                                                                        400
Days sales outstanding (“DSOs”) increased to 65 days                                                                          30
                                                                        300
as of 31 March 2018 from 62 days as of 31 March                                                                               20
                                                                        200
2017 due to an increase in the proportion of sales to
                                                                        100                                                   10
customers with longer credit terms and the acquisition
of Halla Stackpole. The Group’s receivables are of high                   0                                                   0
                                                                                 31-Mar-16      31-Mar-17      31-Mar-18
quality. Current receivables and overdue balances of
                                                                         Trade and other receivables         Days sales outstanding
less than 30 days remained at about 98% of gross
trade receivables.

Trade payables, other payables and deferred income                               Trade payables, other payables
increased by US$141.4 million to US$710.6 million                                     and deferred income
                                                                               (DPOs calculated on trade payables only)
as of 31 March 2018 (31 March 2017, US$569.2                            800                                                    100
million) due to higher business volumes and the                                                                                90
                                                                        700
acquisition of Halla Stackpole, partly offset by the




                                                                                                                                                    Days purchases outstanding
                                                                                     87                                        80
                                                                        600                         83              81
insourcing of some parts production.                                                                                           70
                                                                        500


                                                          US$ million
                                                                                                                               60
Days purchases outstanding (“DPOs”) decreased to                        400                                                    50
81 days as of 31 March 2018 from 83 days as of 31                       300
                                                                                                                               40

March 2017 due to the seasonal effect on purchases                      200
                                                                                                                               30

of materials around the public holidays in China                                                                               20
                                                                        100                                                    10
(celebrated in January 2017 and February 2018) and
                                                                          0                                                    0
the insourcing of some parts production.                                         31-Mar-16      31-Mar-17       31-Mar-18
                                                                               Trade payables, other payables and deferred income
Retirement benefit obligations: The acquisition of Halla       Days purchases outstanding

Stackpole, offset by gains made by the underlying
pension scheme assets, increased retirement benefit obligations by US$2.1 million, net, to US$32.9
million as of 31 March 2018 (31 March 2017, US$30.8 million). The Group will make contributions of
US$3.3 million to defined benefit retirement plans for FY2018/19 (FY2017/18: paid contributions of
US$4.1 million to defined benefit retirement plans). For further details of retirement benefit
obligations, see Note 15 to the accounts.

Provisions and other liabilities decreased by US$14.2 million to US$45.4 million as of 31 March 2018
(31 March 2017, US$59.6 million), largely due to the utilisation of warranty provisions. Provisions and
other liabilities as of 31 March 2017 were revised to include a US$14.0 million adjustments to legal
and warranty provisions related to AML during the remeasurement period (12 months from the date of
acquisition). For further details of provision and other liabilities, see Note 16 to the accounts.




                                                  25
Annual Report 2018



Other financial assets / (liabilities), net: The Group holds commodity and foreign currency contracts for
hedge purposes to mitigate potential future risks from changes in commodity prices and currency
exchange rates. Changes in the fair value of hedge contracts increased other financial assets /
(liabilities), net, by US$22.5 million to a net financial asset of US$97.7 million as of 31 March 2018
(31 March 2017, US$75.2 million).

•   The fair value of commodity              Spot rates / prices of significant items are shown in the table
    contracts increased by US$21.6           below:
    million largely driven by a rise in                          Spot rates  Spot rates
    mark-to-market rates for copper.                                  as of       as of        Strengthen
                                                               31 Mar 2018 31 Mar 2017          /(weaken)
•   Fair value gains on foreign currency     USD per EUR                1.23           1.07          (13%)
    forward contracts and cross-             CHF per EUR                1.18           1.07            (9%)
    currency interest rate swaps
                                             RMB per USD                6.28           6.89           10%
    increased in value by US$0.9
                                             CAD per USD                1.29           1.33            3%
    million, largely due to favourable
                                             HUF per EUR             312.39          308.48            (1%)
    changes in the mark-to-market
                                             MXN per USD               18.27          18.71            2%
    value of Chinese Renminbi and
    Mexican Peso hedge contracts,            USD per metric
    offset by adverse changes in the          ton of copper            6,685          5,849           14%
    mark-to-market value of Euro and         USD per ounce
                                              of silver                16.28          18.06          (10%)
    Swiss Franc hedge contracts.

Further details of the Group’s hedging activities can be found in the Financial Management and
Treasure Policy Section on pages 31 to 32 and in Note 7 to the accounts.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  26
                                                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




CASH FLOW
US$ million                                                          FY2017/18 1         FY2016/17             Change

Operating profit 2                                                         336.2               296.9              39.3
Depreciation and amortisation                                              183.6               151.5              32.1


EBITDA                                                                     519.8               448.4              71.4
Other non-cash items                                                         35.5                12.0             23.5
Working capital changes                                                     (78.7)              (15.4)           (63.3)
Interest paid                                                                 (8.2)               (5.9)            (2.3)
Income taxes paid                                                           (67.6)              (39.2)           (28.4)
Capital expenditure, net of subsidies                                     (305.8)             (240.2)            (65.6)
Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                         0.7                 6.0             (5.3)
Capitalisation of engineering development costs                              (8.7)               (6.7)            (2.0)
Interest received                                                              1.2                 1.1              0.1

Free cash flow from operations                                              88.2               160.1              (71.9)

Acquisitions and related costs                                            (104.8)               (94.6)            (10.2)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                        –               (19.3)             19.3
Dividends paid                                                             (56.5)               (55.4)             (1.1)
Other investing activities                                                    0.1                  0.2             (0.1)
Other financing activities                                                   (1.7)                (7.9)             6.2
Borrowing proceeds / (repayments)                                          101.6                (42.3)           143.9

Increase / (decrease) in cash (excluding currency
   movements)                                                               26.9                (59.2)            86.1

Currency translation gains / (losses) on cash and
  cash equivalents                                                          14.3                 (6.4)            20.7

Net movement in cash                                                        41.2                (65.6)           106.8

1   FY2017/18 includes 12 months’ results of AML Systems and 11 months’ results of Halla Stackpole. FY2016/17 includes 10½
    months’ results of AML Systems
2   Operating profit plus US$1.0 million dividend received from associate in FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: US$1.3 million)




                                                           27
Annual Report 2018



The Group generated US$88.2 million free cash flow from operations in FY2017/18; a decrease of
US$71.9 million from US$160.1 million in FY2016/17. This movement in operating cash flows
includes the followings:

•   Working capital changes of US$78.7 million, to support increased business volumes, as explained
    in the previous section.

•   Income taxes paid increased US$28.4 million due to higher pre-tax profits year-on-year and the
    settlement of certain tax audits for prior years in Europe.

•   Capital expenditure of US$305.8 million in                                Capital expenditure and depreciation
    FY2017/18. The Group continues to invest in                         325                                               305.8
                                                                        300
    new product launches; long-term technology /
                                                                        275
    testing development; enhanced automation to                         250                            240.2
    standardise operating processes, further improve                    225



                                                          US$ million
    product quality and reliability and mitigate rising                 200       186.2
                                                                        175
    labour costs in China; and on-going replacement                     150
    of assets.                                                          125                                               143.0
                                                                        100
                                                                                                       114.5
                                                                         75
•   Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets of US$0.7                               86.3
                                                                         50
    million in FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: US$6.0                              25
    million, largely from the disposal of property).                      0
                                                                                FY2015/16          FY2016/17            FY2017/18

The net movement in cash includes the following:          Capital expenditure
                                                          to depreciation           2.2                 2.1                   2.1

                                                                                 Capital expenditure           Depreciation
•   Acquisitions and related costs: In May 2017, the
    Group acquired a controlling interest in Halla
    Stackpole for cash outlay of US$76.9 million plus transaction costs of US$0.8 million. This
    acquisition increased the Group’s equity interest in Halla Stackpole from 30% to 80%. Halla
    Stackpole manufactures powder metal components, largely for the Korean automotive market.
    Additionally in FY2017/18, in relation to the earlier acquisition of Stackpole, the Group paid
    US$27.1 million for Stackpole’s Ancaster facilities.

    In FY2016/17, the Group acquired AML systems for US$64.7 million and paid US$29.9 million for
    Stackpole’s Mississauga and Stratford facilities and related items.

•   Acquisition of non-controlling interests: In FY2016/17, the Group increased its interest in the
    Ri-Yong group of companies from 60% to 70% for consideration of US$19.3 million in cash. There
    were no such transactions in FY2017/18.

•   Dividends are discussed in the Financial Management and Treasury Policy Section on the following
    pages.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  28
                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND TREASURY POLICY
Financial risk faced by the Group is managed by the Group’s Treasury department, from the corporate
headquarters in Hong Kong. Policies are established by senior management and approved by the
Board of Directors.

Credit Rating
Johnson Electric subscribes to both Moody’s Investors Service and Standard and Poor’s (S&P) Ratings
Services for independent long-term credit ratings. As of 31 March 2018, the Group maintained
investment grade ratings from both agencies. These ratings represent the Group’s solid market
position, stable profitability and prudent financial leverage.

                                                           Rating         Outlook           Grade

Moody’s Investors Service                                   Baa1           Stable      Investment
Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services                           BBB           Stable      Investment


Liquidity
Management believes the combination of cash on hand, available credit lines, access to the capital
markets and expected future operating cash flows is sufficient to satisfy the Group’s cash needs for
the current and planned level of operations for the foreseeable future.

Net Debt and Credit lines

US$ million                                          31 Mar 2018     31 Mar 2017          Change

Cash                                                        168.9           127.7            41.2
Borrowings                                                 (279.2)         (176.4)         (102.8)
Convertible bonds                                          (213.0)         (207.6)            (5.4)

Net debt                                                   (323.3)         (256.3)          (67.0)

Available unutilised credit lines                          905.6            758.9           146.7



Cash increased by US$41.2 million to         US$ million              31 Mar 2018     31 Mar 2017
US$168.9 million as of 31 March 2018
                                             RMB                              50.9            40.4
as explained on pages 27 to 28.              EUR                              48.8            35.3
                                             USD                              33.1            28.7
                                             KRW                              12.6               –
                                             CAD                               0.4             9.4
                                             Others                           23.1            13.9

                                             Total                           168.9           127.7




                                                29
Annual Report 2018



Borrowings increased by US$102.8 million        Borrowings and Convertible Bonds
to US$279.2 million as of 31 March 2018                                                               Total
(31 March 2017, US$176.4 million) due                                Total         Swap        after effect
to the acquisition of a controlling interest    US$ million          debt      contracts         of swaps       %
in Halla Stackpole and the high rate of         USD                413.5          (125.0)           288.5     57%
organic    business     growth.      Further    HKD                 19.9            (19.9)              –      0%
information on borrowings can be found in       EUR                  0.2           160.8            161.0     32%
Note 13 to the accounts.                        CAD                 58.6                –            58.6     11%
                                                Total              492.2            15.9            508.1     100%
Convertible bonds: In April 2014, the
Company issued convertible bonds with           Balance Sheet presentation:
an aggregate principal amount of US$200         Borrowings – current                                126.1
million with a cash coupon rate of 1% per       Borrowings – noncurrent                             153.1
annum, maturing in April 2021, with an          Convertible bonds                                   213.0
April 2019 put option for the bondholders.      Gross debt                                          492.2
The bonds have an effective annual yield        Swap contracts (Other financial liabilities)         15.9
of 3.57%. As of 31 March 2018, the
                                                Total debt including swap contracts                 508.1
carrying value of these bonds was
US$213.0 million. Further information on
the convertible bonds can be found in
Note 14 to the accounts.

Gearing:

•   The Group’s total debt to capital ratio was 17% as of 31 March 2018, up from 16% as of 31
    March 2017, due to the acquisition of Halla Stackpole.

•   Total debt to EBITDA ratio remained flat at 0.9 (31 March 2018 adjusted to include 12 months of
    Halla Stackpole. 31 March 2017 adjusted to include 12 months of AML Systems).

•   Interest coverage (defined as EBITDA adjusted as above, divided by gross interest expense) was
    35 times for FY2017/18, compared to 40 times for FY2016/17.

•   Free cash flow from operations as a percentage of gross debt decreased to 18% for FY2017/18
    from 42% for FY2016/17. This was due to the combined effects of an increase in borrowings and
    a decrease in free cash flow, explained earlier.

Available credit lines – The Group had US$906 million available unutilised credit lines as of 31 March
2018, as follows:

•   Of US$255 million committed revolving credit facilities provided by certain of its principal bankers,
    US$238 million remained unutilised. These facilities have expiry dates ranging from September
    2018 to February 2020;

•   US$506 million of uncommitted and unutilised revolving credit facilities, provided by its principal
    bankers; and

•   US$162 million of uncommitted and unutilised trade receivable financing lines.



Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  30
                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Dividends
The Board has recommended a final dividend of 34 HK cents per share for FY2017/18 (FY2016/17:
34 HK cents per share) equivalent to US$37.4 million, to be paid in August 2018. The Company paid
an interim dividend of 17 HK cents per share for FY2017/18, an increase of 6% over the prior year
amount (FY2016/17: 16 HK cents per share) equivalent to US$18.8 million.

Foreign Exchange and Raw Material Commodity Price Risk
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk and hedges part of this risk through forward contracts.
These forward contracts have varying maturities, ranging from 1 to 84 months as of 31 March 2018,
to match the underlying cash flows of the business and included:

•   Forward sales of the Euro (“EUR”) and the              Sales by currency: The Group’s sales are
    Japanese Yen (“JPY”) to hedge export sales             primarily denominated in the currencies shown
    denominated in these currencies;                       in the table below:

•   Forward sales of the Canadian Dollar (“CAD”)                            FY2017/18       FY2016/17
    to hedge materials purchased in USD for its            USD                     37%            37%
    operations in Canada; and                              EUR                     29%            30%
                                                           RMB                     21%            19%
•   Forward purchases of the Chinese Renminbi              CAD                      9%            11%
    (“RMB”), the Hungarian Forint (“HUF”), the
                                                           KRW                      2%              0%
    Swiss Franc (“CHF”), the Mexican Peso
                                                           Others                   2%              3%
    (“MXN”), the Polish Zloty (“PLN”), the Israeli
    Shekel (“ILS”) and the Serbian Dinar (“RSD”)
    to hedge production conversion costs and
    other operating costs denominated in these
    currencies.

The Group also hedges its net investment in its European operations to protect itself from exposure
to future changes in currency exchange rates.




                                                     31
Annual Report 2018



The Group is exposed to commodity price risk, mainly from fluctuations in steel, copper, silver and
aluminium prices.

•     Price risk due to steel is reduced through fixed price contracts for steel up to 3 months forward
      with the Group’s suppliers and through cash flow hedge contracts for iron ore and coking coal with
      varying maturities ranging from 10 to 36 months.
•     Price risk due to copper, silver and aluminium is reduced by hedging through appropriate financial
      instruments with varying maturities ranging from 1 to 51 months as of 31 March 2018. The Group
      also manages these commodity prices by way of incorporating appropriate clauses in certain
      customer contracts to pass increases / decreases in raw material costs onto these customers.

To avoid the potential default by any of its counterparties on its forward contracts, the Group deals
only with major financial institutions (e.g. the Group’s principal bankers) with strong investment grade
credit ratings that the Group believes will satisfy their obligations under the contracts.

Further information about forward foreign currency exchange contracts and raw material commodity
contracts can be found in Note 7 to the accounts.


ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group identifies, mitigates and manages its exposure to risk and uncertainty through proactive
oversight and robust business processes. Management monitors these business processes, testing
them periodically to ensure their continued effectiveness.

Existing and emerging risks are analysed and tracked on a quarterly basis by the Group’s Enterprise
Risk Management Steering Committee. This is led by the Group’s Chief Executive and comprises the
Chief Financial Officer, the Senior Vice Presidents of Human Resources, Supply Chain Services, Global
Manufacturing and Corporate Engineering and key senior leaders from the Legal and Intellectual
Property, Internal Audit and Environment, Health and Safety departments.

The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group can be categorised as follows:

                                                    Principal risks and uncertainties 1


         Strategic risks                    Commercial risks                      Operational risks                     Financial risks
    Macroeconomic changes                   Pricing and volume                 Contract performance                      Liquidity and
                                                                                                                        capital access
    Market competition and                   Warranty sharing                   Intellectual property
      market disruption                                                                                               Foreign exchange
                                              Non-payment                           Supply chain
    Disruptive digitalisation                 by customers                                                              Interest rates
                                                                                   Warranty and
           Reputation                                                             product liability                  Commodity prices
    Mergers and acquisitions                                                     Human resources
                                                                                   IT vulnerability
                                                                                Environment, health
                                                                                    and safety



1     This list is not exclusive and comprehensive as the nature, severity and frequency of risks changes over time due to the complexity of the
      Group’s business environment and global operations. The Group may be exposed to new emerging risks or to other existing risks that are not
      significant at the moment but that may become significant in the future.



Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                     32
                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The nature of these risks and the Group’s policies for managing its exposure to them is set out below:

Nature of risk                                                         How we respond

Strategic risks

Macroeconomic changes – The Group’s business is sensitive              •   Ensuring that the operational footprint can respond
to the global economic and socio-political environment.                    quickly and cost effectively to changes in the market and
Further, the financial performance of the Group’s Automotive               capacity utilisation.
and Industry Product Groups depends on conditions in the               •   Seeking organic and acquisition related growth, across
industries in which they operate. Production and sales in                  all regions, to mitigate the potential impact of an
these industries are cyclical and sensitive to the general                 economic downturn in any particular region.
economic conditions and other factors including interest
                                                                       •   Diversifying customer and product portfolios through
rates, consumer credit and consumer preferences.
                                                                           internal development and acquisition to mitigate the
                                                                           adverse impact of economic downturn or market changes
                                                                           in a particular industry.

Market competition and market disruption – The Group must              •   Developing cost-effective solutions and managing
compete on both price and product technology as large,                     technological competitiveness though innovation and
multinational and smaller, regional or niche competitors                   intellectual property in order to be the definitive supplier
attempt to increase market share. In addition, some of the                 of motion solutions to its customers.
Group’s market segments face the risk of rapid disruption              •   Diversifying customer and product portfolios through
from new technologies, new business models and regulatory                  internal development and acquisition to mitigate the
changes.                                                                   adverse impact or exploit the favourable impact of
                                                                           technology, business model or regulatory changes in a
                                                                           particular industry.

Disruptive digitalisation – The current trend of increasing            •   Strategic planning and risk assessment, aligned to a
automation, artificial intelligence and data exchange in                   technology roadmap that considers the converging
manufacturing technologies to create the smart factory will                capabilities of robotic process automation and
give rise to challenges in implementation including controlling            cyber-physical systems, advanced analytics and artificial
investment, resolving IT security and reliability issues,                  intelligence and growth in the internet of things.
maintaining the integrity of production and managing                   •   Closely monitored and controlled capital expenditure to
disruption to the workforce as required skill-sets change and              create the smart factory, with appropriate safeguards to
as some positions are eliminated through automation.                       mitigate the related operational, financial, regulatory,
                                                                           organisational and technological risks.

Reputation – The Group may lose potential business if its              •   Continuously improving engineering, manufacturing
character or quality is called into question.                              processes and quality standards to maintain the Group’s
                                                                           position as the “safe choice” for customers.
                                                                       •   Ensuring that a strong tone at the top is reflected in
                                                                           business practices. High integrity, sound ethics and good
                                                                           business practices are expected to be followed by
                                                                           employees at all levels of Johnson Electric’s global
                                                                           organisation, with zero tolerance for non-compliance.

Mergers and acquisitions – Should suitable opportunities               •   Prior to acquiring new business, the Group carries out a
occur, the Group makes acquisitions (such as HSC and AML)                  comprehensive appraisal to establish its commercial
that can complement its strategy, broaden its technology                   potential and fit with the Group’s strategy and product
offering and accelerate growth. The Group faces risks in                   portfolio, to evaluate the assets and liabilities that will
integrating such newly acquired businesses, including the                  be acquired and to identify potential issues.
integration of business models, product portfolios,                    •   The Group stipulates procedures and post-acquisition
operations, systems, employees and business cultures.                      support to ensure that integration is smooth. The HSC
Depending on the size and complexity of such acquired                      and AML acquisitions are further discussed in Note 28
businesses, the Group may not be able to take advantage of                 to the financial statements.
synergies quickly.




                                                                  33
Annual Report 2018




Nature of risk                                                         How we respond

Commercial risks

Pricing and volumes – In the markets where the Group sells             •   Continuously seeking       productivity   and    efficiency
its products, there is intense competitive pressure to reduce              improvements.
prices as both large, multinational and smaller, niche
                                                                       •   Ensuring the suitability of the operational footprint to
competitors attempt to expand their market share.
                                                                           respond quickly and cost effectively to changes in the
Additionally, volumes may fluctuate as the Group’s customers
                                                                           market and in capacity utilisation.
are also subject to competitive pressures.
                                                                       •   Formal, disciplined review and approval of quotations.


Warranty sharing – The Group’s customers operate in                    •   Managing customer relationships, including contract
competitive markets and may vary warranty periods offered                  terms and conditions, in accordance with industry
to end-customers to increase the attractiveness of their                   standards.
product. Consequently, the Group may be exposed to the risk
                                                                       •   Considering potential warranty risks at the design stage
of increased costs of warranty sharing.
                                                                           in product development.


Non-payment by customers 1 – Possible non-payment due to               •   Actively managing customer credit risk and maintaining a
customer-related problems such as insolvency or bankruptcy.                low tolerance for delinquent payments.



Operational risks

Contract performance – Potential losses arising from failure           •   Managing customer relationships, including contract
in contract performance or onerous contract terms.                         terms and conditions, in accordance with industry
                                                                           standards.


Intellectual property – The Group’s business is dependent on           •   Protecting the Group’s proprietary position by
its ability to enforce its patents against infringement and to             safeguarding trade secrets and know-how and by filing
protect its trade secrets, know-how and other intellectual                 patent applications for technologies and process
property. Potential risks relating to this include the                     improvements that are important to the development of
substantial cost of protecting its intellectual property rights            the Group’s business.
and the legal cost of defending claims of infringement.
                                                                       •   Enforcement action against infringement by competitors.

                                                                       •   Patent searches to avoid infringing others’ intellectual
                                                                           property.


Supply chain – If the Group experienced a prolonged                    •   Ensuring supply chain resilience, including supplier
shortage of critical components, without being able to                     continuity, quality and reliability.
procure replacement for such items, it would be unable to
                                                                       •   Continuously seeking opportunities to insource the
meet its production schedules and could miss customer
                                                                           supply chain to assure supply.
delivery deadlines and expectations.


1   The performance of the Group’s credit risk management is discussed in the Working Capital Section on page 25 and in Note 10 to the
    financial statements.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                 34
                                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Nature of risk                                                            How we respond

Operational risks

Warranty and product liability – The Group manufactures                   •   Continuously improving engineering and manufacturing
complex products through its Automotive and Industry                          processes and quality standards to reduce the likelihood
Product Groups and is exposed to potential warranty and                       of quality issues.
product liability claims arising from alleged or actual defects
                                                                          •   Product safety reviews, to ensure that products fail safe
in products. Risks arising from this include customer
                                                                              and meet the highest market standards.
dissatisfaction and potential liabilities for the cost of
replacing faulty products, product recalls and lawsuits.                  •   Continuously seeking opportunities to insource the
                                                                              supply chain to ensure that components meet the
                                                                              Group’s rigorous quality requirements.


Human resources 1 – The Group’s business success depends                  •   Attracting and retaining high-calibre management and
on attracting and retaining qualified personnel and on                        other key personnel.
maintaining an established workforce.
                                                                          •   Building effective networks of employees and partners
                                                                              including maintaining good labour relationships.

                                                                          •   Minimising the impact of unexpected staff turnover
                                                                              through succession planning and standardisation of work
                                                                              procedures.


IT vulnerability – Potential breach of IT security (by external           •   IT security protocols enabled through software and
or internal elements) causing critical data to be lost,                       business processes include data backup, virus and
corrupted, made inaccessible, or accessed by unauthorised                     malware protection, firewalls, identity management and
users compromising proprietary information.                                   building employee awareness.

                                                                          •   Monitoring of threat levels and identification of emerging
                                                                              security issues.


Environment, health and safety (“EHS”) 2 – EHS laws and                   •   Meeting or exceeding requirements on environmental
regulations may result in increasing costs of compliance or                   responsibility, employee safety and energy efficiency.
potential fines and penalties in the event of non-compliance.

Incidents causing lost hours by injuries and damage to the
Group’s facilities may give rise to compensation claims and
lawsuits, loss of reputation and adverse impact on the
environment and on the communities in which the Group
operates.


Financial risks 3

Liquidity and capital access, Foreign exchange, Interest rates            •   Maintaining investment grade credit ratings.
and Commodity price risks.
                                                                          •   Ensuring that the combination of cash on hand, available
                                                                              credit lines and expected future operating cash flows is
                                                                              sufficient to satisfy current and planned cash needs.

                                                                          •   Applying appropriate strategies to manage foreign
                                                                              exchange risk, commodity price risk and interest rate
                                                                              risk.


1   The Group’s policies on investing in people are further discussed on pages 37 to 41.
2   The Group’s EHS management is further discussed on pages 41 to 43.
3   A detailed discussion of the nature of financial risks and the Group’s financial management and treasury policies for managing its exposure
    to these risks are set out on pages 29 to 32.



                                                                     35
Annual Report 2018




SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY
Johnson Electric is dedicated to socially responsible interactions with its stakeholders including
shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, business partners and local communities worldwide.
The Group’s commitment to sustainability includes policies and practices on a variety of issues such
as human rights, non-discrimination, responsible consumption and production as well as environmental
management.

Relationships with customers and suppliers
Customers: Johnson Electric believes that making customers successful is vital to delivering
sustainable business growth and profitability. This is a key part of the Group’s core values, internally
referred to as “MARBLE” 1.

The Group creates solutions that bring benefits to the end-user of a product and that meet the
business needs of its direct customers. An intensive two-way dialogue between the Group’s sales and
engineering and its customers allows it to listen to customers’ needs while sharing knowledge of the
Group’s products and capabilities. A disciplined development path with rigorous reviews and testing
from concept to start of production ensures that the Group’s products meet safety, quality and
performance requirements at a competitive cost.

The Group ensures manufacturing excellence, with consistent quality and performance achieved
across its facilities worldwide. The Group’s global manufacturing footprint and logistics know-how,
together with a high degree of vertical integration of components, tooling, semi-automated and
automated production lines provides its customers with a safe-choice solution.

Suppliers: The Group’s engagement with suppliers is driven by its focus on “Innovation” and “Safe
Choice”. These core values are incorporated in the Group’s supplier selection process, performance
monitoring and throughout the business engagement with suppliers. Robust supplier qualification
procedures before ordering regular supplies from any supplier ensure that the Group has the right
supplier to source the right item. These procedures include due consideration of cost, quality,
environmental awareness, ethical behaviour and social responsibility.

Suppliers are contractually required to be certified with international accreditations such as ISO9001,
ISO14001, ISO/TS16949 and ISO13485 and are encouraged to be in compliance with various
environmental and conflict minerals requirements. To ensure that suppliers are committed to ethical
practices in dealings with the Group, every supplier is required to comply with and sign up to Johnson
Electric’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct policies, which prohibit offering of gifts, certificates,
loans, hospitality, service or favour in an improper manner. Suppliers are also required to comply with
the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and the Criminal Law of the PRC.

The Group’s purchase terms and conditions require suppliers to adhere to directives set by the
International Labour Organisation’s “ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles on Business and
Human Rights at Work” and the United Nations’ “UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human



1   “MARBLE” stands for Make customers successful; Attract and develop great people; Reach higher; Believe in practical solutions; Lead by
    example; and Excel in execution. Please see page 39 for further information.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                 36
                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Rights”, which adhere to the principles of the freedom of association, right of collective bargaining,
abolition of child labour and the elimination of forced or compulsory labour or discrimination at work.
Compliance with these laws and directives is periodically monitored through self-declarations and
on-site audits. Furthermore, the Group’s Supplier Performance Rating System enables it to
continuously gauge and calibrate suppliers’ ability to meet the above requirements.

Investing in people
Johnson Electric endeavours to cultivate an environment where employees can benefit from three key
value propositions.




ONE JOHNSON                          WE MAKE                               RIGHT PEOPLE,
AROUND THE WORLD                     THINGS HAPPEN                         RIGHT JOBS
We are a truly global team           We thrive on innovation and           We are highly selective. We
bound together by our shared         excel in execution. We are            believe that hiring the right
values. We recognise that the        committed to making our               people and putting them in the
talent and diversity of our          customers successful and our          right jobs maximises the
people drive business results.       world a better place.                 success of our people and the
                                                                           business.


These value propositions are supported by a three-pronged people strategy to attract and develop the
Right People, put them in the Right Jobs and provide them with the Right Environment to excel at what
they do. Together, they contribute to fulfilling Johnson Electric’s people vision to become “One Johnson
around the world, a great company and a great place to work!”

As of 31 March 2018, the Group’s total global                             Workforce by Region
headcount stood at over 40,000 across Asia, Europe
and the Americas.
                                                                                    11%


                                                                          15%




                                                                                               74%




                                                                             Asia    Europe   Americas




                                                  37
Annual Report 2018




Human Resources Policy

Johnson Electric is committed to respecting the labour and human rights of all its employees. Global
policies relating to these aspects are in place and diligently adhered to. They include:

•   Equal employment opportunity: Johnson Electric is committed to treating all applicants and
    employees in a fair and non-discriminatory manner without regard to age, disability, marital status,
    race or colour, national origin, veteran status, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other legal
    protected status.

•   Open communication: Johnson Electric is committed to maintaining open two-way communication
    throughout the Group, keeping employees informed of current happenings and fostering an
    environment where employees are comfortable voicing their opinions, ideas, suggestions and
    concerns.

•   Harassment free workplace: Johnson Electric is committed to providing a workplace in which the
    dignity of every individual is respected.

•   Workplace violence and weapons: Johnson Electric’s objective is to provide a safe work environment
    that is free from violent acts and threats of violence.

•   Code of ethics and business conduct: This guides every employee in the use of good judgment and
    ethical decision-making, ensuring employees uphold Johnson Electric’s belief in conducting our
    business lawfully and ethically. Globally, every manager is required to declare annually that they
    have read and conformed to the requirements of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. For
    more details of the whistleblower policy, please refer to page 52 for further information.

Every year, the Group’s regional and country Human Resources teams acknowledge and certify their
full compliance to the Human Resources policies and to relevant labour laws and regulations.
Additionally, the Group’s subsidiaries around the world set their labour standards in line with local
governmental requirements, so that the employment conditions fully comply with the relevant labour
laws and regulations.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  38
                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




MARBLE Values and Imperatives

Johnson Electric prides itself on a set of shared core values and commitments that together form the
foundation to everything the Group does. The first initial of each of these values spell the word
“MARBLE” – the acronym that Johnson Electric employees use internally when referring to these
values.

•   Make customers successful: Providing “Safe Choice” solutions and delivering what our customers
    need, when they need it, is the primary goal of Johnson Electric. We are committed to making our
    customers successful in their business, as the basis for long-term success in our business.

•   Attract and develop great people: Johnson Electric aims to offer its people a superior career
    development experience that rewards results, enterprise, coaching and teamwork. We recognise
    that our business thrives on the diversity of our people and their ideas.

•   Reach higher: Johnson Electric people set stretch goals for themselves to drive business growth
    and personal career fulfilment. We know from experience that bold thinking and bold action will
    bring about extraordinary results. We make Johnson Electric a great company and a great place to
    work.

•   Believe in practical solutions: Johnson Electric is driven by shop-floor practicality and a positive
    “can do” mindset. We seek to turn innovative ideas into cash flow by working quickly as a team
    and refusing to be stalled by complexity.

•   Lead by example: Johnson Electric believes that good corporate citizenship requires
    uncompromising standards of integrity, openness and fairness. We are committed to demonstrating
    leadership wherever we do business through the promotion of a safe and healthy environment for
    our people and the local community.

•   Excel in execution: Johnson Electric’s customers expect the highest standards of quality and
    performance. We work not only to meet those expectations but also to exceed them through
    continuous cycles of learning. We have fun at work and celebrate success.

A group-wide “Living MARBLE” program recognises employees who exemplify the MARBLE values.
Since its inception in 2014, the program has made awards to over 800 employees whose role-model
behaviour illustrates the MARBLE values in action, including 250 awards made during FY2017/18.




                                                  39
Annual Report 2018




Talent Management

Johnson Electric is highly selective in its hiring decisions, to recruit great people who will excel in its
culture and make things happen. Johnson Electric thrives on innovation and never stops investing in
the next generation of engineers, to bring new ideas and insights. It is also Johnson Electric’s
ambition to become the employer of choice for engineers.

The Group’s talent management is overseen by a Corporate Human Capital Committee (“HCC”)
comprising the most senior executives in the Group. The HCC is committed to building succession
plans for mission critical roles, increasing talent pipeline and assessing organisational effectiveness.

The HCC has established a people calibration process; a formal system to evaluate, define and
assess each employee’s capability. This forms the backbone of a sustainable leadership pipeline.
Succession planning reviews are conducted twice a year. Each session pursues employee
development, strong succession management and employee capability to underpin the Group’s overall
strategy. This regular review accelerates the readiness of high potential employees and ensures that
emerging requirements are considered when the business model changes.

To enhance and broaden career opportunities for Johnson Electric people, the Group fosters a culture
of “promoting from within”. An internal talent management program, “My Career In Motion”, was
launched in March 2018 to empower employees to take greater accountability for their career growth
and development by working in partnership with their managers and human resources. At the heart of
this program is a self-nomination process that encourages employees to apply for open positions for
which they are qualified.

The Group also places great local accountability in building talent for the future. Part of local
management’s role is to uncover and develop talent, guide and shape meaningful career experience,
and ensure Johnson Electric’s success through its employees everywhere.

Compensation and Rewards

The Group maintains a global compensation structure to ensure competitive pay levels and benefit
offerings in each market in which it operates. Annual incentive pay is tied to the achievement of
revenue, profitability and liquidity goals and is an important component of compensation for more
than 80% of staff-level employees, including all management staff.

Additionally, the Group’s long-term incentive share scheme forms a critical part of the competitive
compensation package for senior executives, encouraging retention while aligning rewards to
shareholder value. The scheme includes not only time-vested restricted stock units, but also a high
proportion of performance stock units which vest only if stringent financial conditions are achieved.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                   40
                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Growth and development

The Johnson Electric Learning Institute, established in 2016, provides a global direction for all
employee learning and development activities in the Group. A Steering Committee comprising
representatives from all regions meets once a month to guide and shape policies and practices. This
is supported by a strong network of learning and development teams in each location to deliver local
learning programs in response to business priorities and organisation talent needs.

Johnson Electric’s 70/20/10 learning and development model unlocks people’s full potential through
formal and informal learning. Under this self-directed, self-paced approach, 70% of employees’
learning is acquired through real-life and on-the-job experiences; 20% is acquired through interactions
with others including feedback, social learning, coaching, mentoring and collaborative learning; and
10% is acquired from attending formal training. Our wide variety of development channels includes
stretch assignments and international secondments that provide employees with opportunities to gain
global exposure and broaden their horizons. The Group also offers just-in-time classroom and
eLearning programs to grow employees’ soft and technical skills. The Group’s learning and
development activities are facilitated by its “Learning In Motion” hub. Launched in 2018, this global
learning platform makes over 200 courses available to Johnson Electric employees, covering key
business and soft-skill areas and allowing employees to learn anytime, anywhere, on any device, at
their own pace.

In FY2017/18, Johnson Electric employees received over 200,000 training hours, excluding on-the-job
experience.

Additionally, operating from campuses in China and Mexico, the Johnson Electric Technical College
(“JETC”), targets underprivileged youth and provides a way for the new generation to choose
engineering as a viable career option and join the Group’s workforce upon graduation. Founded in
Shajing, China in 2004, JETC provides a mix of general and technical education to youth over a three-
year course. Since its foundation, JETC has accepted 1,079 students, including a further intake of 92
expected to join in China and Mexico later in 2018.

In Serbia, Johnson Electric provides training schemes in partnership with a local secondary
mechanical school and with the University of Niš. Students participating in these schemes spend 2
days a week in the factory, following detailed programs based on the JETC concept, bringing together
theory and practical experience. In FY2017/18, 23 secondary school students and 5 master’s degree
students were accepted onto these schemes.

Environmental, Health and Safety
The Group takes practical steps to protect the environment and the health and safety of employees
wherever it operates around the world. Johnson Electric believes that excellent EHS performance will
contribute to the sustainable growth of the Group for generations to come. Specific EHS goals include
no harm to people working for Johnson Electric and no damage to the environment wherever the
Group operates.




                                                  41
Annual Report 2018



The Group takes a proactive approach to addressing and managing EHS related issues with a
progressive EHS management structure; resources devoted to reaching clear, defined EHS objectives;
and an EHS management system to monitor and control EHS risks and track critical measurable
factors worldwide. The Chief Executive and the Executive Committee receive reports on key EHS
performance indicators on a regular basis.

All locations, worldwide, are required to apply this EHS management system and comply with Johnson
Electric’s global EHS standards as well as local regulations. Most of the Group’s operating facilities
are certified under the internationally recognised ISO14001 and / or OHSAS 18001 standards on
environment management and occupational health and safety management. Additionally, the Group’s
largest site in Shenzhen, China is certified under the ISO50001 standard on energy management.

Major EHS achievements in FY2017/18 include:

Certification of environmental management systems: The Chennai plant in India obtained ISO14001:
2015 certification. The Arujá plant in Brazil, the Bedzin plant in Poland and the Ózd plant in Hungary
obtained ISO14001 certification. Sites with existing certifications under ISO14001 are now focusing
on the transition to the ISO14001: 2015 standard.

Energy management and energy saving: The Group’s factories constantly pursue energy savings. From
around the world, projects resulting in a significant reduction in carbon emissions included:

•   Improvements to hydraulic presses by installing frequency conversion control and the replacement
    of some hydraulic presses with more energy efficient electrical injection molding machines
•   The replacement of electrostatic epoxy powder collectors with more energy efficient units
•   More efficient usage of compressed air through the use of electro-magnetic valves and automatic
    air controls to optimise flow as well as heat exchangers to use of waste heat from compression
•   Improvements to nitrogen injection and heat treatment furnaces
•   Modernisation of facilities including more efficient air-conditioning units, updates to lighting control
    systems, replacement of neon lights with LED lights, installation of solar energy collectors
•   The factory in Shanghai, China achieved ISO50001 certification for its energy management system

Material and resource management: Manufacture of the Group’s products consumes raw materials
such as steel, copper, aluminium and plastic resins. The Group recycles scrap from production
processes to recover as much of these valuable resources as possible. This scrap may be sold for
further recycling (e.g. steel, copper, plastic and wood) or recovered through collection for reuse as raw
material (e.g. aluminium scraps and epoxy powder).

Waste and wastewater management: Projects to reduce waste and wastewater in the Group’s factories
included:

•   The construction of treatment facilities for wastewater from production processes in Niš, Serbia
    and Shajing, China
•   Reduced usage of oil and oil filter paper in magnet pressing machines in Nanjing, China
•   The replacement of cardboard packaging with reusable packaging in Ri-Yong, China and Chennai,
    India




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                   42
                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Brownfield Remediation: To support Stackpole’s expansion in Mississauga, Canada, the Group has
remediated a brownfield site. 31,000 tonnes of soil contaminated with heavy metals and petroleum
hydrocarbons by previous industrial land users was removed for certified treatment and safe disposal.

Chemical Safety: The Group constantly seeks, to identify, consolidate and reduce or eliminate the use
of chemicals in all sites; especially potentially hazardous chemicals. Projects to improve chemical
safety included:

•   In Shajing, China methanol has been replaced completely by a non-hazardous solvent for the
    cleaning of production equipment. Additionally, laser etching technology has replaced some printing
    processes to further reduce the use of solvents
•   In Murten, Switzerland a water-based ecologically friendly solvent was put into use for manual
    washing stations
•   In the Isle of Wight, United Kingdom the number of chemicals in use in the factory was reduced by
    40%

Employee and Community Engagement
Employee engagement

Employee communications: Open and honest communication is a fundamental part of Johnson
Electric’s pledge to employees, inseparably linked to the high performance engagement culture that
the Group constantly seeks to instil. The Group utilises a variety of channels for this, including:

•   JE In Motion: A digital two-way communication platform for management and employees to post
    and share multimedia news with all employees, globally, or with targeted groups, who can respond,
    comment and contribute ideas to facilitate knowledge sharing and team collaboration.
•   Regular all-staff meetings: These meetings, held in every Johnson Electric location, provide updates
    on business performance and developments on key projects. Other means to ensure employees’
    alignment with Johnson Electric’s strategy and direction include newsletters, open forums and
    employee contests.
•   Employee survey: This survey measures employees’ level of engagement and provides a
    confidential route for employee feedback. Follow up actions ensure that employees’ voices are
    heard and responded to at both corporate and team levels.
•   One Johnson Global Celebration: This annual event brings all Johnson Electric employees around
    the globe together on a common theme, celebrating “One Johnson around the world”. The theme
    for 2017’s celebration was Industrial Logic, exploring key concepts of the evolution of industry
    towards automation and digitisation.

Employee health and wellbeing: Every June is designated as safety month across the entire Group.
Activities organised at both global and site level aim to raise plant and office workers’ awareness of
safety risks. Additionally, sites apply their creative talents to organise additional activities throughout
the year at local level, to ensure employees enjoy a safe work environment at all of our premises and
to encourage employees to take care of their general health and wellbeing. Activities ranged from
sports teams and events to weight challenges, flu vaccination programmes and assorted talks on
health issues, work life balancing and other topics.




                                                    43
Annual Report 2018




Community engagement

Johnson Electric’s community engagement runs on the flagship theme of “technical education”, which
comprises two main initiatives:

•   Johnson Electric Technical College (JETC): The JETC, discussed on page 41, serves a dual purpose,
    providing the Group with a stream of well-educated future employees, and giving back to society by
    supporting underprivileged youngsters in China and Mexico to obtain a quality general and
    technical education. Additionally, in Serbia, the Group provides a local technical high school with
    access to Johnson Electric’s facilities and staff, using similar concepts to JETC, to assist students
    in receiving a quality education.

•   Junior Engineer: This global community outreach programme is a simple but effective initiative to
    encourage an early interest in science, technology, engineering and mathematics subjects by
    enabling children between 6 and 12 to build and race 4-wheel drive cars powered by Johnson
    Electric motors. Debuted in 2016, the programme has expanded to include 29 Johnson Electric
    locations, benefitting nearly 1,000 children in FY2017/18.

Additionally, around the world, local sites partnered with local non-governmental organisations (NGOs)
to take part in charitable activities and actions including health education, poverty action, children,
elderly, underprivileged groups, animals, environmental protection, community order, etc.

For example, employees in Shajing, China can join an employee volunteer team that carries out regular
voluntary activities in the local community. During FY2017/18, their activities included setting up a
Johnson Electric branch of the Bao’an Municipal Library, visiting the elderly, cleaning up illegal ads on
the streets, caring for the homeless by helping them find rescue stations, keeping shared bicycles in
order and maintaining train stations’ order during the peak time of workers returning to the district
from their hometowns after major festivals.

Johnson Electric’s commitment to social responsibility is reflected in the accolades received around
the world during the year, including:

•   Springfield, USA – “Strength” award from the YMCA ABC (After Breast Cancer) Awareness Program

•   Hong Kong – Caring Company award from The Hong Kong Council of Social Service; and
    Outstanding Fundraiser Award from Oxfam

•   Shajing, China – Excellent Volunteer Contribution Award of XinQiao Street and Excellent Volunteer
    Group of XinQiao Street from XinQiao Volunteer Federation

•   Bedzin, Poland – Business Fair Play 2017 from the Polish Chamber of Commerce

Sustainability Report
For further information of Johnson Electric’s sustainability policies and activities please refer to the
Group’s Sustainability Report.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  44
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Johnson Electric Holdings Limited (“Company”) is committed to achieving high standards of corporate
governance that properly protect and promote the interests of its shareholders and devotes
considerable effort to identifying and formalising best practices of corporate governance.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors of the Company (“Board”) currently consists of three executive directors and
seven non-executive directors (of whom five are independent) (“Directors”).

The independent non-executive directors are all experienced individuals from a range of industries and
geographies. Their mix of professional skills and experience is an important element in the proper
functioning of the Board and in ensuring a high standard of objective debate and overall input to the
decision-making process. The Board has received from each independent non-executive director a
written confirmation of their independence and has satisfied itself of such independence up to the
approval date of this report in accordance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (“Listing
Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”).

In accordance with Rule 13.51(B)(1) of the Listing Rules, the Company is required to disclose changes
in information of Directors of the Company subsequent to the date of the Interim Report 2017. Mr.
Christopher Dale Pratt ceased to be a Director of PureCircle Limited with effect from 5 March 2018.
The annual basic salary of Mr. Austin Jesse Wang has been revised to US$375,000 with effect from
1 April 2018 whilst his annual discretionary bonus remains to be determined with reference to the
Company’s performance and profitability.


THE BOARD AT WORK
The Board is accountable to shareholders for the activities and performance of the Company and its
subsidiaries (“Group”). Directors meet in person on a quarterly basis and on other occasions when a
board-level decision on a particular matter is required. The Board has reserved for its decision or
consideration matters covering corporate strategy, annual and interim results, directors’ appointment,
succession planning, enterprise risk management, major acquisitions, disposals and capital
transactions and other significant operational and financial matters.

The Company seeks to provide its independent non-executive directors with extensive exposure and
access to its operations and management. The board meeting agendas are structured to address the
broad spectrum of key governance issues on a regular and systematic basis. Forming part of the
continuous professional development program for Directors, visits to the Group’s principal operating
facilities are arranged and relevant subject area experts are invited to address the Board from time to
time.




                                                  45
Annual Report 2018



The Board recognises the importance and benefits of conducting regular evaluations of its
performance to ensure the effectiveness of its functioning. On an annual basis, a board effectiveness
survey is sent to each Director in order to enable the performance of the Board to be evaluated.
Responses to the survey are analysed and discussed at the Board meeting. Suggestions made by the
Directors have been implemented to further improve the performance of the Board.

Major corporate matters that are specifically delegated by the Board to management include the
preparation of annual and interim accounts for board approval before public reporting, execution of
business strategies and initiatives adopted by the Board, implementation of adequate systems of
internal controls and enterprise risk management procedures, and compliance with relevant statutory
requirements and rules and regulations.

The Group’s Executive Vice Presidents attend board meetings to advise on strategic planning,
corporate governance, enterprise risk management, statutory compliance, internal controls, mergers
and acquisitions, financial, tax and accounting matters.

Under the Company’s Bye-law 109(A), one-third of the directors except the director holding office as
executive chairman, who have served longest on the Board since their last election, shall retire from
office and be eligible for re-election at each annual general meeting. As such, except for the executive
chairman, no director has a term of appointment longer than three years.


COMMITTEES
The monitoring and assessment of certain governance matters are delegated to four committees
which operate under defined terms of reference and are required to report to the Board on a regular
basis. The composition of the committees during FY2017/18 and up to the date of this report is set
out in the table below.

                                                                            Nomination
                                                                          and Corporate
                                                Audit    Remuneration       Governance          Board
Directors                                   Committee      Committee         Committee       Committee

Executive Directors
Patrick Shui-Chung Wang                                                               M              M
Winnie Wing-Yee Wang                                                M                                M

Non-Executive Director
Peter Kin-Chung Wang                                M

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards                                                          C
Patrick Blackwell Paul                              C                                 M
Michael John Enright                                M               C
Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam                                                M
Christopher Dale Pratt                              M               M

C – Chairman
M – Member


Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 46
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Audit Committee
The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors and one non-executive
director who together have substantial experience in the fields of accounting, taxation, business,
corporate governance and regulatory affairs. The current members are Mr. Patrick Blackwell Paul
(Committee Chairman), Prof. Michael John Enright, Mr. Christopher Dale Pratt and Mr. Peter Kin-Chung
Wang.

The Committee is responsible for monitoring the financial reporting, accounting, enterprise risk
management and internal control aspects of the Group’s activities. It has full access to the Group’s
Director of Internal Audit to hear directly any concerns of the internal audit function that may have
arisen during the course of the department’s work. The Committee also monitors the appointment,
function and remuneration of the Group’s external auditor. The Committee’s authority and duties are
set out in the terms of reference which are available on the websites of the Group and the Stock
Exchange.

Four committee meetings were held in FY2017/18 to discuss and review relevant matters together
with senior management and the independent auditor, including the following:

1.   The FY2016/17 annual results and interim results for FY2017/18, to ensure that the related
     disclosures in the financial statements were complete, accurate and fair and complied with
     accounting standards, the Listing Rules and legal requirements, and to submit the same to the
     Board for approval;

2.   The work done by the external auditor, the relevant fees and terms of engagement and
     appropriate actions required on any significant control weaknesses;

3.   The external auditor’s independence, including consideration of their provision of non-audit
     services;

4.   The Internal Audit Department’s staffing and team competencies, its internal audit plan and
     budget for approval, its report on work performed and the status of open issues for remedial
     action;

5.   The overall adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls;

6.   The Group’s enterprise risk management activity, namely the processes by which risks are
     assessed and registered and by which such risks are addressed for mitigation and management;

7.   The status and adequacy of the Group’s insurance coverage;

8.   The status of the Group’s global tax position and any fiscal audits by the various jurisdictions;

9.   The status of litigation;

10. Information technology management and security controls;




                                                   47
Annual Report 2018



11. The revised standard operating procedures on hedging and derivatives for approval; and

12. Sustainability reporting.

Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors and one executive
director. The current members are Prof. Michael John Enright (Committee Chairman), Mr. Joseph Chi-
Kwong Yam, Mr. Christopher Dale Pratt and Ms. Winnie Wing-Yee Wang.

The Committee determines the compensation structure and rewards for the Chief Executive and other
executive directors and monitors the policies being applied in remunerating the senior management
on behalf of the Board.

In addition, it has responsibility for reviewing and making appropriate recommendations to the Board
on retirement plans and provisions and on management development and succession plans for
executive directors and senior management. The Committee’s authority and duties are set out in the
terms of reference which are available on the websites of the Group and the Stock Exchange.

At Johnson Electric, remuneration and incentive schemes are linked to the achievement of annual and
long term performance goals. By providing total compensation at competitive industry levels, for on-
target performance, the Group seeks to attract, motivate and retain the key executives essential to its
long term success. To this end, the Committee directs the management in the engagement of outside
remuneration experts and stays abreast of remuneration practices among comparable companies
around the world. Senior management incentive schemes include an equity component that is
designed to align the long term interest of management with those of shareholders.

All global staff positions, including senior management, are governed by an evaluation methodology
which takes into account management / technical know-how, problem solving and accountability.
Individual senior management remuneration acknowledges scope of responsibilities, contribution and
performance. The base salary takes into account factors such as contribution to the business,
employee retention and market remuneration. Annual incentives, when payable, are performance-
based, and include Company’s and Group’s financial objectives as well as individual objectives which
may be non-financial. The Johnson Electric Restricted and Performance Stock Unit Plan for senior
management provides for the grant of JEHL Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) and Performance Stock
Units (“PSUs”). Vesting of these is subject to attainment of service milestones in the case of RSUs
and, in the case of PSUs, the attainment over time of identified group wide financial goals. RSUs and
PSUs are used to retain and motivate senior staff and are designed to maximise long term
shareholder value.

In determining the level of remuneration and fees paid to non-executive directors for the Board
approval, a review of current practices in leading Hong Kong public companies and comparable
companies elsewhere in the world is regularly conducted with the aid of an independent consultant.
Board remuneration consists of an annual retainer with additional fees payable for committee
memberships. Executive directors are not eligible for any remuneration or fees for board activities.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 48
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Remuneration Committee reviews the overall remuneration program of the Company over the
short, medium and long term while addressing the goals of management development and retention
and the enhancement of shareholder value.

No individual director or senior manager approves his or her own remuneration.

Five committee meetings were held in FY2017/18. During the financial year, the Committee
addressed the following:

1. Review of the Executive Directors and Senior Executive Compensation and Benefits;

2. Long-Term Incentive Share Scheme Awards;

3. Annual Incentive Plan Measurement;

4. UK and Canada defined benefit retirement plans; and

5. Review of Succession Planning.

Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee comprises two independent non-executive
directors and one executive director. The current members are Mr. Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards
(Committee Chairman), Mr. Patrick Blackwell Paul and Dr. Patrick Shui-Chung Wang.

The Committee is responsible for the identification and evaluation of candidates for appointment or
re-appointment as a director, as well as the development and maintenance of the Group’s overall
corporate governance policies and practices. The Committee’s authority and duties are set out in the
terms of reference which are available on the websites of the Group and the Stock Exchange.

The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy. The Committee monitors the implementation of this
policy and has responsibility for leading the process for Board appointments and for identifying and
nominating, for approval by the Board, candidates for appointment to the Board. Selection of
candidates is based on a range of perspectives, including but not limited to, cultural and educational
background, professional experience and qualifications, skills, functional expertise, knowledge, gender
and age. The candidates are considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits
of diversity on the Board. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the
selected candidates will bring to the Board.




                                                  49
Annual Report 2018



In reviewing Board composition, the Committee considers the benefits of all aspects of diversity
including, but not limited to those described above, in order to maintain an appropriate range and
balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the
Group’s business globally.

In accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company, every newly appointed director is subject to
re-election at the next annual general meeting.

Two committee meetings were held in FY2017/18. The following is a summary of work performed by
the Committee during the financial year:

1. Consideration and recommendation of the retiring directors for re-election at the Annual General
   Meeting;

2. Review of the structure, size and composition of the Board;

3. Consideration of the independence of all independent non-executive directors;

4. Review and approval of the corporate governance report and information for the Annual Report and
   the Interim Report;

5. Review of the Group’s report on compliance with laws and regulations in the countries in which it
   operates;

6. Review of the training of Directors and senior management;

7. Update on the latest development on the Listing Rules; and

8. Review of compliance certificate assurance.

Board Committee
The Board Committee comprises two executive directors, Dr. Patrick Shui-Chung Wang and Ms. Winnie
Wing-Yee Wang. Its primary function is to undertake and supervise the day to day management and
operating affairs of the Group. It exercises leadership and develops and keeps under review strategy
and business development initiatives of the Group and supervises their implementation. The
Committee’s authority and duties are set out in the terms of reference and a summary of which are
available on the Group’s website.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                50
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Attendance of Directors at Various Meetings
The Board held four board meetings in FY2017/18 and the average attendance rate was 95%. Details
of the attendance of individual directors at board meetings, committee meetings and the annual
general meeting during FY2017/18 are set out in the table below:

                                                      Number of meetings attended/held
                                                                                 Nomination
                                                                               and Corporate
                                                         Audit Remuneration      Governance       Annual
                                           Board     Committee    Committee       Committee      General
Directors                                 Meeting      Meeting        Meeting       Meeting      Meeting

Executive Directors
Patrick Shui-Chung Wang                      4/4             –              –           2/2         1/1
  (Chairman and Chief Executive)
Winnie Wing-Yee Wang                         4/4             –           5/5              –         1/1
  (Vice-Chairman)
Austin Jesse Wang                            4/4             –              –             –         0/1
Non-Executive Directors
Yik-Chun Koo Wang                            2/4             –              –             –         0/1
  (Honorary Chairman)
Peter Kin-Chung Wang                         4/4           2/4              –             –         0/1
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards                 4/4             –              –           2/2         0/1
Patrick Blackwell Paul                       4/4           4/4              –           2/2         0/1
Michael John Enright                         4/4           4/4           5/5              –         1/1
Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam                         4/4             –           5/5              –         1/1
Christopher Dale Pratt                       4/4           3/4           4/5              –         1/1

Average attendance rate                      95%           81%           95%          100%          50%

Date of meetings                      17/05/2017    15/05/2017   12/04/2017 17/05/2017         12/07/2017
                                      15/09/2017    24/07/2017   16/05/2017 27/03/2018
                                      08/11/2017    06/11/2017   19/05/2017
                                      27/03/2018    22/01/2018   07/11/2017
                                                                 26/03/2018




                                                      51
Annual Report 2018




INTERNAL CONTROL AND
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
The Board is responsible for ensuring that a sound and effective system of internal control and
enterprise risk management is maintained within the Group, and for reviewing its design and
operational adequacy and effectiveness through the Audit Committee.

The internal control and enterprise risk management system, which includes a defined management
structure with specified limits of authority and control responsibilities, is designed to (a) help the
achievement of business objectives and safeguard the Group’s assets; (b) ensure proper maintenance
of accounting records and reliability of financial reporting; (c) ensure compliance with relevant
legislation and regulations; and (d) identify, manage and mitigate key risks to the Group.

The internal control and enterprise risk management system is established to ensure reasonable, but
not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss and to manage, but not to eliminate,
risks of failure in achieving the Group’s objectives.

Following a risk-based approach, the Group’s Internal Audit Department independently reviews and
tests the controls over various operations and activities and evaluates their adequacy, effectiveness
and compliance. Audit findings and recommendations are reported to the Audit Committee, senior
management, and the external auditor. In addition, progress on audit recommendations
implementation is followed up on a regular basis and discussed with the Audit Committee.

During its annual review, the Audit Committee also considers the adequacy of resources, qualifications
and experience of staff of the Group’s Internal Audit Department, accounting and financial reporting
function and their training programs and budgets.

To supplement the above, under the Integrity and Ethics Policy, employees can report any ethical
misconduct, impropriety or fraud cases within the Group to the Johnson Electric Whistleblower Hotline
anonymously, or in writing in confidence without the fear of recrimination.

Based on the results of evaluations and representations made by the management, the Group’s
Internal Audit Department and the external auditor in FY2017/18, the Audit Committee is satisfied
that:

•   There is an ongoing process for identifying, evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by
    the Group that threaten the achievement of its business objectives; and

•   An appropriate, effective and adequate system of internal control and enterprise risk management
    has been in place in FY2017/18, and up to the date of approval of the Annual Report.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 52
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




AUDITOR
The Company’s independent external auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Audit Committee is
responsible for considering the appointment of the external auditor and also reviews any non-audit
functions performed by the external auditor for the Group. In particular, the Committee will consider
whether such non-audit functions could lead to any potential material conflict of interest.

During FY2017/18 and FY2016/17, the services (and associated remuneration) provided to the
Group by PricewaterhouseCoopers were as follows:

US$ million                     FY2017/18       FY2016/17

Audit                                 2.73             2.68
Taxation services                     1.10             0.74
Other advisory services               0.28             0.34

Included above are US$0.5 million of contracted fees for work to be performed subsequent to 31
March.


DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR
ACCOUNTS
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of accounts for each financial period which give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for that
period. In preparing these accounts for the year ended 31 March 2018, the Directors have selected
suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently, made judgements and estimates that are
prudent and reasonable, and have prepared the accounts on a going concern basis. The Directors are
responsible for keeping proper accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy at any
time the financial position of the Group.

The responsibility of the external auditor to the shareholders is set out in the Auditor’s Report on
pages 70 to 77.




                                                 53
Annual Report 2018




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
During the year ended 31 March 2018, the Company complied with the code provisions set out in the
Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, except for the following:

Code Provision A.2.1
Code A.2.1 provides, inter alia, that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual.

Neither the Company’s Bye-laws nor The Johnson Electric Holdings Limited Company Act, 1988 (a
private act of Bermuda) contains any requirement as to the separation of these roles.

Dr. Patrick Shui-Chung Wang is the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company. The Board is of the
opinion that it is appropriate and in the best interests of the Company that Dr. Wang should hold both
offices. The Board believes that it is able to effectively monitor and assess management in a manner
that properly protects and promotes the interests of shareholders.

Code Provision A.4.1 and A.4.2
Code A.4.1 provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term, subject to
re-election.

Code A.4.2 provides, inter alia, that every director, including those appointed for a specific term,
should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

The independent non-executive directors are appointed for a specific term while the non-executive
directors do not have a specific term of appointment. However, under Section 3(e) of The Johnson
Electric Holdings Limited Company Act, 1988 and the Company’s Bye-law 109(A), one-third of the
Directors who have served longest on the Board since their last election shall retire and be eligible for
re-election at each annual general meeting. Accordingly, no director has a term of appointment longer
than three years. Bye-law 109(A) also states that the director holding office as the executive chairman
is not subject to retirement by rotation and shall not be counted in determining the number of
directors to retire.

In the opinion of the Board, it is important for the stability and beneficial to the growth of the
Company that there is, and is seen to be, continuity of leadership in the role of the Chairman of the
Company and, in consequence, the Board is of the view that the Chairman should not be subject to
retirement by rotation or hold office for a limited term at the present time.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  54
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
On appointment to the Board, each Director receives an induction package covering the Group’s
businesses and operations, and the statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director to ensure
sufficient awareness of responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory
requirements. Thereafter, the Company provides the Directors with regular updates relating to the
Group’s business and the business environment in which the Group operates.

All Directors have complied with the code provision in relation to continuous professional development.
This has involved various forms of activities including attending presentations given by external
professional advisors and reading materials relevant to the Company’s business, director’s duties and
responsibilities.

The Company continuously updates Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules
and other applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of
good corporate governance practices.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening a Special General Meeting
Pursuant to Section 74 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, shareholder(s) holding at the date of
the deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying
the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall have the right to submit a written
requisition requiring a special general meeting (“SGM”) to be called by the Board. The written
requisition (i) must state the purposes of the SGM, and (ii) must be signed by the requisitionists and
deposited at the registered office of the Company for attention of the Company Secretary of the
Company, and may consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more
requisitionists. Such requisitions will be verified with the Company’s share registrars and upon their
confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to
convene a SGM by serving sufficient notice to all shareholders. On the contrary, if the requisition has
been verified as not in order, the requisitionists will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the
SGM will not be convened as requested.

If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to
convene a SGM, the requisitionists or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting
rights of all of them may convene a SGM, but any SGM so convened shall not be held after expiration
of three months from the said date of deposit of the requisition. A SGM convened by the
requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in any SGM to
be convened by the Board.




                                                  55
Annual Report 2018




Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
Pursuant to Sections 79 and 80 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, either any number of
shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying
the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, or not less than 100 shareholders, can
request the Company in writing to (a) give to shareholders entitled to receive notice of the next annual
general meeting notice of any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at
that meeting; and (b) circulate to shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting sent to
them any statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any
proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at that meeting. The requisition signed by all the
requisitionists must be deposited at the registered office of the Company with a sum reasonably
sufficient to meet the Company’s relevant expenses and not less than six weeks before the meeting
in case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution or not less than one week before the meeting
in case of any other requisition.

Proposing a Person for Election as a Director
The procedures for proposing candidate(s) for election as director(s) at a general meeting are set out
in the Shareholder Information under the Investor Relations section of the website of the Group.

Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns, in written form, to the Board by addressing
them to the Company Secretary at 12 Science Park East Avenue, 6/F., Hong Kong Science Park,
Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong. Shareholders may also make enquiries to the Board at the general
meetings of the Company. In addition, shareholders can contact Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited, the share registrar of the Company in Hong Kong, if they have any enquiries about
their shareholdings and entitlements to dividend.

Constitutional Documents
There was no significant change to the Company’s constitutional documents during FY2017/18.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted procedures governing directors’ securities transactions in compliance with
the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules. Specific confirmation has been
obtained from all Directors to confirm compliance with the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
March 2018.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 56
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMMUNICATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company uses a number of formal communication channels to account to shareholders for the
performance of the Group. These include the annual report and accounts, the interim report, periodic
announcements made through the Stock Exchange, as well as through the annual general meeting.
Copies of relevant corporate and financial information are also made available through the Group’s
website: www.johnsonelectric.com.

The Company aims to provide its shareholders and potential investors with high standards of
disclosure and financial transparency. In order to provide effective disclosure to investors and
potential investors and to ensure they all receive equal access to the same information at the same
time, inside information is released by way of formal public announcements as required by the Listing
Rules. The Company supplements and follows up such announcements through periodic
presentations, investor road shows and conference calls with the international investment community.
The Company also welcomes comments and questions from shareholders at its annual general
meeting.

The Board has adopted a set of Internal Control and Reporting Measures in respect of Inside
Information which provides guidance to Directors and management in handling and disseminating
inside information. The Media and Investor Communication Policy adopted by the Group sets out
guidelines to all staff to ensure inside information of the Group is to be handled in compliance with
the legal requirement.




                                                 57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
The Directors have pleasure in submitting their report together with the audited financial statements
for the year ended 31 March 2018.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries
are shown in Note 38 to the financial statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2018 are provided in the Letter to
Shareholders and Management’s Discussion and Analysis sections respectively from pages 12 to 15
and pages 16 to 44 of this Annual Report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2018 are set out in the consolidated income
statement on page 80 of the financial statements.

The Directors declared an interim dividend of 17 HK cents (2.18 US cents) per share, totalling
US$18.8 million which was paid on 5 January 2018.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of 34 HK cents (4.36 US cents) per share,
totalling US$37.4 million, payable on 13 August 2018.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As of 31 March 2018, the distributable reserves of the Company available for distribution as
dividends amounted to US$1,819.5 million, comprising retained earnings of US$1,762.4 million and
contributed surplus of US$57.1 million.

Under the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (as amended), the contributed surplus shall not be
distributed to the shareholders if there are reasonable grounds for believing that:

(i) The Company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or

(ii) The realisable value of the Company’s assets would thereby be less than its liabilities.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  58
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DONATIONS
During the year, the Group made donations of US$0.2 million (FY2016/17: US$0.2 million).


CONVERTIBLE BONDS
On 2 April 2014, the Group issued convertible bonds (“CB”) in an aggregate principal amount of
US$200 million with a cash coupon rate of 1% per annum, and a 7 year life with a 5 year put option.
Further information on the CB can be found in Note 14 to the financial statements.


DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report were:

Yik-Chun Koo Wang
Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP
Winnie Wing-Yee Wang
Austin Jesse Wang
Peter Kin-Chung Wang
Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards
Patrick Blackwell Paul CBE, FCA
Michael John Enright
Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam GBM, GBS, CBE, JP
Christopher Dale Pratt CBE

In accordance with Bye-law 109(A) of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Austin Jesse Wang, Mr. Peter Kin-
Chung Wang and Mr. Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam shall retire from office by rotation and being eligible, offer
themselves for re-election.

None of the directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting has a
service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without
payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director of the Company or
an entity connected with the Directors of the Company had a material interests, whether directly or
indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

The Company is managed through the Board which currently comprises ten directors. As of the date
of this report, three of the directors are executive and seven of the directors are non-executive, of
whom five are independent. Their details are set out in the Profile of Directors and Senior
Management section on pages 184 to 187.




                                                  59
Annual Report 2018




DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
Directors
As of 31 March 2018, the interests of each Director and Chief Executive of the Company in the
shares of the Company or any of the Company’s associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) as recorded in the register required to be kept
under Section 352 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                Shares of HK$0.05 each
                                                                    of the Company
                                                              Personal                         Other                      Approximate %
Name                                                         Interests                    Interests                       of shareholding

Yik-Chun Koo Wang                                                      –            502,570,700 (Notes 1 & 2)                     57.185
Patrick Shui-Chung Wang                                    1,610,000                                 – (Note 3)                     0.183
Winnie Wing-Yee Wang                                         517,000                                 – (Note 4)                     0.058
Austin Jesse Wang                                            193,875                                 – (Note 5)                     0.022
Peter Kin-Chung Wang                                                   –              25,598,770 (Notes 6 & 7)                      2.912
Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards                                           –                    40,250 (Note 8)                         0.004
Patrick Blackwell Paul                                         32,750                                –                              0.003
Michael John Enright                                           15,250                                –                              0.001
Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam                                           11,750                                –                              0.001
Christopher Dale Pratt                                         56,000                                –                              0.006


Notes:
1.   These shares were held, directly or indirectly, by the trustees of various trusts associated with the Wang family.
2.   Duplications of shareholdings occurred among and between the parties shown below under Substantial Shareholders.
3.   The interest comprises 1,610,000 underlying shares in respect of the awarded shares granted, which remained unvested, under the Johnson
     Electric Restricted and Performance Stock Unit Plan.
4.   The interest comprises 517,000 underlying shares in respect of the awarded shares granted, which remained unvested, under the Johnson
     Electric Restricted and Performance Stock Unit Plan.
5.   The interest comprises 147,000 underlying shares in respect of the awarded shares granted, which remained unvested, under the Long-Term
     Incentive Share Scheme and the Johnson Electric Restricted and Performance Stock Unit Plan.
6.   25,478,520 shares were held under a trust of which Peter Kin-Chung Wang was a beneficiary.
7.   120,250 shares were held beneficially by Peter Kin-Chung Wang’s spouse.
8.   These shares were held under a trust of which Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards was one of the beneficiaries.



Save as disclosed above, the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO
recorded no other interests or short positions of the Directors and Chief Executive in the shares,
underlying shares in, or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the SFO).

At no time during the year, the Directors and Chief Executive (including their spouses and children
under 18 years of age) had any interests in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe
for shares of the Company or its associated corporations required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                        60
                                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Substantial Shareholders
As of 31 March 2018, the shareholders’ interests being 5% or more of the Company’s issued share
capital as shown in the register of substantial shareholders maintained under Section 336 of the SFO
or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange are set out below:

                                                                                                  Numbers of                Approximate %
Name of shareholder                                        Capacity                               shares held              of shareholding

Yik-Chun Koo Wang                                          Beneficiary of family                502,570,700                            57.18
                                                             trusts                                (Notes 1 & 2)

Ansbacher (Bahamas) Limited                                Trustee                              221,760,000                            25.23
                                                                                                         (Note 1)

HSBC International Trustee Limited                         Trustee                              197,961,915                            22.52
                                                                                                         (Note 1)

Great Sound Global Limited                                 Interest of controlled               196,335,340                            22.34
                                                              corporation                                (Note 3)

Winibest Company Limited                                   Beneficial owner                     196,335,340                            22.34
                                                                                                         (Note 4)

Federal Trust Company Limited                              Trustee                              109,953,880                            12.51
                                                                                                         (Note 1)

Schroders Plc                                              Investment manager                    61,294,737                              6.97

Merriland Overseas Limited                                 Interest of controlled                52,985,760                              6.02
                                                              corporation                                (Note 5)


Notes:
1.   The shares in which Ansbacher (Bahamas) Limited was interested, 196,335,340 of the shares in which HSBC International Trustee Limited
     was interested and 84,475,360 of the shares in which Federal Trust Company Limited was interested were held, directly or indirectly, by them
     as trustees of various trusts associated with the Wang family and were included in the shares in which Yik-Chun Koo Wang was interested as
     referred to above under Directors’ Disclosure of Interests.
2.   The shares in which Yik-Chun Koo Wang was interested as referred to above formed part of the shares referred to in Note 1.
3.   The interests of Great Sound Global Limited in the Company formed part of the interests in the Company held by HSBC International Trustee
     Limited.
4.   The interests of Winibest Company Limited in the Company were duplicated by the interests in the Company held by Great Sound Global
     Limited.
5.   The interests of Merriland Overseas Limited in the Company formed part of the interests in the Company held by Federal Trust Company
     Limited.



Save as disclosed herein, as of 31 March 2018, the register maintained by the Company pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO recorded no other interests or short positions in the shares of the Company.




                                                                      61
Annual Report 2018




INCENTIVE SHARE SCHEMES
The Long-Term Incentive Share Scheme (“Share Scheme”) was approved by the shareholders on 24
August 2009 and was further amended and approved by the shareholders on 20 July 2011. The
Board may grant time-vested units (Restricted Stock Units) and performance-vested units (Performance
Stock Units) or cash payment in lieu of shares to such eligible employees and directors as the Board
may select at its absolute discretion under the Share Scheme. A new share scheme, the Johnson
Electric Restricted and Performance Stock Unit Plan (“Stock Unit Plan”) was approved by the
shareholders on 9 July 2015 and no further grants of share awards under the Share Scheme could be
made afterwards. Unvested share awards granted under the Share Scheme continue to be valid
subject to the provisions of the Share Scheme.

The purpose of the Stock Unit Plan is to align management with ownership. The Stock Unit Plan helps
to attract skilled and experienced personnel, incentivise them to remain with the Group and to
motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group.

The following is a summary of the Stock Unit Plan:

1.    Participants

      The participants of the Stock Unit Plan are the Directors, the directors of the Company’s
      subsidiaries and the employees of the Group who the Board considers, in its sole and absolute
      discretion, have contributed or will contribute significantly to the Group.

2.    Awards

      A contingent right to receive either fully paid ordinary shares of the Company or a cash
      payment, in either case is awarded pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan (“Awards”).

3.    Term

      Subject to any early termination of the Stock Unit Plan in accordance with the Stock Unit Plan,
      the Stock Unit Plan shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing from the
      date of adoption of the Stock Unit Plan (“Term”).

4.    Eligibility

      The Board may, at its discretion, invite directors and employees of the Group, who the Board
      considers, in its sole and absolute discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group,
      to participate in the Stock Unit Plan.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                62
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




5.   Administration

     The Stock Unit Plan shall be subject to the administration of the Board. The Company may
     appoint a professional trustee to assist with the administration and vesting of Awards granted.

6.   Grant of Awards

     The Board may, at any time during the Term, at its sole and absolute discretion, make an offer
     of the grant of an Award to any participant as the Board may in its sole and absolute discretion
     select, subject to the terms of the Stock Unit Plan.

     Any offer of the grant of an Award to any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of
     the Company, or any of their respective associates, shall be subject to the prior approval of the
     remuneration committee (excluding any member of the remuneration committee who is the
     proposed grantee of the grant in question) of the Company and all grants to connected persons
     shall be subject to compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

7.   Vesting of Awards

     Subject to the terms of the Stock Unit Plan, the Board may determine from time to time such
     vesting conditions or vesting periods for an Award to be vested. For the purpose of satisfying
     the grant of Awards, the Board shall determine whether the Company shall, at its sole and
     absolute discretion, (a) allot and issue new shares (by using the general mandate to issue and
     allot shares for grantees who are not connected persons); and/or (b) direct and procure the
     trustee of the Stock Unit Plan appointed by the Company to acquire through on-market
     purchases of shares; and/or (c) pay or procure the payment of a cash payment.

8.   Maximum Number of Shares to be Granted

     The total number of shares that may underlie the Awards granted pursuant to the Stock Unit
     Plan and any other equity-based incentive awards granted under any other equity-based incentive
     schemes of the Company shall not exceed 10% of the aggregate number of shares of the
     Company in issue as of the date of adoption of the Stock Unit Plan (“Scheme Mandate Limit”).

     The Scheme Mandate Limit may be renewed subject to prior approval of the shareholders of the
     Company but, in any event, the total number of shares that may underlie the Awards granted
     following the new approval date under the limit as renewed must not exceed 10% of the
     aggregate number of shares of the Company in issue as of the new approval date. Shares
     underlying the Awards granted pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan (including those outstanding,
     cancelled or vested Awards) prior to the new approval date will not be counted for the purpose
     of determining the maximum aggregate number of shares that may underlie the Awards granted
     following the new approval date under the limit as renewed. For the avoidance of doubt, shares
     issued prior to the new approval date pursuant to the vesting of Awards granted pursuant to the




                                                63
Annual Report 2018



      Stock Unit Plan will be counted for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares
      in issue as of the new approval date.

9.    Dividends and Voting Rights

      The Awards do not carry any right to vote at general meetings of the Company. A grantee shall
      not be entitled to any dividends or distributions in respect of any shares underlying the Awards
      granted until such shares have been allotted and issued or transferred (as the case may be) to
      the grantee.

10.   Transferability

      Subject to the terms of the Stock Unit Plan, an Award shall be personal to the grantee and
      shall not be assignable or transferrable. A grantee shall not in any way sell, transfer, charge,
      mortgage, encumber or create any interests in favour of any third party over or in relation to any
      Award.

11.   Alteration

      The Board may alter any of the terms of the Stock Unit Plan at any time provided that any
      changes to the authority of the Board in relation to any alteration of the terms of the Stock Unit
      Plan shall not be made without the prior approval of shareholders of the Company in general
      meeting or any alterations to the terms and conditions of the Stock Unit Plan which are of a
      material nature or any changes to the terms of the Awards granted must be approved by the
      shareholders of the Company in general meeting, except where the alterations or changes take
      effect automatically under the existing terms of the Stock Unit Plan.

12.   Termination

      The Company by ordinary resolution in general meeting or the Board may at any time terminate
      the Stock Unit Plan and, in such event, no further Awards may be granted but in all other
      respects the terms of the Stock Unit Plan shall remain in full force and effect in respect of
      Awards which are granted during the Term and which remain unvested immediately prior to the
      termination.

During the year ended 31 March 2018, no shares of the Company were purchased by the Company in
connection with the Stock Unit Plan for eligible employees and directors.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 64
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Movements in the number of unvested units granted as of the date of this report under both the
Share Scheme and the Stock Unit Plan on a combined basis are as follows:

                                                                            Number of unvested
                                                                         units granted (thousands)
                                                              Restricted        Performance
                                                             Stock Units         Stock Units           Total

Unvested units granted, as of 31 March 2017                       6,949              7,140           14,089
Units granted to Directors and employees
  during the year                                                 1,671              1,616            3,287
Shares vested to Directors and employees
  during the year                                                (1,297)            (1,801)          (3,098)
Forfeited during the year                                          (299)              (395)            (694)

Unvested units granted, as of 31 March 2018                       7,024              6,560           13,584
Forfeited in FY2018/19                                               (8)                 –               (8)

Unvested units granted, as of the date of this report             7,016              6,560           13,576



As of the date of this report, the number of unvested units granted under both the Share Scheme and
the Stock Unit Plan on a combined basis are as follows:

                                                                            Number of unvested
                                                                         units granted (thousands)
                                                               Restricted        Performance
Vesting period                                                Stock Units         Stock Units           Total

FY2018/19                                                          2,178              1,928            4,106
FY2019/20                                                          3,219              3,061            6,280
FY2020/21                                                          1,619              1,571            3,190

Unvested units granted, as of the date of this report              7,016              6,560           13,576



Apart from the Share Scheme and the Stock Unit Plan mentioned above, there were no other
arrangements to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a party to enable the Directors of the
Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company
or any other body corporate.




                                                        65
Annual Report 2018




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
Save as disclosed in Note 18 to the financial statements, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s shares during the year ended 31
March 2018.


JOHNSON ELECTRIC GROUP TEN-YEAR SUMMARY
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the previous ten financial
years are set out on pages 182 to 183.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
No pre-emptive rights exist under the laws of Bermuda in relation to issues of new shares by the
Company.


MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
During the year, the Group purchased less than 30% of its goods and services from its five largest
suppliers and sold less than 30% of its goods and services to its five largest customers.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
During the financial year and up to the date of this report, subject to the applicable laws, the directors
of the Company and its subsidiaries are entitled to be indemnified pursuant to the provisions in force
for the benefit of directors against liabilities incurred in the execution and discharge of their duties in
accordance with the respective articles of associations or constitutional documents of the Company
and its subsidiaries.


PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the
Directors of the Company, as of the date of this report, there is sufficient public float of more than
25% of the Company’s issued shares as required under the Listing Rules.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                   66
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The profile of the senior management is set out in the Profile of Directors and Senior Management
section on pages 187 to 189.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices as adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate
Governance Report on pages 45 to 57.


AUDITOR
The financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, who retire and, being eligible,
offer themselves for re-appointment.




On behalf of the Board




Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP
Chairman and Chief Executive

Hong Kong, 16 May 2018




                                                 67
FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board will recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 12 July 2018 (Thursday) a
final dividend of 34 HK Cents equivalent to 4.36 US Cents per share (2017: 34 HK Cents or 4.36 US
Cents) payable on 13 August 2018 (Monday) to persons who are registered shareholders of the
Company on 2 August 2018 (Thursday), making a total distribution of 51 HK Cents equivalent to 6.54
US Cents per share for the year ended 31 March 2018 (2017: 50 HK Cents or 6.41 US Cents).




CLOSING REGISTER OF SHAREHOLDERS
ATTENDING ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The Register of Shareholders of the Company will be closed from 9 July 2018 (Monday) to 12 July
2018 (Thursday) inclusive, during which no transfer of shares will be registered.

In order to qualify for attending and voting at the Annual General Meeting, all transfers accompanied
by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s registrar in Hong Kong,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong (not the registrar in Bermuda) for registration,
not later than 4:30 p.m. on 6 July 2018 (Friday).


FINAL DIVIDEND
The Register of Shareholders of the Company will be closed from 31 July 2018 (Tuesday) to 2 August
2018 (Thursday) inclusive, during which no transfer of shares will be registered.

In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share
certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wan Chai, Hong Kong (not the registrar in Bermuda) for registration, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 30
July 2018 (Monday). Shares of the Company will be traded ex-dividend as from 27 July 2018 (Friday).




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                68
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENTS
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                     70

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET                       78

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT                    80

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   81

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY      82

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT                 84

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   86




                                        69
Annual Report 2018




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
JOHNSON ELECTRIC HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)



Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of Johnson Electric Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 78 to 181, which comprise:
• the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 March 2018;
• the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
• the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
• the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and
• the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant
   accounting policies.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance
and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  70
Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the Code.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:
• Goodwill impairment
• Deferred tax assets and income taxes
• Warranty and claims




                                                 71
Annual Report 2018




Key Audit Matters                                                   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Goodwill impairment
(Refer to Note 5 Intangible Assets and Note 35(a) Accounting        We evaluated management’s future cash flow
Estimates and Judgements)
                                                                    forecasts and the process by which they were
                                                                    prepared, tested the mathematical accuracy of
The Group had a goodwill balance of US$789.9
                                                                    the underlying value-in-use calculations and
million as of 31 March 2018.
                                                                    agreed them to financial budgets and forecasts.
                                                                    We also compared historic actual results to those
Goodwill has been allocated to a group of cash
                                                                    budgeted and forecasted to assess the quality of
generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of
                                                                    management’s forecasting.
performing the goodwill impairment assessment.
The recoverable amount of the underlying CGUs
                                                                    We assessed the key assumptions used in the
is supported by value-in-use calculations which
                                                                    calculations, comprising sales growth rates,
are based on future discounted cash flows.
                                                                    perpetual growth rate, operating margin and
Management concluded that the goodwill was not
                                                                    discount rates. When evaluating these key
impaired.
                                                                    assumptions, we considered external industry
                                                                    outlook reports and economic growth forecasts
We focused on this area as the assessment
                                                                    from a number of sources and compared the
involved significant judgements, including the
                                                                    discount rate to the cost of capital of the
sales growth rate, perpetual growth rate,
                                                                    Company and comparable entities. We made use
operating margin and discount rates applied to
                                                                    of our internal valuation experts when assessing
the estimates of the recoverable amount.
                                                                    these inputs.

                                                                    We      evaluated     the   reasonableness     of
                                                                    management’s       forecast   performance     and
                                                                    assessed management’s sensitivity analysis
                                                                    around the key assumptions, to ascertain the
                                                                    extent to which adverse changes, both
                                                                    individually or in aggregate, would result in the
                                                                    goodwill being impaired.

                                                                    We found the Group’s judgements and
                                                                    assumptions  used  in   the   impairment
                                                                    assessments to be supported by available
                                                                    evidence.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                              72
Key Audit Matters                                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Deferred tax assets and income taxes
(Refer to Notes 17 Taxation and Note 35(b) Accounting Estimates        We evaluated management’s assessment as to
and Judgements)
                                                                       whether there will be sufficient taxable profits in
                                                                       future periods to support the recognition of
The Group has recognised US$44.3 million
                                                                       deferred tax assets by evaluating their forecasts,
deferred tax assets and US$46.9 million current
                                                                       the process by which they were prepared, testing
income tax liabilities on the balance sheet.
                                                                       the underlying calculations and comparing them
                                                                       to the latest financial budgets and forecasts. We
The recognition of deferred tax assets involves
                                                                       also assessed whether the tax losses could be
judgement by management as to the likelihood
                                                                       carried forward and utilised before their expiry
of the realisation of these deferred tax assets.
                                                                       dates.
The expectation that these assets will be
realised is dependent on a number of factors,
                                                                       We held meetings with the Group’s management
including appropriate taxable temporary timing
                                                                       to understand tax developments and related tax
differences, and whether there will be sufficient
                                                                       risks, and the status of any tax audits.
taxable profits in future periods to support such
recognition. We focused on this area because of
                                                                       We used our tax specialists to assist us in
the inherent uncertainties involved in forecasting
                                                                       assessing the appropriateness of management’s
future taxable profits.
                                                                       judgements regarding the level of the tax
                                                                       provisions made in accordance with local tax
The Group has a wide geographic footprint and
                                                                       rules.
is subject to tax laws in a number of
jurisdictions. Tax provisioning requires subjective
                                                                       We found the Group’s judgements and
judgements to be made by management about
                                                                       assumptions used in the recognition of deferred
the expected ultimate settlement, if any, of
                                                                       tax assets and income tax liabilities were
anticipated tax audit issues.
                                                                       supported by available evidence.




                                                                  73
Annual Report 2018




Key Audit Matters                                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Warranty and claims
(Refer to Note 16 Provision and Other Liabilities and Note 35(c)        We evaluated the Group’s methodology and
Accounting Estimates and Judgements)
                                                                        assumptions used for recognising warranty and
                                                                        claims provisions, which contained a general
The Group generally offers warranties for its
                                                                        element based on percentage of claims relative
motors and other products. The warranty and
                                                                        to sales levels, and specific elements for known
claims provision of US$40.4 million was based
                                                                        warranty issues or claims against the Group.
on the estimated costs of warranty claims
                                                                        Our work included testing the input data and
against products sold by the Group.
                                                                        underlying mathematical accuracy of the model.
Management uses historical warranty claims
experience as well as recent trends to
                                                                        We assessed forecast warranty claims by
determine the level of provisioning. Where
                                                                        comparing the level of warranty claims made in
specific claims have been brought against the
                                                                        prior years and performing sensitivity analysis of
Group, the level of provision is made based on
                                                                        the management analysis on the warranty
the consideration of the merits of a warranty
                                                                        claims’ trends.
claim against the Group, the existence of any
obligation under the warranty commitment and
                                                                        Based on the work performed, we found the
legal advice if appropriate.
                                                                        Group’s judgements used in connection with the
                                                                        provisions made were supported by available
We focused on this area as the estimation and
                                                                        evidence.
timing of costs to be incurred in respect of
future warranty claims requires significant and
complex judgements.




Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                  74
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there
is a material misstatement of this other information; we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee of the
Company for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the
directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do
not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                  75
Annual Report 2018



As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
    obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
    of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
    error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
    override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
    opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
    or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
    If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
    report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
    are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
    up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
    cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
    including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
    underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
    business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
    statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
    We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  76
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is John J. Ryan.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 16 May 2018




                                                 77
Annual Report 2018




CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
As of 31 March 2018


                                                                          2018         2017
                                                                Note    US$’000     US$’000

Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                 3      1,115,354     799,406
  Investment property                                           4         99,199      93,385
  Intangible assets                                             5      1,178,636   1,086,072
  Investment in associates                                      6          3,448      39,799
  Other financial assets                                        7        111,437     159,370
  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss        8          7,241           –
  Defined benefit pension plan assets                           15        21,783       9,352
  Deferred income tax assets                                    17        44,272      54,320
  Other non-current assets                                                31,962      11,055

                                                                       2,613,332   2,252,759

Current assets
  Inventories                                                   9       400,765     313,115
  Trade and other receivables                                   10      771,412     614,651
  Other financial assets                                        7        40,361      53,189
  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss        8            63           –
  Income tax recoverable                                                  7,404       2,523
  Pledged deposits                                              11            –       4,747
  Cash and cash equivalents                                     11      168,942     127,689

                                                                       1,388,947   1,115,914

Current liabilities
  Trade payables                                                12      357,315     288,262
  Other payables and deferred income                                    334,060     265,654
  Current income tax liabilities                                         46,869      48,241
  Other financial liabilities                                   7        12,200      28,015
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss   8            78           –
  Borrowings                                                    13      126,110      26,128
  Retirement benefit obligations                                15          492         474
  Provisions and other liabilities                              16       39,546      52,756

                                                                        916,670     709,530

Net current assets                                                      472,277     406,384

Total assets less current liabilities                                  3,085,609   2,659,143




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                    78
                                                                              2018          2017
                                                                Note        US$’000      US$’000


Non-current liabilities
  Other payables and deferred income                                         19,196        15,321
  Other financial liabilities                                   7            41,946       109,343
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss   8            36,660             –
  Borrowings                                                    13          153,056       150,233
  Convertible bonds                                             14          213,018       207,610
  Deferred income tax liabilities                               17          116,410       105,093
  Put option written to a non-controlling interest              28           79,451             –
  Retirement benefit obligations                                15           54,206        39,656
  Provisions and other liabilities                              16            5,861         6,892


                                                                            719,804       634,148

NET ASSETS                                                              2,365,805       2,024,995


Equity
  Share capital – Ordinary shares (at par value)                18            5,670         5,670
  Shares held for incentive share schemes
    (at purchase cost)                                          18        (55,219)         (64,813)
  Reserves                                                      19      2,347,995       2,051,333

                                                                        2,298,446       1,992,190
Non-controlling interests                                                  67,359          32,805

TOTAL EQUITY                                                            2,365,805       2,024,995


The notes on pages 86 to 181 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



Approved by the Board of Directors on 16 May 2018.




Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP                           Winnie Wing-Yee Wang
Director                                             Director




                                                     79
Annual Report 2018




CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
For the year ended 31 March 2018

                                                                            2018            2017
                                                           Note           US$’000        US$’000

Sales                                                      2            3,236,560       2,776,101

Cost of goods sold                                                      (2,445,328)    (2,028,334)
Gross profit                                                              791,232         747,767

Other income and gains, net                                20                6,197         19,091

Selling and administrative expenses                        21             (462,231)      (471,344)

Operating profit                                                          335,198         295,514

Share of profit of associates                              6                 1,147          4,756

Finance income                                             22                1,161          1,132

Finance costs                                              22              (14,692)       (11,090)

Profit before income tax                                                  322,814         290,312

Income tax expense                                         17              (48,548)       (43,806)

Profit for the year                                                       274,266         246,506

Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                           (10,219)        (8,586)

Profit attributable to shareholders                                       264,047         237,920


Basic earnings per share for profit attributable
  to the shareholders for the year
  (expressed in US cents per share)                        24                30.64          27.71

Diluted earnings per share for profit attributable
  to the shareholders for the year
  (expressed in US cents per share)                        24                29.65          26.91

The notes on pages 86 to 181 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Please see Note 25 for details of dividend.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                    80
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 March 2018

                                                                                2018         2017
                                                                    Note      US$’000     US$’000

Profit for the year                                                           274,266     246,506
Other comprehensive income / (expenses)
Items that will not be recycled to profit and loss:
Defined benefit plans
   – remeasurements                                                 15 & 19    12,931       (7,795)
   – deferred income tax effect                                     17 & 19    (1,992)         996
Long service payment
   – remeasurements                                                 15 & 19      585             308
   – deferred income tax effect                                     17 & 19      (98)             (67)
Investment property
   – deferred income tax effect                                     17 & 19         –       (1,547)
Share of other comprehensive expenses of associates                 6 & 19          –       (2,394)
Hedging instruments for transactions resulting in the
   recognition of inventories and subsequently recognised to
   the income statement upon consumption
   – raw material commodity contracts
      – fair value gains, net                                       19         30,427      40,741
      – transferred to inventory and subsequently recognised
        in income statement                                         19         (5,007)     18,511
      – deferred income tax effect                                  17 & 19    (4,194)     (9,777)

Total items that will not be recycled to profit and loss directly              32,652      38,976
Items that will be recycled to profit and loss:
Hedging instruments
   – forward foreign currency exchange contracts
      – fair value gains / (losses), net                            19         61,855       (4,727)
      – transferred to income statement                             19        (15,242)     (13,675)
      – deferred income tax effect                                  17 & 19   (12,875)       4,045
   – net investment hedge
      – fair value (losses) / gains, net                            19        (41,622)     16,550
Release of exchange reserve of an associate upon
   business combination                                             28           (469)           –
Currency translations of subsidiaries                                         138,244      (78,914)
Currency translations of associates                                 19            159           87
Total items that will be recycled to profit and loss directly                 130,050      (76,634)
Other comprehensive income / (expenses) for the year, net of tax              162,702      (37,658)
Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                           436,968     208,848

Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Shareholders                                                                  422,260     202,527
Non-controlling interests
  Share of profits for the year                                                10,219        8,586
  Currency translations                                                         4,489       (2,265)

                                                                              436,968     208,848

The notes on pages 86 to 181 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                         81
Annual Report 2018




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 March 2018

                                                                             Attributable to shareholders of JEHL
                                                                                                                                      Non-
                                                                          Share         Other      Retained                     controlling       Total
                                                                         capital     reserves *    earnings            Total     interests       equity
                                                           Note        US$’000       US$’000       US$’000          US$’000      US$’000       US$’000
As of 31 March 2017                                                     (59,143)      (14,789) 2,066,122 1,992,190                32,805 2,024,995
Profit for the year                                                            –            –      264,047          264,047       10,219       274,266
Other comprehensive income / (expenses):
Hedging instruments
 – raw material commodity contracts
   – fair value gains, net                                 19                  –      30,427               –         30,427              –      30,427
   – transferred to inventory and subsequently
     recognised in income statement                        19                  –       (5,007)             –         (5,007)             –       (5,007)
   – deferred income tax effect                            17 & 19             –       (4,194)             –         (4,194)             –       (4,194)
 – forward foreign currency exchange contracts
   – fair value gains, net                                 19                  –       61,855              –         61,855              –      61,855
   – transferred to income statement                       19                  –      (15,242)             –        (15,242)             –     (15,242)
   – deferred income tax effect                            17 & 19             –      (12,875)             –        (12,875)             –     (12,875)
 – net investment hedge
   – fair value losses, net                                19                  –      (41,622)             –        (41,622)             –     (41,622)
Defined benefit plans
 – remeasurements                                          15 & 19             –            –        12,931          12,931              –      12,931
 – deferred income tax effect                              17 & 19             –            –         (1,992)         (1,992)            –       (1,992)
Long service payment
  – remeasurements                                         15 & 19             –            –           585             585              –         585
  – deferred income tax effect                             17 & 19             –            –            (98)            (98)            –          (98)
Release of exchange reserve of an associate upon
 business combination                                      28                  –         (469)             –           (469)             –        (469)
Currency translations of subsidiaries                      19                  –     133,755               –        133,755         4,489      138,244
Currency translations of associates                        19                  –         159               –            159              –         159
Total comprehensive income for FY2017/18                                       –     146,787       275,473          422,260       14,708       436,968
Transactions with shareholders:
Appropriation of retained earnings to statutory reserve    19                  –       8,600         (8,600)               –             –            –
Incentive share schemes
  – shares vested                                          18 & 19        9,594       (9,594)              –              –              –           –
  – value of employee services                             19 & 27            –       12,685               –         12,685              –      12,685
Dividend declared to non-controlling shareholders
  of a subsidiary                                                              –            –              –               –       (5,228)       (5,228)
Non-controlling interest arising on business combination   28                  –            –              –               –      25,074        25,074
Put option written to a non-controlling interest           28                  –      (72,191)             –        (72,191)             –     (72,191)
FY2016/17 final dividend paid                              19                  –            –       (37,735)        (37,735)             –     (37,735)
FY2017/18 interim dividend paid                            19                  –            –       (18,763)        (18,763)             –     (18,763)
Total transactions with shareholders                                      9,594       (60,500)      (65,098)    (116,004)         19,846       (96,158)
As of 31 March 2018                                                      (49,549) ** 71,498       2,276,497     2,298,446          67,359     2,365,805
*    Other reserves mainly represent capital reserve, exchange reserve, share-based employee compensation reserve, hedging reserve, property
     revaluation reserve, equity component of convertible bonds (net of taxes), statutory reserve, reserve arising from put option written to a non-
     controlling interest and goodwill on consolidation.
** The total of US$(49.5) million is comprised by share capital of US$5.7 million and shares held for incentive share schemes of US$(55.2)
   million.

The notes on pages 86 to 181 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                       82
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 March 2017

                                                                               Attributable to shareholders of JEHL
                                                                                                                                       Non-
                                                                             Share        Other      Retained                    controlling      Total
                                                                            capital    reserves *    earnings            Total    interests      equity
                                                                Note      US$’000      US$’000       US$’000          US$’000     US$’000      US$’000
As of 31 March 2016                                                       (69,780)      16,912      1,895,446 1,842,578            42,174 1,884,752
Profit for the year                                                              –             –     237,920          237,920        8,586     246,506
Other comprehensive income / (expenses):
Hedging instruments
 – raw material commodity contracts
   – fair value gains, net                                      19               –      40,741               –         40,741             –     40,741
   – transferred to inventory and subsequently
     recognised in income statement                             19               –      18,511               –         18,511             –     18,511
   – deferred income tax effect                                 17 & 19          –      (9,777)              –         (9,777)            –     (9,777)
 – forward foreign currency exchange contracts
   – fair value losses, net                                     19               –      (4,727)              –         (4,727)            –     (4,727)
   – transferred to income statement                            19               –     (13,675)              –        (13,675)            –    (13,675)
   – deferred income tax effect                                 17 & 19          –       4,045               –          4,045             –      4,045
 – net investment hedge
   – fair value gains, net                                      19               –      16,550               –         16,550             –     16,550
Defined benefit plans
 – remeasurements                                               15 & 19          –             –       (7,795)         (7,795)            –     (7,795)
 – deferred income tax effect                                   17 & 19          –             –          996             996             –        996
Long service payment
  – remeasurements                                              15 & 19          –             –          308             308             –        308
  – deferred income tax effect                                  17 & 19          –             –          (67)            (67)            –        (67)
Investment property
  – revaluation surplus realised upon disposal                  19               –           (31)          31               –             –          –
  – deferred income tax effect                                  17 & 19          –       (1,547)            –          (1,547)            –     (1,547)
Share of other comprehensive expenses of associates             6 & 19           –             –       (2,394)         (2,394)            –     (2,394)

Currency translations of subsidiaries                           19               –     (76,649)              –        (76,649)      (2,265)    (78,914)

Currency translations of associates                             19               –           87              –             87             –         87
Total comprehensive income / (expenses) for FY2016/17                            –     (26,472)      228,999          202,527        6,321     208,848
Transactions with shareholders:
Appropriation of retained earnings to statutory reserve         19               –       2,928         (2,928)              –             –          –
Incentive share schemes
  – shares vested                                               18 & 19    10,637      (10,637)              –              –             –          –
  – value of employee services                                  19 & 27         –       12,376               –         12,376             –     12,376
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                         –       (9,896)             –         (9,896)      (9,416)    (19,312)
Dividend paid to non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary                    –             –             –              –       (6,274)     (6,274)
FY2015/16 final dividend paid                                   19               –             –      (37,672)        (37,672)            –    (37,672)
FY2016/17 interim dividend paid                                 19               –             –      (17,723)        (17,723)            –    (17,723)
Total transactions with shareholders                                       10,637        (5,229)      (58,323)        (52,915)     (15,690)    (68,605)
As of 31 March 2017                                                       (59,143)     (14,789) 2,066,122 1,992,190                32,805 2,024,995
*    Other reserves mainly represent capital reserve, exchange reserve, share-based employee compensation reserve, hedging reserve, property
     revaluation reserve, equity component of convertible bonds (net of taxes), statutory reserve and goodwill on consolidation.




                                                                          83
Annual Report 2018




CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the year ended 31 March 2018

                                                                                                        2018                  2017
                                                                                      Note            US$’000              US$’000

Cash flows from operating activities
  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
    amortisation                                                                      27              519,857              448,353
  Other non-cash items                                                                27                35,469               12,024
  Change in working capital                                                           27               (78,735)             (15,357)

    Cash generated from operations                                                    27              476,591              445,020
    Interest paid                                                                                       (8,158)               (5,867)
    Income taxes paid                                                                                  (67,632)             (39,208)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                                          400,801              399,945

Investing activities
   Purchase of property, plant and equipment and
      capitalised expenditure of investment property, net of
      subsidies                                                                                       (305,824)            (240,242)
   Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
      equipment and investment property                                               27                    739                6,019
   Capitalised expenditure of engineering development                                 5 & 23             (8,726)              (6,729)
   Finance income received                                                                                1,161                1,132

                                                                                                      (312,650)            (239,820)

    Business combination and acquisition
      – acquisition of subsidiary *                                                   28               (77,689)             (64,704)
      – leased properties and related items **                                                         (27,088)             (29,887)
    Proceeds from sale of financial assets at fair value
      through profit and loss                                                                               145                  249


Net cash used in investing activities                                                                 (417,282)            (334,162)

*    On 16 May 2017, the Group acquired an additional 50% equity interest in Halla Stackpole Corporation. Cash outlay in relation to this
     acquisition amounted to US$77.7 million. For details, please refer to Note 28.

     In FY2016/17, cash outlay in relation to the acquisition of AML amounted to US$64.7 million.

** In FY2017/18, Stackpole acquisition of two previously leased properties of US$27.1 million (FY2016/17: Stackpole acquisition of three
   previously leased properties and related items of US$29.9 million).




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                    84
                                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                      Note             US$’000         US$’000

Financing activities
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                        132,290          10,520
  Repayments of bank borrowings and finance leases                                      (32,367)       (54,481)
  Dividends paid to shareholders                                                        (56,498)       (55,395)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                 –         (6,274)
  Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                    –        (19,312)


Net cash generated from / (used in) financing activities                                43,425         (124,942)

Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                  26,944          (59,159)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                     127,689         193,325

Currency translations on cash and cash equivalents                                      14,309           (6,477)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR                                       168,942         127,689


The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financial activities is as follows:

                                                                                          Finance
                                        Borrowings      Borrowings      Convertible          lease
                                          (current)   (non-current)         bonds          liability      Total
                                         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000        US$’000       US$’000

As of 31 March 2017                         26,128       150,233          207,610           1,545      385,516
Currency translations                          949            271                 –                –      1,220
Cash flows
  – inflow from financing activities      108,034          24,256                 –             –      132,290
  – outflow from financing activities      (30,270)          (435)                –        (1,662)      (32,367)
  – outflow from operating activities            –              –            (2,000)            –        (2,000)
Non-cash changes
  – finance costs                                –               –           7,408             117        7,525
  – reclassification                        21,269         (21,269)              –               –            –


As of 31 March 2018                       126,110        153,056          213,018                  –   492,184


The notes on pages 86 to 181 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                      85
Annual Report 2018




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PREPARATION
      The principal operations of Johnson Electric Holdings Limited (“JEHL”) and its subsidiaries
      (together, “the Group”) are the manufacture and sale of motion systems. The Group has
      manufacturing plants and sales operations throughout the world.

      JEHL, the parent holding company, is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The
      address of its registered office is Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda.

      The shares of JEHL are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

      These consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollars, unless otherwise stated
      and have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 16 May 2018. They have been
      prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”)
      using the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of financial assets and
      financial liabilities (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit and loss, and
      investment property, which are carried at fair value.

      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain
      critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the
      process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of
      judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the
      consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in Note 35.

      The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial
      statements are set out in Note 34. In FY2017/18, the Group adopted new / revised standards
      and interpretations of HKFRS effective for the first time in FY2017/18. The effects of adopting
      the new / revised HKFRSs are disclosed in Note 36.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 86
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2. SEGMENT INFORMATION
  Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to
  the chief operating decision maker (as defined in HKFRS). The chief operating decision maker
  has been identified as the Group’s Executive Committee. The Group has one operating
  segment.

  The Group’s management assesses the performance of its operating segment based on the
  measure of operating profit, excluding items which are not directly related to the segment
  performance. These include non-operating income / (expenses) such as interest income and
  expense, rental income, fair value gains / (losses) on investment property and gains / (losses)
  on disposals of fixed assets and investments.

  The reconciliation of the operating profit presented to management to the consolidated income
  statement was as follows:

                                                                         2018            2017
                                                                       US$’000        US$’000

  Operating profit presented to management                             329,001         276,423
  Other income and gains, net (Note 20)                                  6,197          19,091


  Operating profit per consolidated income statement                   335,198         295,514


  Sales from external customers by business unit were as follows:

                                                                         2018            2017
                                                                       US$’000        US$’000

  Automotive Products Group (“APG”)                                  2,493,619       2,090,815
  Industry Products Group (“IPG”)                                      742,941         685,286


                                                                     3,236,560       2,776,101


  The Stackpole business, primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of engine and
  transmission oil pumps and powder metal components accounted for 20% (16% excluding the
  acquisition of Halla Stackpole) of the Group’s sales for FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: 17%).

  The Powertrain Cooling business, including the “GATE” brand, primarily engaged in the
  manufacture and sale of cooling fan modules for OEM and Tier 1 customers, accounted for
  19% of the Group’s sales for FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: 19%).




                                             87
Annual Report 2018



2. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Sales by geography
      Sales to external customers by region of destination were as follows:

                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                US$’000            US$’000

      Europe *                                                                               1,132,545           1,021,088
      North America **                                                                         876,300             818,460
      People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)                                                       856,858             690,882
      Asia (excluding PRC)                                                                     316,476             206,362
      South America                                                                             44,139              30,228
      Others                                                                                    10,242               9,081


                                                                                             3,236,560           2,776,101

      *   Included in Europe were sales to external customers in Germany of US$217.9 million and France of US$142.7 million for
          FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: US$223.3 million and US$130.7 million respectively).

      ** Included in North America were sales to external customers in USA of US$729.6 million for FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: US$703.5
         million).


      No single external customer contributed 10% or more of the total Group sales.

      Segment assets
      For FY2017/18, the additions to non-current assets (other than deferred tax assets, other
      financial assets and defined benefit pension plan assets) were US$341.6 million (FY2016/17:
      US$244.5 million) excluding the additions from acquisitions.

      The non-current assets (other than goodwill, deferred tax assets, other financial assets and
      defined benefit pension plan assets) by geographic location as of 31 March 2018 and 31
      March 2017 were as follows:

                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                US$’000            US$’000

      Hong Kong (“HK”) / PRC                                                                   619,880              447,596
      Canada                                                                                   454,280              393,682
      Switzerland                                                                              150,465              140,100
      Others                                                                                   414,028              326,759


                                                                                             1,638,653           1,308,137




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                            88
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                          Freehold land,       Machinery            Assets      Moulds
                                         leasehold land              and             under         and         Other
                                           and buildings       equipment       construction       tools       assets *       Total
                                               US$’000          US$’000           US$’000      US$’000      US$’000       US$’000

  As of 31 March 2016
  Cost                                         235,754          863,685            153,380     300,767      144,617      1,698,203
  Accumulated depreciation and
    impairment                                 (127,679)        (564,501)              (200)   (239,405)     (98,929) (1,030,714)

  Net book amount                              108,075          299,184            153,180      61,362       45,688       667,489

  FY2016/17

  As of 31 March 2016                          108,075          299,184            153,180      61,362       45,688       667,489
  Currency translations                          (3,909)         (14,254)            (6,671)     (3,484)      (1,168)      (29,486)
  Business combination and
     acquisition                                 31,343            5,867              3,004       1,165         861        42,240
  Buyout of a finance leased
     property                                     (3,644)               –                –           –            –         (3,644)
  Additions                                      11,037           35,150           175,424      15,844        7,102       244,557
  Transfer                                       28,969           93,436          (152,042)     21,778        7,859              –
  Disposals                                       (2,320)          (1,041)               –        (215)        (127)       (3,703)
  Provision for impairment
     (Note 23 & 27)                                (235)             (99)            (1,116)      (1,112)         (3)       (2,565)
  Depreciation (Note 23)                        (11,954)         (64,899)                 –     (27,207)     (11,422)     (115,482)

  As of 31 March 2017                          157,362          353,344            171,779      68,131       48,790       799,406

  As of 31 March 2017
  Cost                                         289,148          931,827            173,086     307,835      153,899      1,855,795
  Accumulated depreciation and
    impairment                                 (131,786)        (578,483)            (1,307)   (239,704)    (105,109) (1,056,389)

  Net book amount                              157,362          353,344            171,779      68,131       48,790       799,406

  *   Other assets comprise computers, furniture and fixtures, motor vehicles and aircraft.




                                                                89
Annual Report 2018



3. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
                                                Freehold land, Machinery      Assets                Moulds
                                               leasehold land        and       under                   and           Other
                                                 and buildings equipment construction                 tools         assets *          Total
                                                     US$’000    US$’000     US$’000                US$’000        US$’000          US$’000

      FY2017/18

      As of 31 March 2017                             157,362        353,344         171,779         68,131         48,790         799,406
      Currency translations                            12,309         34,721          14,151          8,213          2,524          71,918
      Business combination and
         acquisition **                                37,289         50,096           6,774            460          1,470          96,089
      Additions                                         5,882         62,524         201,702         22,702          7,157         299,967
      Transfer                                          8,677        125,348        (181,883)        39,455          8,403               –
      Disposals                                             –           (647)              –           (514)          (119)         (1,280)
      Provision for impairment
         (Note 23 & 27)                                     –           (5,381)               –        (689)           (10)         (6,080)
      Depreciation (Note 23)                          (13,097)         (82,439)               –     (35,621)       (13,509)       (144,666)

      As of 31 March 2018                             208,422          537,566       212,523        102,137         54,706       1,115,354

      As of 31 March 2018
      Cost                                            351,128 1,267,685              219,237       393,585        180,282        2,411,917
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                                   (142,706)      (730,119)          (6,714) (291,448)         (125,576) (1,296,563)

      Net book amount                                 208,422          537,566       212,523        102,137         54,706       1,115,354

      *   Other assets comprise computers, furniture and fixtures, motor vehicles and aircraft. Where such assets require some degree of
          assembly or installation, they are first recorded in assets under construction and are then transferred to other assets once they are
          ready for use.

      ** This includes acquisition of Halla Stackpole of US$69.0 million (see Note 28) and Stackpole’s subsequent acquisition of two
         previously leased properties of US$27.1 million.


      Freehold land is located in Europe, North America and South America.

      The Group begins depreciating an item of property, plant and equipment when it is available
      for use. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line
      method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as
      follows:

      Leasehold land                                                                     Shorter of lease term or useful life
      Buildings on leasehold land                                                        Shorter of lease term or useful life
      Buildings on freehold land                                                         10 to 50 years *
      Machinery, equipment, moulds and tools                                             2 to 12 years
      Furniture and fixtures and computers                                               3 to 10 years
      Motor vehicles                                                                     3 to 7 years
      Aircraft                                                                           25 years

      *   50 years for buildings in Hungary, Germany and Switzerland


Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                   90
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4. INVESTMENT PROPERTY

                                                                       2018            2017
                                                                     US$’000        US$’000

  At beginning of the year                                            93,385         91,530
  Currency translations                                                  714           (435)
  Fair value gains (Note 20 & 27)                                      1,625          1,218
  Capitalised expenditure                                              3,475          1,438
  Disposals                                                                –           (366)


  At end of the year                                                  99,199         93,385


  The Group’s investment property portfolio in HK/PRC was valued on an open market basis as
  of 31 March 2018. The appraisals were performed by independent, professionally qualified
  valuers, Chung, Chan & Associates, Chartered Surveyors.

  As of 31 March 2018, the Group’s investment property portfolio has tenancies expiring in the
  period from October 2018 to June 2027 (31 March 2017: from October 2018 to May 2027).




                                           91
Annual Report 2018



5. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                  Patents and
                                                                  engineering                       Client       Land use
                                          Goodwill    Technology development          Brands relationships          rights         Total
                                         US$’000        US$’000      US$’000         US$’000     US$’000         US$’000        US$’000

      As of 31 March 2016
      Cost                               692,328        171,677           28,192     104,032       290,089          4,579 1,290,897
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                           –       (95,418)        (11,615)     (25,634)      (73,001)        (1,824)    (207,492)

      Net book amount                    692,328          76,259          16,577       78,398      217,088          2,755 1,083,405

      FY2016/17

      As of 31 March 2016                692,328          76,259          16,577       78,398      217,088          2,755 1,083,405
      Currency translations               (22,407)         (2,157)         (1,066)      (2,425)      (7,578)         (157)   (35,790)
      Business combination                51,659 *          3,792             866            –       12,490             –     68,807
      Additions (Note 23)                       –               –           6,729            –            –             –      6,729
      Amortisation (Note 23 & 27)               –        (13,243)          (3,888)      (2,407)     (17,328)         (213)   (37,079)

      As of 31 March 2017                721,580          64,651          19,218       73,566      204,672          2,385 1,086,072

      As of 31 March 2017
      Cost                               721,580        170,025           36,120     100,646       292,011          4,310 1,324,692
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                           –      (105,374)        (16,902)     (27,080)      (87,339)        (1,925)    (238,620)

      Net book amount                    721,580          64,651          19,218       73,566      204,672          2,385 1,086,072

      FY2017/18

      As of 31 March 2017                721,580          64,651          19,218       73,566      204,672          2,385 1,086,072
      Currency translations               34,638           2,506           2,167        2,763        9,950            915    52,939
      Business combination
        (Note 28)                         33,728               –               –            –        25,374             –          59,102
      Additions (Note 23)                      –               –           8,726            –             –        12,476          21,202
      Amortisation (Note 23 & 27)              –         (13,583)         (5,412)      (2,449)      (19,019)         (216)        (40,679)

      As of 31 March 2018                789,946          53,574          24,699       73,880       220,977        15,560     1,178,636 **

      As of 31 March 2018
      Cost                               789,946        177,058           49,422     104,710       331,588         17,900 1,470,624
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                           –      (123,484)        (24,723)     (30,830)     (110,611)        (2,340)    (291,988)
      Net book amount                    789,946          53,574          24,699       73,880       220,977        15,560     1,178,636

      *   Adjustments to goodwill related to acquisition of AML during the remeasurement period (12 months from the date of acquisition).
          Details are set out in Note 28.

      ** Total intangible assets by underlying currencies as of 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017 are disclosed on the next page.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                  92
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Cont’d)
   Total intangible assets as of 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017 were denominated in the
   following underlying currencies.

                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                         US$’000         US$’000

   In CAD                                                                481,746         479,106
   In CHF                                                                439,906         437,195
   In USD                                                                 83,964          83,652
   In EUR                                                                 87,467          75,376
   In KRW                                                                 61,868               –
   In RMB                                                                 15,560           2,385
   In GBP                                                                  8,125           8,358


   Total intangible assets                                              1,178,636      1,086,072


   The amortisation charge was included in the “Selling and administrative expenses” in the
   consolidated income statement.

   Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over the estimated
   useful life. The estimated useful life for amortisation purposes is:

   Technology, patents and engineering development           4 to 20 years
   Brands                                                    25 years / indefinite
   Client relationships                                      15 to 20 years
   Land use rights                                           Shorter of remaining lease term or
                                                                useful life


   Impairment tests for brand with an indefinite useful life
   As of 31 March 2018, the carrying amount of the brand name “Stackpole”, considered to have
   an indefinite useful life, was US$41.0 million (31 March 2017: US$39.7 million).

   In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy on asset impairment, the carrying amount of
   the brand is reviewed and tested for impairment at least annually. The results of the review and
   test indicated that no impairment charge was necessary as of 31 March 2018.

   Impairment testing for the brand is based on its fair value less cost of disposal (level 3 of the
   HKFRS 13 fair value hierarchy). Key assumptions include a royalty rate of 0.75% (31 March
   2017: 0.75%) and a 2% perpetual growth rate (31 March 2017: 2%) for extrapolating cash
   flows over 5 years.




                                              93
Annual Report 2018



5. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Cont’d)
      Impairment test for goodwill
      Goodwill of the Group is managed at segment level for the purpose of testing goodwill
      impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 “Impairment of Assets”. Goodwill is tested annually for
      impairment or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential
      impairment. The impairment test for goodwill is carried out by comparing the recoverable
      amount (i.e. higher of value-in-use and the fair value less costs of disposal) of the segment
      assets to the carrying amount of those assets as of the balance sheet date.

      For the years ended 31 March 2018 and 2017, the recoverable amount of the Group is
      determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow
      projections based on the financial budget and future forecast respectively.

      Forecast profitability is based on past performance and expected future changes in costs and
      sales prices. Cash flow projections are based on long-range financial forecasts using an
      estimated sales growth rate of 6% until 2023 and a 2% perpetual growth rate thereafter
      (FY2016/17: 6% and 2% respectively) and operating margin of 10% (FY2016/17: 10%). Future
      cash flows are discounted at a pre-tax rate of 9% (equivalent to post-tax weighted average cost
      of capital of 8%) (FY2016/17: pre-tax rate of 9%).

      There was no evidence of impairment arising from tests of reasonable variations of the key
      assumptions used for the value-in-use calculations.


6. INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                             2018            2017
                                                                           US$’000        US$’000

      At beginning of the year                                              39,799          37,897
      Currency translations                                                    158              88
      Share of associates’ profit for the year                               1,147           4,756
      Share of other comprehensive expenses of associates
        (Note 19)                                                                 –          (2,394)
      Dividends received                                                     (1,014)           (548)
      Acquisition of an associate                                           (36,642)              –

      At end of the year                                                      3,448         39,799

      Details of associate are shown in Note 38.

      On 16 May 2017, the Group acquired an additional 50% equity interest in Halla Stackpole
      Corporation (“HSC”), a 30% associate previously held by the Group, from Halla Holdings
      Corporation. For details please refer to Note 28.

      The remaining investment in associate represents the 49% equity interest in Shenzhen SMART
      Micromotor Co Ltd (“SMART”), which is accounted for using the equity method.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  94
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                        2018                                  2017
                                                            Assets    (Liabilities)       Net      Assets   (Liabilities)       Net
                                                          US$’000       US$’000       US$’000    US$’000     US$’000        US$’000

   Cash flow hedge
      – raw material commodity contracts (Note a (i))      29,316           (917)      28,399     14,916       (8,094)        6,822
      – forward foreign currency exchange contracts
         (Note a (ii))                                    108,089       (28,731)       79,358    160,476    (129,252)        31,224
   Net investment hedge (Note b)
      – forward foreign currency exchange contracts
         to hedge European subsidiaries                    10,743        (5,003)        5,740     32,106              –      32,106
      – cross currency interest rate swaps                      –       (19,417)      (19,417)     3,029              –       3,029
   Fair value hedge (Note c)
      – forward foreign currency exchange contracts
         to hedge CAD intercompany loan interest            1,404               –       1,404        437              –         437
      – cross currency interest rate swaps                      –             (73)        (73)         –              –           –
   Held for trading (Note d)                                2,246              (5)      2,241      1,595            (12)      1,583


   Total (Note e)                                         151,798       (54,146)       97,652    212,559    (137,358)        75,201


   Current portion                                         40,361       (12,200)       28,161     53,189      (28,015)       25,174
   Non-current portion                                    111,437       (41,946)       69,491    159,370    (109,343)        50,027

   Total                                                  151,798       (54,146)       97,652    212,559    (137,358)        75,201


   Note:

   (a)      Cash flow hedge

            (i)      Raw material commodity contracts
                     Copper, silver, aluminium, iron ore and coking coal forward commodity contracts as
                     per the table on the following page are designated as cash flow hedges. Gains and
                     losses initially recognised in the hedging reserve will be transferred to the balance
                     sheet within inventories and subsequently recognised in the income statement in
                     the period or periods in which the underlying hedged copper, silver, aluminium and
                     steel (by iron ore and coking coal contracts) volumes are consumed and sold.




                                                                 95
Annual Report 2018



7. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
      (a)   Cash flow hedge (Cont’d)

            (i)    Raw material commodity contracts (Cont’d)
                   As of 31 March 2018, the Group had the following outstanding raw material
                   commodity contracts:

                                                                                                                          Assets/
                                                                            Weighted                                  (liabilities),
                                                                             average             Mark-to- Remaining             net
                                                                Settlement contract      Spot     market maturities       carrying
                                                       Notional       value     price    price       rate    range           value
                                                       amount (US$ million)    (US$)    (US$)      (US$) (months)      (US$’000)

                   Cash flow hedge contracts
                   Copper commodity          28,425 metric ton       165.9     5,837    6,685     6,750     1 – 51        25,956
                   Silver commodity                430,000 oz          7.1     16.55    16.28     16.71     1 – 30             68
                   Aluminium commodity          475 metric ton         1.0     2,072    1,997     2,011     1 – 12            (29)
                   Iron ore commodity        153,500 metric ton        7.3        48       63        59    10 – 36         1,725
                   Coking coal commodity 43,500 metric ton             6.6       152      189       168    13 – 36           679

                   Total                                                                                                  28,399



            (ii)   Forward foreign currency exchange contracts
                   The EUR, RMB, HUF, PLN, CAD, RSD, ILS, JPY, CHF and MXN forward foreign
                   currency exchange contracts as per the table on the following page are designated
                   as cash flow hedges. The Group has sales in EUR and JPY, thus it entered into
                   EUR and JPY forward foreign currency exchange contracts. The Group incurs the
                   majority of its operating expenses (including conversion costs) in domestic
                   currencies in China, Hungary, Poland, Switzerland, Mexico, Serbia and Israel, hence,
                   it entered into forward foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge these
                   expenses. The Group also entered into sell CAD forward foreign currency exchange
                   contracts to hedge the material purchases in USD for its operations in Canada.
                   Gains and losses initially recognised in the hedging reserve will be recognised in
                   the income statement in the period or periods in which the underlying hedged
                   transactions occur (cash realisation).




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                            96
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
   (a)   Cash flow hedge (Cont’d)

         (ii)        Forward foreign currency exchange contracts (Cont’d)
                     As of 31 March 2018, the Group had the following outstanding forward foreign
                     currency exchange contracts:

                                                                                                                                               Assets/
                                                                                                                             Settlement    (liabilities),
                                                                          Weighted                           Remaining          value in             net
                                                              Notional     average                Mark-to-   maturities             USD        carrying
                                         Settlement             value      contract       Spot     market        range        equivalent          value
                                           currency           (million)        rate *     rate       rate     (months)     (US$ million)    (US$’000)

                      Cash flow hedge contracts
                      Sell EUR forward          USD        EUR 575.9         1.42         1.23      1.34         1 – 84          816.8         46,286
                      Buy RMB forward           USD     RMB 6,862.6          6.69         6.28      6.48         1 – 69        1,026.2         32,227
                      Buy HUF forward           EUR     HUF 42,348.4       333.61       312.39    317.44         1 – 60          156.2           7,959
                      Buy PLN forward           EUR        PLN 596.6         4.64         4.20      4.45         1 – 60          158.4           6,797
                      Sell CAD forward          USD        CAD 223.0         1.25         1.29      1.28         5 – 45          178.4           3,892
                      Buy RSD forward           EUR      RSD 3,985.0       124.15       118.35    121.28         1 – 24           39.5             934
                      Buy ILS forward           USD            ILS 2.5       3.50         3.51      3.50          1–2              0.7              (1)
                      Sell JPY forward          USD         JPY 108.0      114.76       106.84    105.66          1–6              0.9             (81)
                      Buy CHF forward           EUR        CHF 145.5         1.11         1.18      1.17         1 – 18          161.9         (9,154)
                      Buy MXN forward           USD      MXN 2,365.4        19.34        18.27     20.97         1 – 72          122.3          (9,501)

                      Total                                                                                                                    79,358

                     *   Weighted average contract rate is a ratio defined as notional value / settlement value. The EUR to USD is stated
                         in the inverse order.


   (b)   Net investment hedge
         The EUR forward foreign currency exchange contracts and cross currency interest rate
         swaps as per the table below are designated as net investment hedges. Gains and
         losses recognised in the exchange reserve will be released from equity to profit and loss
         on the disposal or partial disposal of the foreign operations.

         As of 31 March 2018, the Group had the following outstanding contracts:

                                                                                                                                               Assets/
                                                                                                                            Settlement     (liabilities),
                                                                          Weighted                           Remaining         value in              net
                                                              Notional     average               Mark-to-    maturities            USD         carrying
                                               Settlement       value      contract Spot          market         range       equivalent           value
                                                 currency     (million)        rate * rate          rate      (months)    (US$ million)     (US$’000)

          Net investment hedge contracts
          Sell EUR forward                           USD    EUR 133.0         1.38       1.23       1.34        6 – 81          183.7           5,740
          Cross currency interest rate swaps
            (pay EUR, receive USD)                  USD     EUR 130.6         1.11       1.23       1.26       34 – 46          145.0         (19,417)


         *      Weighted average contract rate is a ratio defined as notional value / settlement value. The EUR to USD is stated in the
                inverse order.




                                                                   97
Annual Report 2018



7. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
      (c)   Fair value hedge
            The CAD forward foreign currency exchange contracts as per the table below are
            designated as a fair value hedge to hedge the CAD intercompany loan interest balance.
            The HKD cross currency swap contracts are designated to hedge the HKD loan balance.
            Gains and losses are recognised in the income statement.

            As of 31 March 2018, the Group had the following outstanding contracts:

                                                                                                                                      Assets./
                                                                                                                     Settlement    (liabilities),
                                                                        Weighted                     Remaining          value in             net
                                                            Notional     average            Mark-to- maturities             USD        carrying
                                              Settlement      value      contract      Spot market       range        equivalent          value
                                                currency    (million)        rate *    rate    rate (months)       (US$ million)    (US$’000)

             Fair value hedge contracts
             Sell CAD forward                       USD    CAD 57.3         1.25       1.29     1.29      1 – 19           45.9         1,404
             Cross currency interest rate
               swaps (pay USD, receive
               HKD)                                 USD HKD 156.5           7.83       7.85     7.85          5            20.0             (73)


            *   Weighted average contract rate is a ratio defined as notional value / settlement value.


      (d)   Held for trading
            For currency contracts designated as held for trading, fair value gains and losses on the
            forward contracts are immediately recognised in the income statement. The net fair value
            changes recognised in the income statement were not material.

            As of 31 March 2018, the Group had the following outstanding contracts:

                                                                                                                Settlement
                                                                        Weighted                     Remaining     value in Assets, net
                                                           Notional      average            Mark-to- maturities        USD     carrying
                                            Settlement       value       contract      Spot market       range   equivalent      value
                                             currency      (million)         rate *    rate    rate (months) (US$ million) (US$’000)

             Held for trading contracts
             Buy INR forward                     USD INR 1,799.2          78.91       65.27   71.87       1 - 56          22.8          2,235
             Buy HKD structured forward          USD    HKD 86.4           7.85        7.85    7.85       1 - 11          11.0              6

             Total                                                                                                                      2,241


            *   Weighted average contract rate is a ratio defined as notional value / settlement value.


      (e)   The maximum exposure of other financial assets to credit risk at the reporting date was
            the fair value in the balance sheet.

      (f)   The income statement effect from raw material commodity and foreign currency exchange
            contracts and the cross currency interest rate swaps recognised in FY2017/18 was a net
            gain of US$23.9 million (FY2016/17: net gain of US$1.8 million).




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                   98
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
   (g)     As of 31 March 2018, the balance in the exchange reserve for continuing hedges that
           are accounted for as a net investment hedge was US$15.5 million (31 March 2017:
           US$57.2 million).

   (h)     Estimate of future cash flow
           In terms of estimating future cash flow, the contracts’ rate at maturity compared to the
           spot rate for the currency and commodity agreements as of 31 March 2018 would result
           in approximately US$230 million cash flow benefit (31 March 2017: US$211 million).


8. FINANCIAL ASSETS / LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE
   THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS

                                                                    2018                                  2017
                                                       Assets    (Liabilities)       Net      Assets   (Liabilities)       Net
                                                     US$’000       US$’000       US$’000    US$’000     US$’000        US$’000

   Fair value of a call option related to the
     acquisition of Halla Stackpole (Note a)           2,511             –         2,511          –              –           –
   Structured foreign currency contracts (Note b)      4,793       (36,738)      (31,945)         –              –           –


   Total                                               7,304       (36,738)      (29,434)         –              –           –


   Current portion                                        63           (78)          (15)         –              –           –
   Non-current portion                                 7,241       (36,660)      (29,419)         –              –           –


   Total                                               7,304       (36,738)      (29,434)         –              –           –


   Note:

   (a)     Fair value of a call option related to the acquisition of Halla Stackpole
           The Group has been granted a call option in which the Group shall have the right to
           require Halla Holdings Corporation to sell all of its rights to the Group, exercisable at any
           time during a 4-year period immediately following the expiry of the Put Exercise Period.
           Please see details in Note 28.




                                                            99
Annual Report 2018



8. FINANCIAL ASSETS / LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE
   THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Cont’d)
      (b)   Structured foreign currency contracts (economic hedge)
            The Group assesses its hedging position requirements based on the estimated future
            exposures of the underlying transactions and the potential fluctuation of the foreign
            currencies.

            During the year, the Group entered into structured foreign currency contracts for economic
            hedging purposes, for mitigating potential future risks from changes in currency exchange
            rates. These structured contracts achieved exchange rates that were not available at the
            time using plain vanilla contracts. These contracts are intended to minimise the currency
            exposure for the Group’s sales denominated in EUR, its net investment in Europe
            denominated in EUR, purchases denominated in USD for its operations in Canada and
            RMB expenses for its operations in China. These contracts have option features written
            to the counterparty banks, which potentially reduce the notional value to be delivered.
            Therefore, they do not qualify for hedge accounting under HKFRS 9. Consequently, the
            unrealised mark-to-market adjustments flow through the income statement in each
            accounting year and will eventually reverse on settlement at the various option expiration
            dates. The final realised gain or loss for each contract will crystallise based on the
            prevailing spot rate at the date of maturity versus the contract rate. The weighted average
            contract rates are shown on the next page.

            The Group considers these contracts as economic hedges, since the contracts are able
            to mitigate the risk of foreign exchange movements in underlying transactions and
            assets. The maximum deliverable amounts of the structured foreign currency contracts
            will not exceed the Group’s future needs. The Group’s exposure to EUR, RMB and CAD
            cash flows over the remaining maturity periods is summarised below:

                                                                                    Sell EUR     Buy RMB                  Sell CAD
                                                                                (EUR million) (RMB million)           (CAD million)

             Hedge – by plain vanilla                                                   575.9            6,862.6            223.0

             Economic hedge – by structured forward
               – minimum possible hedge                                                 174.8              208.0              41.9
               – maximum possible hedge                                                 346.6              416.0              87.6

             Hedged %*
               – Plain vanilla                                                             53%                42%             45%
               – Plain vanilla and structured forward – minimum                            69%                44%             53%
               – Plain vanilla and structured forward – maximum                            84%                45%             63%

            *   The hedged % is based on actual requirements in FY2017/18 and therefore does not factor in future growth.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                             100
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8. FINANCIAL ASSETS / LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE
   THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Cont’d)
  (b)   Structured foreign currency contracts (economic hedge) (Cont’d)
        As of 31 March 2018, the Group had the following structured foreign currency contracts:

                                                                                                                                   Assets /
                                                                                                                                (liabilities),
                                                                   Notional       Notional         Range Weighted Remaining               net
                                                                     value –       value –             of average maturities        carrying
                                                     Settlement    minimum       maximum         contract contract     range           value
                                Option features        currency     (million)     (million)         rates     rate* (months)     (US$’000)

        Structured foreign currency contracts

                               Reduction of
        Sell EUR (for sales)     notional amount           USD    EUR 174.8     EUR 346.6     1.30 – 1.39    1.35     28 – 77     (28,013)
        Sell EUR               Reduction of
          (for net investment)   notional amount           USD     EUR 50.0     EUR 100.0     1.36 – 1.40    1.38     57 – 81       (8,457)
                               Reduction of
        Sell CAD                 notional amount           USD     CAD 41.9      CAD 87.6     1.25 – 1.30    1.27      1 – 21         (204)
                               Reduction of
        Buy RMB                  notional amount           USD RMB 208.0 RMB 416.0            8.00 – 8.01    8.00     46 – 62        4,729

        Total                                                                                                                     (31,945)


        *   Weighted average contract rate is a ratio defined as notional value / settlement value. The EUR to USD is stated in the
            inverse order.


        The latest structured foreign currency contract was entered on 11 August 2017.

        Sensitivity
        As of 31 March 2018, a 1% change in the exchange rate for EUR, RMB and CAD
        respectively against the USD will have the following impact to the Group’s income
        statement:

                                                       Profit before income tax increase / (decrease)
                                                    EUR contracts         RMB contracts          CAD contracts

        Increase by 1%                            US$(4.1) million                US$(0.3) million                  US$(0.4) million

        Decrease by 1%                             US$4.5 million                   US$0.3 million                   US$1.0 million

        Due to the non-linear characteristics of these structured foreign exchange contracts, the
        incremental fair value change due to the fluctuation of the foreign currency will decrease
        (i.e. the fair value change of a 2% change in exchange rate is less than twice of 1%
        change in exchange rate).

        Estimate of future cash flow
        In terms of estimating future cash flow, the structured contract rates at maturity
        compared to spot rates as of 31 March 2018 would give rise to a cash flow benefit of
        approximately US$36 million (assuming minimum delivery for EUR and RMB contracts
        and a mixture of minimum and maximum delivery for CAD contracts depending on the
        contract delivery rate).



                                                              101
Annual Report 2018



9. INVENTORIES

                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                               US$’000         US$’000


      Raw materials                                                            206,832         140,670
      Finished goods                                                           193,933         172,445


                                                                               400,765         313,115


      The Group’s inventories were valued at the lower of actual cost on a first-in-first-out basis (FIFO)
      or net realisable value.


10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                               US$’000         US$’000

      Trade receivables – gross                                                641,837         520,620
      Less: impairment of trade receivables                                       (500)         (4,736)

      Trade receivables – net                                                  641,337         515,884
      Prepayments and other receivables                                        130,075          98,767

                                                                               771,412         614,651


      All trade and other receivables were due within one year from the end of the reporting period.
      Accordingly, the fair value of the Group’s trade and other receivables was approximately equal to
      the carrying value.

      Ageing of gross trade receivables

      (a)   The ageing of gross trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                               US$’000         US$’000

            0 – 30 days                                                        315,339         249,578
            31 – 90 days                                                       289,748         246,235
            Over 90 days                                                        36,750          24,807

            Total                                                              641,837         520,620




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 102
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont’d)
   Ageing of gross trade receivables (Cont’d)

   (b)     The Group normally grants credit terms ranging from 30 to 105 days to its trade
           customers. The ageing of gross trade receivables based on overdue date was as follows:

                                                                          2018            2017
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000

           Current                                                      593,672         481,825
           1 – 30 days overdue                                           36,251          25,937
           31 – 90 days overdue                                           7,800           7,782
           Over 90 days overdue                                           4,114           5,076

           Total                                                        641,837         520,620


   There was no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a
   large number of customers and no single customer represents 10% or more of total
   receivables.

   The carrying amount of the Group’s trade receivables was denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                          2018            2017
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000

   RMB                                                                  193,812         129,207
   USD                                                                  190,386         172,398
   EUR                                                                  183,107         163,069
   CAD                                                                   44,276          43,861
   Others                                                                30,256          12,085

   Total                                                                641,837         520,620


   Ageing of overdue trade receivables but not impaired
   The Group has credit policies in place to review the credit worthiness of all existing and
   potential customers. As of 31 March 2018, trade receivables of US$47.7 million (31 March
   2017: US$34.1 million) were overdue but not impaired. Management assessed the credit
   quality of this US$47.7 million by reference to the repayment history and current financial
   position of the customers. Management believes that no provision for impairment is necessary
   and these balances are expected to be fully recovered.




                                                103
Annual Report 2018



10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont’d)
      Ageing of overdue trade receivables but not impaired (Cont’d)
      The ageing of these overdue trade receivables but not impaired was as follows:

                                                                            2018            2017
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000

      1 – 30 days overdue                                                   36,251         25,591
      31 – 90 days overdue                                                   7,800          7,782
      Over 90 days overdue                                                   3,614            686

      Total                                                                 47,665         34,059



      Impairment of trade receivables
      As of 31 March 2018, trade receivables of US$0.5 million (31 March 2017: US$4.7 million) were
      impaired. The ageing of these receivables was as follows:

                                                                            2018            2017
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000

      1 – 30 days overdue                                                        –            347
      Over 90 days overdue                                                     500          4,389

      Total                                                                    500          4,736


      Movements on the impairment of trade receivables were as follows:

                                                                            2018            2017
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000

      At beginning of the year                                               4,736          2,073
      Currency translations                                                    315             (74)
      Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible                 (57)          (448)
      (Written back of impairment) / impairment of trade receivables /
        bad debt expense (Note 23)                                          (4,494)         3,185

      At end of the year                                                       500          4,736


      The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of the receivables
      mentioned above.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                104
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED
    DEPOSITS

                                                                  2018           2017
                                                                US$’000       US$’000

  Cash at bank and in hand                                      154,736       119,840
  Short term bank deposits                                       14,206         7,849

  Total cash and cash equivalents                               168,942       127,689

  Pledged deposits                                                     –         4,747


  The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits are
  denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                  2018           2017
                                                                US$’000       US$’000

  RMB                                                             50,895        40,353
  EUR                                                             48,814        35,295
  USD                                                             33,102        28,689
  KRW                                                             12,604             –
  CAD                                                                395        14,142
  Others                                                          23,132        13,957

  Total                                                         168,942       132,436




                                          105
Annual Report 2018



12. TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                             2018            2017
                                                                           US$’000        US$’000

      Trade payables                                                       357,315         288,262


      The fair value of the Group’s trade payables was approximately equal to the carrying value. The
      ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                             2018            2017
                                                                           US$’000        US$’000

      0 – 60 days                                                          274,047         220,081
      61 – 90 days                                                          58,405          45,520
      Over 90 days                                                          24,863          22,661

      Total                                                                357,315         288,262


      The carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables was denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                             2018            2017
                                                                           US$’000        US$’000

      RMB                                                                  132,232         108,720
      USD                                                                  101,093          80,143
      EUR                                                                   88,719          70,384
      HKD                                                                   20,812          20,052
      CAD                                                                    3,144           4,150
      Others                                                                11,315           4,813

      Total                                                                357,315         288,262




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited               106
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13. BORROWINGS

                                                                           2018            2017
                                                                         US$’000        US$’000

  Loans based on trade receivables (Note a)                               76,000          61,710
  Loan from International Finance Corporation (“IFC”) (Note b)            74,385          74,279
  Other borrowings – Non-current                                          40,670          30,254
                   – Current                                              88,111          10,118

  Total borrowings (Note c)                                              279,166        176,361


  Current borrowings                                                     126,110          26,128


  Non-current borrowings                                                 153,056        150,233


  Note:

  (a)     Subsidiary companies have borrowed US$76.0 million based on trade receivables in the
          USA, Hong Kong and Europe as of 31 March 2018 (31 March 2017: US$61.7 million).
          These loans are placed such that the interest expense will match the geography of the
          operating income as follows:

          •   Unsecured borrowings in the USA of US$46.0 million, with a covenant that trade
              receivables shall not be pledged to any parties (31 March 2017: US$32.0 million).

          •   Unsecured borrowings in Hong Kong of US$30.0 million with a covenant that trade
              receivables shall not be pledged to any parties (31 March 2017: US$13.7 million).

          •   Europe repaid the borrowings during the year (31 March 2017: US$16.0 million
              (EUR15.0 million)).

  (b)     Loan from IFC – US$74.4 million (principal US$75.0 million less US$0.6 million
          transaction costs) was drawn down in January 2016. This is an 8-year loan for projects in
          Serbia, Mexico, Brazil and India with quarterly repayments beginning from April 2019 and
          with final maturity date of 15 January 2024.

  (c)     Total borrowing increased by US$102.8 million due to the acquisition of a controlling
          interest in HSC and the need to fund organic business growth.




                                              107
Annual Report 2018



13. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
      The maturity of borrowings was as follows:
                                             Bank borrowings                   Other loans
                                             2018             2017           2018               2017
                                           US$’000         US$’000         US$’000           US$’000

      Less than 1 year                     124,776          25,510           1,334               618
      1 – 2 years                           58,332          31,200          31,296               480
      2 – 5 years                            2,488          35,000          45,371            53,743
      Over 5 years                               –               –          15,569            29,810

                                           185,596          91,710          93,570            84,651


      As of 31 March 2018, the interest rate charged on outstanding balances ranged from 0.6% to
      6.0% per annum (31 March 2017: 0.5% to 6.0% per annum) and the weighted average effective
      interest rate of the borrowings was approximately 1.6% (31 March 2017: 0.6%). Interest
      expense is disclosed in Note 22.

      Johnson Electric subscribes to both Moody’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s Ratings
      Services (S&P) for independent long-term credit ratings. As of 31 March 2018, the Group
      maintained investment grade ratings from both agencies. Moody’s was Baa1 and S&P was BBB.
      These ratings represent the Group’s solid market position, stable profitability and prudent
      financial leverage.

      The fair value of borrowings approximately equals their carrying amount, since the majority of
      the borrowings have floating interest rates. The fair values are based on cash flows discounted
      using a rate based on the borrowing rate and are within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

      The carrying amounts of the borrowings were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                             2018               2017
                                                                           US$’000           US$’000

      USD                                                                  200,452           151,418
      CAD                                                                   58,587             8,619
      HKD                                                                   19,944                 –
      EUR                                                                      183            16,324

      Total borrowings                                                     279,166           176,361




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  108
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

                                                                          2018            2017
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000

  Convertible Bonds (Liability component)                               213,018        207,610


  JEHL issued convertible bonds with an aggregate principal amount of US$200 million on 2 April
  2014. These convertible bonds bear interest as a cash coupon at the rate of 1% per annum,
  payable semi-annually. They have a maturity of 7 years to 2 April 2021 and a 5 year put option
  for the bondholders. The bondholders have the option of requiring JEHL to redeem all or some
  of the convertible bonds on 2 April 2019 at 109.31% of the principal amount. Otherwise,
  unless previously redeemed, converted or purchased and cancelled, JEHL will redeem each
  convertible bond at 113.41% of its principal amount on the maturity date. The effective interest
  rate of the liability component is 3.57%.

  The bondholders have the right to convert their bonds into ordinary shares of JEHL at the
  conversion price at any time on or after 13 May 2014 up to the maturity date. No such
  conversions had occurred as of 31 March 2018.

  With effect from 27 July 2017, the conversion price was adjusted to HK$38.12 per share as a
  result of the interim and final dividend for FY2016/17. The conversion price was not adjusted
  for the interim dividend for FY2017/18 since this event fell below the 1% threshold for
  adjustment as per the terms and conditions of the Bond Offering. The effect of this interim
  dividend will be accumulated and included in the next adjustment to the conversion price.

  The fair value of the liability component of the Group’s convertible bonds was approximately
  equal to its carrying value as of 31 March 2018. The fair values of convertible bonds are within
  level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.




                                            109
Annual Report 2018



15. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
                                                                                        Defined contribution
                                                                                             pension plans
                                                                    Defined benefit       and long service
                                                                     pension plans                 payment                     Total
                                                                          US$’000                 US$’000                   US$’000


      FY2016/17

      As of 31 March 2016                                                  19,581                      4,009                  23,590
      Currency translations                                                  (833)                        12                    (821)
      Business combination                                                  1,879                          –                   1,879
      Charges                                                               3,798                      4,592                   8,390
      Utilisations                                                         (4,647)                    (5,100)                 (9,747)
      Remeasurements (Note 19) *                                            7,795                       (308)                  7,487


      As of 31 March 2017                                                  27,573                      3,205                  30,778


      Retirement benefit obligations:
      Current portion                                                            –                       474                     474
      Non-current portion                                                  36,925                      2,731                  39,656

      Defined benefit pension plan assets:
      Non-current portion                                                   (9,352)                          –                 (9,352)


      As of 31 March 2017                                                  27,573                      3,205                  30,778


      FY2017/18

      As of 31 March 2017                                                  27,573                      3,205                  30,778
      Currency translations                                                 4,369                         67                   4,436
      Business combination (Note 28)                                        8,533                          –                   8,533
      Charges                                                               7,066                      5,781                  12,847
      Utilisations                                                         (4,961)                    (5,202)                (10,163)
      Remeasurements (Note 19) *                                          (12,931)                      (585)                (13,516)


      As of 31 March 2018                                                  29,649 **                    3,266                 32,915


      Retirement benefit obligations:
      Current portion                                                            –                       492                     492
      Non-current portion                                                  51,432                      2,774                  54,206

      Defined benefit pension plan assets:
      Non-current portion                                                 (21,783)                           –               (21,783)


      As of 31 March 2018                                                  29,649                       3,266                 32,915


      *   Remeasurements represent actuarial (gains) and losses.

      ** The retirement benefit obligations were mainly denominated in CHF, GBP, EUR, CAD and KRW as of 31 March 2018. These retirement
         benefit obligations of US$29.6 million (31 March 2017: US$27.6 million) comprised gross present value of obligations of US$182.2
         million (31 March 2017: US$161.9 million) less fair value of plan assets of US$152.6 million (31 March 2017: US$134.3 million).




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                  110
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Cont’d)
   15.1 Defined benefit pension plans
        The Group operates defined benefit pension plans in various countries, providing benefits
        to members in the form of a guaranteed level of pension payable for life. These defined
        benefit plans are valued by independent external actuaries using the projected unit credit
        method.

         The Group’s defined benefit plans provide pensions to employees after meeting specific
         retirement ages / periods of service. Pensions are based on specific pension rates
         applied to each participating employee’s years of service. The assets of funded plans are
         held independently of the Group’s assets in separate trustee administered funds.

         The amounts recognised in the balance sheet were determined as follows:

                                                                          2018            2017
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000

         Present value of obligations that are funded                   155,227         147,007
         Present value of obligations that are unfunded                  27,042          14,922

         Gross present value of obligations                             182,269         161,929
         Less : Fair value of plan (assets)                            (152,620)       (134,356)

         Total retirement benefit obligations – net liability            29,649          27,573


         Represented by:
         Defined benefit pension plan (assets)                           (21,783)         (9,352)
         Retirement benefit obligations                                   51,432         36,925




                                                111
Annual Report 2018



15. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Cont’d)
      15.1 Defined benefit pension plans (Cont’d)
           The movement of the retirement benefit obligations was as follows:

                                                                                 Present value       Fair value of           Total
                                                                                 of obligations     plan (assets)     net liability
                                                                                     US$’000             US$’000       US$’000

            As of 31 March 2016                                                       149,734          (130,153)         19,581

            Current service cost                                                         4,669                 –           4,669
            Interest cost / (income)                                                     2,594            (2,472) *          122
            Past service cost                                                             (993)                –            (993)

            Net cost / (income) to the income statement (Note 23)                        6,270            (2,472)          3,798
            Remeasurements:
              – Losses from change in financial assumptions                             8,782                  –          8,782
              – Experience losses                                                      11,385                 37         11,422
              – Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in
                interest income                                                               –         (12,409)         (12,409)


            Losses / (gains) recognised in equity (Note 19)                            20,167           (12,372)           7,795
            Currency translations                                                     (10,013)             9,180            (833)
            Contributions by plan participants                                           2,328            (2,328)              –
            Contributions by employer                                                        –            (3,819)         (3,819)
            Business combination                                                         1,879                 –           1,879
            Benefits paid                                                               (8,436)            7,608            (828)

            As of 31 March 2017                                                       161,929          (134,356)         27,573

            As of 31 March 2017                                                       161,929          (134,356)         27,573
            Current service cost                                                         6,715                 –           6,715
            Interest cost / (income)                                                     2,975            (2,624) *          351

            Net cost / (income) to the income statement (Note 23)                        9,690            (2,624)          7,066

            Remeasurements:
              – Gains from change in demographic assumptions                              (970)                 –           (970)
              – Gains from change in financial assumptions                              (7,110)                 –         (7,110)
              – Experience gains                                                        (1,211)               (39)        (1,250)
              – Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in
                interest income                                                               –           (3,601)         (3,601)


            Gains recognised in equity (Note 19)                                        (9,291)           (3,640)        (12,931)
            Currency translations                                                      12,964             (8,595)          4,369
            Contributions by plan participants                                           2,529            (2,529)              –
            Contributions by employer                                                        –            (4,118)         (4,118)
            Business combination                                                       10,820             (2,287)          8,533
            Benefits paid                                                               (6,372)            5,529            (843)

            As of 31 March 2018                                                       182,269          (152,620)          29,649


            *   The interest income on plan assets was calculated at discount rates shown on the next page.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                             112
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Cont’d)
   15.1 Defined benefit pension plans (Cont’d)
        The principal actuarial assumptions used were as follows:

                                                                              2018             2017
                                                                         Percentage       Percentage

         Discount rate                                                 1.0% – 4.2%      0.5% – 3.5%
         Future pension obligation growth rate                           0% – 2.6%        0% – 2.7%

         Future pension obligation growth rate is primarily related to the statutory inflation rates.

         Sensitivity analysis
         The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the weighted principal
         assumptions was:

                                                                           Impact on
                                                                   defined benefit obligations
                                                                    Increase in          Decrease in
                                                                    assumption           assumption

         Discount rate – change by 0.5%                 Decrease by 6.2%           Increase by 6.8%
         Future pension growth rate – increase by 0.25% Increase by 1.4%          Decrease by 1.3%

         This is based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions
         constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions
         may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to
         significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of the defined benefit
         obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting
         period) has been applied as when calculating the pension liability recognised in the
         balance sheet.

         The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not
         change compared to the previous year.

         During the year, the present value of funded defined benefit obligations increased due to
         the effect of currency translations and the acquisition of HSC, partially offset by
         remeasurement gains. These remeasurement gains arose from changes in financial
         assumptions due to changes in the discount rates as follow:

                                                                              2018             2017
                                                                         Percentage       Percentage

         Switzerland                                                           1.0%              0.5%
         United Kingdom                                                        2.6%              2.6%
         Canada                                                                3.4%              3.5%
         Germany                                                               2.1%              1.7%




                                               113
Annual Report 2018



15. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Cont’d)
      15.1 Defined benefit pension plans (Cont’d)
           The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligations is 17.4 years (31 March
           2017: 18.4 years).

            The expected maturity of undiscounted pension benefits as of 31 March 2018 and 31
            March 2017 was:

                                                                            2018            2017
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000

            Less than 1 year                                                4,615          4,192
            1 – 2 years                                                     5,254          4,476
            2 – 5 years                                                    15,121         11,961
            Over 5 years                                                  281,290        254,632

                                                                          306,280        275,261

            Plan assets
            Plan assets comprised the following:

                                                    2018                        2017
                                              US$’000   Percentage        US$’000   Percentage

            Quoted
            Equities
              Asia                                  1,190        1%          4,066            3%
              Europe                               13,354        9%         16,534           12%
              Americas                              1,855        1%          7,808            6%
              Global                               26,084       17%         19,598           14%

            Bonds
              Asia                                  2,560        2%              –             –
              Europe                               48,192       32%         34,978           26%
              Americas                             18,380       12%          1,272            1%
              Global                               11,296        7%         29,298           22%

            Others
              Europe                                7,453         5%         5,586            4%
              Global                               13,104         9%         7,720            6%

                                              143,468           95%       126,860            94%
            Unquoted
            Property investment – Europe            8,863         5%         5,010            4%
            Property investment – Global                –          –         2,125            2%
            Others – Europe                           289         0%           361            0%

                                                    9,152         5%         7,496            6%

                                              152,620          100%       134,356           100%




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited              114
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Cont’d)
   15.1 Defined benefit pension plans (Cont’d)
        Plan assets (Cont’d)
        The plan asset mix is established through consideration of many factors including
        assumptions of tolerance for fluctuations in market values, portfolio diversification and the
        targeted long term rate of return for the assets. Foreign exchange risk is inherent in the
        asset mix policy and foreign currency fluctuations may significantly affect the return on the
        assets held by the trustees of the funds.

         Asset-liability matching has been undertaken to reduce risk.

         For the pension plan in Switzerland, Swiss law prescribes ranges of percentages within
         which the assets have to be invested (bank, shares, bonds, real estate, etc.). This is to
         ensure a segregation of risk.

         For the pension plan in the United Kingdom, the trustees of the scheme invest the assets
         in line with the statement of investment principles, which was established taking into
         consideration the liabilities of the scheme and the investment risk that the trustees are
         willing to accept. The trustees are required to carry out regular scheme funding valuations
         and establish a schedule of contributions and a recovery plan if there is a shortfall in the
         scheme.

         The Group expects to make contributions of US$3.3 million to post-employment benefit
         plans for fiscal year FY2018/19 (FY2017/18: US$3.9 million).

   15.2 Defined contribution pension plans
        The largest defined contribution schemes are in Hong Kong where the Group operates two
        defined contribution schemes. These comply with all the respective requirements under
        the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance (“ORSO”) and the Mandatory Provident
        Fund (“MPF”) Ordinance. All scheme assets are held separately from the Group in
        independently administered funds. Contributions to the MPF Scheme follow the MPF
        Ordinance while contributions made by the employer to the ORSO Scheme range between
        5% and 12% of basic salary depending on level and years of service.

         If employees leave the ORSO scheme prior to the contributions fully vesting, these may be
         forfeited and the charge to income statement reduced accordingly. There were no forfeited
         contributions as of 31 March 2018 (31 March 2017: nil).

         The Group also operates other defined contribution retirement schemes which are
         available to certain employees in the United States of America, PRC, the United Kingdom
         and France.

         Contributions made by the Group are charged to the income statement as incurred. The
         charge to the income statement for all defined contribution plans for FY2017/18 was
         US$5.8 million (FY2016/17: US$4.6 million) as shown in Note 23.




                                              115
Annual Report 2018



16. PROVISIONS AND OTHER LIABILITIES
                                                               Legal                           Finance
                                                                and                               lease
                                                            warranty Severance                  liability Others                  Total
                                                            US$’000   US$’000                 US$’000 US$’000                  US$’000

      FY2016/17

      As of 31 March 2016                                     23,652     8,999                    6,473            159           39,283
      Currency translations                                     (911)     (311)                      (45)            6            (1,261)
      Business combination (Note 28)                          18,343 *       –                         –             –           18,343
      Buyout of finance lease                                      –         –                   (3,644)             –            (3,644)
      Charges                                                 19,870     8,893                      440          4,187           33,390
      Utilisations                                           (13,448)  (10,400)                  (1,679)          (936)         (26,463)

      As of 31 March 2017                                     47,506             7,181            1,545          3,416           59,648

      Current portion                                         40,872             7,181            1,287          3,416           52,756
      Non-current portion                                      6,634                 –              258              –            6,892

      As of 31 March 2017                                     47,506             7,181            1,545          3,416           59,648

      FY2017/18

      As of 31 March 2017                                     47,506             7,181            1,545          3,416           59,648
      Currency translations                                    3,433               636                –             93            4,162
      Business combination (Note 28)                             435                 –                –              –              435
      Charges / (take backs)                                   6,001            (1,309)             117         (1,278)           3,531
      Utilisations                                           (17,016)           (2,221)          (1,662)        (1,470)         (22,369)

      As of 31 March 2018                                     40,359              4,287                  –          761           45,407

      Current portion                                         34,498             4,287                   –          761          39,546
      Non-current portion                                      5,861                 –                   –            –           5,861

      As of 31 March 2018                                     40,359              4,287                  –          761 **        45,407

      *   Adjustment to legal and warranty liabilities related to AML during the remeasurement period (12 month from the date of acquisition).
          Details are set out in Note 28.

      ** Mainly represents provision for an onerous lease contract.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                 116
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17. TAXATION
   17.1 Income tax expense
        The amount of taxation in the consolidated income statement represents:

                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                 US$’000          US$’000

         Current income tax
           Charges for the year                                                   56,742            47,375
           (Reduction) / addition for tax of prior years                          (1,373)            5,152

                                                                                  55,369            52,527
         Deferred income tax (Note 17.2)                                          (6,821)            (8,721)

         Total income tax expense                                                 48,548            43,806


         Effective tax rate                                                       15.0%              15.1%


         Tax has been provided at the applicable rates on the estimated assessable profit in the
         respective countries of operations for the year. The overall global effective tax rate for
         FY2017/18 was 15.0% (FY2016/17: 15.1%). Net deferred tax assets in the US were
         written down by US$2.5 million following the impact of US tax reforms that reduced the
         statutory rate from 35% to 21%. If the effect of US tax reform on deferred tax assets is
         excluded, the effective tax would have been 14.3%. The Group’s effective tax rate differed
         from the statutory tax rate of Hong Kong of 16.5% (FY2016/17: 16.5%) as follows:

                                                                2018                         2017

                                                                       US$’000                    US$’000

         Profit before income tax                                      322,814                    290,312

         Tax charged at Hong Kong profits tax rate          16.5%       53,264         16.5%        47,901

         Effect of different tax rates in other countries
            – Countries with taxable profit                   2.4%       7,700          1.7%          4,893
            – Countries with taxable loss                   (1.7)%      (5,521)        (2.6)%        (7,480)
         Effect of income, net of expenses,
            not subject to tax                              (5.3)%     (17,117)        (5.6)%       (16,383)
         (Reductions) / addition of tax for prior years
            (current and deferred)                          (0.9)%      (2,823)            1.4%      4,009
         Withholding tax                                      2.3%       7,529             2.5%      7,242
         Other taxes and timing differences, net of (tax
            loss recognition) and other (tax benefits)       1.7%        5,516             1.2%      3,624

                                                            15.0%       48,548         15.1%        43,806




                                                   117
Annual Report 2018



17. TAXATION (Cont’d)
      17.2 Deferred income tax
           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when the deferred income taxes relate to the
           same fiscal authority and when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
           assets against current tax liabilities. Income tax expense is discussed in Note 17.1.

            The following amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting within a tax jurisdiction, are
            shown in the consolidated balance sheet:

                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                              US$’000         US$’000

            Deferred income tax assets                                         44,272          54,320
            Deferred income tax liabilities                                  (116,410)       (105,093)

            Deferred income tax liabilities, net                              (72,138)         (50,773)



            The gross differences between book and tax accounting, before netting were as follows:

                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                              US$’000         US$’000

            Gross deferred income tax assets                                   96,838         111,940
            Gross deferred income tax liabilities                            (168,976)       (162,713)

            Deferred income tax liabilities, net                              (72,138)         (50,773)




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                   118
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17. TAXATION (Cont’d)
    17.2 Deferred income tax (Cont’d)
         The movement in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking
         into consideration the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, was as follows:

                                        Accrued             Accelerated tax                                Fair value
                                       liabilities           depreciation             Tax losses        (gains) / losses            Others                      Total
                                     2018     2017           2018     2017           2018     2017       2018     2017          2018     2017   2018                   2017
                                   US$’000 US$’000         US$’000 US$’000         US$’000 US$’000     US$’000 US$’000        US$’000 US$’000 US$’000               US$’000

          Defered income
            tax assets

          At beginning
             of the year           27,156       18,962      8,106      8,116       24,688    23,056    26,797      27,101     25,193     24,139 111,940 101,374
          Currency translations     1,561         (571)       794       (366)         341      (420)       28           (9)    1,069       (547) 3,793    (1,913)
          Business combination      2,712        5,119        179        319            –         –         –            –         –        571   2,891 * 6,009
          Credited / (charged)
             to income statement    (3,983)      3,646         89             37    5,850      2,052      397         402      (1,256)         153      1,097            6,290
          Credited / (charged)
              to equity                  –            –          –             –        –          –   (22,884)      (697)          1          877     (22,883)            180

          Assets at end of the
            year                   27,446       27,156      9,168      8,106       30,879    24,688      4,338     26,797     25,007     25,193        96,838       111,940


          Defered income
            tax (liabilities)

          At beginning
             of the year            (2,719)      (1,830)   (21,390)   (22,918)          –          – (111,419) (108,938)      (27,185)   (22,525) (162,713) (156,211)
          Currency translations       (355)         126       (944)       629           –          –   (4,074)    2,884          (880)       376 (6,253)       4,015
          Business combination           –            –       (531)      (571)          –          –   (5,854) (5,373)         (3,073)      (474) (9,458) * (6,418)
          Credited / (charged)
             to income statement     (221)       (1,015)    (4,050)    1,470            –          –     7,465      6,590      2,530         (4,614)    5,724            2,431
          Credited / (charged)
             to equity                   –            –          –             –        –          –     5,815     (6,582)     (2,091)          52      3,724            (6,530)

          (Liabilities) at end
             of the year            (3,295)      (2,719)   (26,915)   (21,390)          –          – (108,067) (111,419)      (30,699)   (27,185) (168,976) (162,713)

          Deferred income
            tax assets /
            (liabilities), net     24,151       24,437     (17,747)   (13,284)     30,879    24,688 (103,729)     (84,622)     (5,692)       (1,992) (72,138)           (50,773)

          *    Taking into consideration the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, the deferred income tax assets and
               deferred income tax liabilities acquired from business combination were US$2.4 million and US$(9.0) million respectively.
               Details please see Note 28.


          Deferred income tax liabilities of US$4.3 million (FY2016/17: US$2.6 million) have not
          been recognised in respect of the withholding or other tax payable on the unremitted
          profits of certain subsidiaries where JEHL controls the dividend policy and it has been
          determined that these undistributed profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable
          future.




                                                                              119
Annual Report 2018



17. TAXATION (Cont’d)
      17.2 Deferred income tax (Cont’d)
           The movement table describes the component parts of the deferred income tax assets
           and liabilities shown on the Balance Sheet.

            Accrued liabilities:
            Certain tax authorities do not allow accrued liabilities as deductions against current
            taxable profit, which gives rise to a different basis for calculating accounting and taxable
            profit.

            Accelerated tax depreciation:
            This represents the difference between the rate of depreciation which is charged against
            accounting profit and the accelerated rate of depreciation which is charged against taxable
            profit.

            Tax losses:
            This represents the value of current tax losses that can be offset against future taxable
            profits to reduce future taxation charges. As of 31 March 2018, the Group’s subsidiaries
            in USA, Canada, UK and Japan had accumulated net operating losses carried forward of
            US$39.7 million, US$72.0 million, US$1.5 million and US$6.5 million respectively (31
            March 2017: US$47.3 million, US$17.5 million, US$1.4 million and US$3.8 million
            respectively) to offset future taxable income.

            Fair value (gains) / losses:
            The extent to which a change in value resulting from the reassessment of an asset’s
            carrying value is not treated as current year taxable income.

            Others:
            This mainly represents other timing differences arising from taxation on profit distribution
            from foreign subsidiaries, goodwill from past acquisitions, timing differences arising from
            deduction of expenses and adjustments from past reorganisations.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                120
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17. TAXATION (Cont’d)
    17.2 Deferred income tax (Cont’d)
         The recoverability of the deferred tax assets and liabilities was as follows:

                                                                              2018          2017
                                                                            US$’000      US$’000

          Deferred income tax assets:
          Deferred income tax assets to be recovered after
            more than twelve months                                          69,135       79,517
          Deferred income tax assets to be recovered within
            twelve months                                                    27,703       32,423

          Deferred income tax assets                                         96,838      111,940

          Deferred income tax liabilities:
          Deferred income tax liabilities to be settled after
            more than twelve months                                        (153,805)     (149,105)
          Deferred income tax liabilities to be settled within
            twelve months                                                   (15,171)      (13,608)

          Deferred income tax liabilities                                  (168,976)     (162,713)

          Deferred income tax liabilities, net                              (72,138)      (50,773)


          The movement on the deferred income tax account, net was as follows:

                                                                              2018          2017
                                                                            US$’000      US$’000

          At beginning of the year, net (liability)                         (50,773)      (54,837)
          Currency translations                                              (2,460)        2,102
          Business combination                                               (6,567)         (409)
          Transfer to income statement (Note 17.1)                            6,821         8,721
          Charged to equity                                                 (19,159)       (6,350)

          At end of the year, net (liability)                               (72,138)      (50,773)




                                                 121
Annual Report 2018



17. TAXATION (Cont’d)
      17.2 Deferred income tax (Cont’d)
           The deferred income tax credited / (charged) to equity during the year was as follows:

                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                             US$’000         US$’000

            Net fair value gains of hedging instruments (Note 19)             (17,069)         (5,732)
            Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (Note 19)                  (1,992)            996
            Remeasurements of long service payment (Note 19)                      (98)             (67)
            Investment property (Note 19)                                           –          (1,547)

                                                                              (19,159)         (6,350)


            Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that
            it is probable that future taxable profit or temporary differences will be available against
            which the unused tax losses can be utilised.

            The movement in the Group’s unrecognised tax losses for FY2017/18 and FY2016/17 is
            presented below:

                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                             US$’000         US$’000

            At beginning of the year                                           83,497        105,056
            Currency translations                                                 198          1,482
            (Utilised / recognised) during the year                           (20,756)       (21,557)
            Addition / (reduction) for tax positions of prior years             2,601         (1,484)

            At end of the year                                                65,540           83,497


            Deferred income tax assets in respect of tax losses amounting to US$65.5 million
            (FY2016/17: US$83.5 million) have not been recognised primarily due to the uncertainty
            over the availability of future profit generation or temporary differences in the legal
            entities where such losses were incurred.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 122
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17. TAXATION (Cont’d)
    17.2 Deferred income tax (Cont’d)
         The ageing of unrecognised tax losses by expiry date is as follows:

                                                                            2018             2017
                                                                          US$’000         US$’000

          Less than 1 year                                                       –              13
          1 – 2 years                                                        6,800           2,245
          2 – 5 years                                                        4,617          14,385
          5 – 20 years                                                      23,509          30,513
          Unlimited                                                         30,614          36,341

                                                                            65,540          83,497


          Deferred income tax assets have not been recognised with respect to other deductible
          temporary differences amounting to US$1.0 million (FY2016/17: US$0.9 million) for
          which no taxable profit or temporary differences will be available to offset the deductible
          temporary difference.




                                              123
Annual Report 2018



18. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                           Share             Shares
                                                        capital –       held for the
                                                        ordinary    incentive share
                                                          shares           schemes
                                                     (thousands)        (thousands)        Total

      As of 31 March 2016                              878,845             (23,076)    855,769

      Shares vested to employees for the incentive
       share schemes                                           –             3,434        3,434

      As of 31 March 2017                              878,845             (19,642)    859,203

      Shares vested to Directors and employees for
       the incentive share schemes                             –             3,098        3,098

      As of 31 March 2018                              878,845             (16,544)    862,301


      As of 31 March 2018, the total authorised number of ordinary shares was 1,760.0 million (31
      March 2017: 1,760.0 million) with a par value of HK$0.05 per share (31 March 2017:
      HK$0.05 per share). All issued shares were fully paid.

                                                          Share             Shares
                                                       capital –        held for the
                                                        ordinary    incentive share
                                                         shares           schemes         Total
                                                       US$’000            US$’000      US$’000

      As of 31 March 2016                                 5,670            (75,450)    (69,780)

      Shares vested to employees for the incentive
       share schemes (Note 19)                                 –            10,637      10,637

      As of 31 March 2017                                 5,670            (64,813)    (59,143)

      Shares vested to Directors and employees for
       the incentive share schemes (Note 19)                   –             9,594       9,594

      As of 31 March 2018                                 5,670            (55,219)     (49,549)


      Cancellation of issued capital
      A general mandate was approved and given to the Board by shareholders at JEHL’s AGM held
      on 12 July 2017 empowering the Board to repurchase shares up to 10% (87.9 million shares)
      of the aggregate nominal amount of the issued share capital of JEHL. This mandate which had
      also existed in the previous year was extended to the next 12 month period. No shares were
      purchased in FY2017/18 for cancellation (FY2016/17: nil).




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited              124
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18. SHARE CAPITAL (Cont’d)
   Incentive share schemes
   Share awards under the Long-Term Incentive Share Scheme (“Share Scheme”) are granted to
   Directors, senior management and other employees as recommended by the Chairman and
   Chief Executive and approved by the Remuneration Committee of the Group. The Share Scheme
   was approved by the shareholders on 24 August 2009 and was further amended and approved
   by the shareholders on 20 July 2011.

   On 9 July 2015, a new share scheme, the Johnson Electric Restricted and Performance Stock
   Unit Plan (“Stock Unit Plan”) was approved by the shareholders and no further grants of share
   awards under the Share Scheme could be made afterwards. The rules of the Stock Unit Plan
   provide a better framework to support the use of equity-based compensation on a global scale
   as Johnson Electric continues to grow its footprint. Unvested share awards granted under the
   Share Scheme continue to be valid subject to the provisions of the Share Scheme. Under the
   Stock Unit Plan, the Board may grant time-vested units and performance-vested units to such
   eligible Directors and employees of the Group as the Remuneration Committee may select at
   its absolute discretion.

   Senior management of the Group receive annual grants of time-vested units (Restricted Stock
   Units or RSUs) and performance-vested units (Performance Stock Units or PSUs). According to
   current granting policy, time-vested units typically vest after three years. Performance-vested
   units vest after three years, subject to achievement of performance conditions over a three-year
   performance period including a three-year cumulative earnings per share target and revenue
   goal for individual divisions (starting with the FY2017/18 grants). If the primary condition is
   met in full, then the entire grant of PSUs will vest at the end of the vesting period. If the
   primary performance condition is not met, then the secondary performance conditions are
   considered. The secondary performance conditions consist of a series of one-year earnings per
   share targets and one-year revenue targets for individual divisions set at the beginning of each
   year of the three-year performance period. The earnings per share and revenue targets are of
   equal weight in the grants for FY2017/18. Partial vesting occurs if one or more of the one-year
   earnings per share targets and one-year revenue targets for individual divisions are met.

   The three-year cumulative goal for diluted earnings per share by year is as follows:
                                                      Three-year
                                                      cumulative goal for
                                                      earnings per share

   Fiscal years of 2015/16 through 2017/18             77.00 US cents
   Fiscal years of 2016/17 through 2018/19             65.40 US cents
   Fiscal years of 2017/18 through 2019/20             89.08 US cents
   Fiscal years of 2018/19 through 2020/21            104.46 US cents




                                              125
Annual Report 2018



18. SHARE CAPITAL (Cont’d)
      Movements in the number of unvested units granted were as follows:
                                                                              Number of unvested
                                                                           units granted (thousands)
                                                                      Restricted Performance
                                                                     Stock Units     Stock Units         Total

      Unvested units outstanding, as of 31 March 2016                     5,608          6,477         12,085

      Units granted to Directors and employees during the year            3,305          3,504          6,809
      Units vested to employees during the year                          (1,391)        (2,043)        (3,434)
      Forfeited during the year                                            (573)          (798)        (1,371)


      Unvested units granted, as of 31 March 2017                         6,949          7,140         14,089

      Units granted to Directors and employees during the year            1,671          1,616          3,287
      Units vested to Directors and employees during the year            (1,297)        (1,801)        (3,098)
      Forfeited during the year                                            (299)          (395)          (694)

      Unvested units granted, as of 31 March 2018                         7,024          6,560         13,584

      The weighted average fair value of the unvested units granted during the year was HK$28.21
      (US$3.62) (FY2016/17: HK$18.74 (US$2.40)).

      As of 31 March 2018, the number of unvested units outstanding under both the Share Scheme
      and the Stock Unit Plan on a combined basis was as follows:

                                                                              Number of unvested
                                                                           units granted (thousands)
                                                                      Restricted    Performance
          Vesting year *                                             Stock Units     Stock Units         Total

          FY2018/19                                                       2,182           1,928         4,110
          FY2019/20                                                       3,221           3,061         6,282
          FY2020/21                                                       1,621           1,571         3,192

          Total unvested units granted                                    7,024           6,560        13,584

      *    Shares are typically vested on 1 June of the year




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                              126
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




19. RESERVES
                                                                                         Share-based
                                                                                           employee
                                                       Capital Goodwill on     Exchange compensation     Hedging Miscellaneous      Retained
                                                      reserve consolidation      reserve     reserve     reserve      reserves *    earnings        Total
                                              Note   US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000       US$’000       US$’000      US$’000

   As of 31 March 2017                                15,736      (233,885)     99,439       20,270      36,720         46,931     2,066,122    2,051,333
   Hedging instruments
      – raw material commodity contracts
         – fair value gains, net                           –              –           –            –     30,427              –             –      30,427
         – transferred to inventory and
           subsequently recognised in
           income statement                                –              –           –            –     (5,007)             –             –       (5,007)
         – deferred income tax effect         17           –              –           –            –     (4,194)             –             –       (4,194)
      – forward foreign currency exchange
        contracts
         – fair value gains, net                           –              –           –            –     61,855              –             –       61,855
         – transferred to income statement                 –              –           –            –    (15,242)             –             –      (15,242)
         – deferred income tax effect         17           –              –           –            –    (12,875)             –             –      (12,875)
      – net investment hedge
         – fair value losses, net                          –              –     (41,622)           –          –              –             –      (41,622)
   Defined benefit plans
      – remeasurements                        15           –              –           –            –          –              –       12,931       12,931
      – deferred income tax effect            17           –              –           –            –          –              –        (1,992)      (1,992)
   Long service payment
      – remeasurements                        15           –              –           –            –          –              –          585          585
      – deferred income tax effect            17           –              –           –            –          –              –           (98)         (98)
   Release of exchange reserve of an
      associate upon business
      combination                             28           –              –       (469)            –          –              –             –        (469)
   Currency translations of subsidiaries                   –              –    132,493             –      1,262              –             –     133,755
   Currency translations of associates                     –              –        159             –          –              –             –         159
   Net income recognised directly in equity                –              –     90,561             –     56,226              –       11,426      158,213
   Profit for the year                                     –              –          –             –          –              –      264,047      264,047
   Total comprehensive income for the year                 –              –     90,561             –     56,226              –      275,473      422,260
   Appropriation of retained earnings to
       statutory reserve                                   –              –           –            –          –          8,600        (8,600)           –
   Incentive share schemes
       – shares vested                        18         488              –           –      (10,082)         –              –             –      (9,594)
       – value of employee services           27           –              –           –       12,685          –              –             –      12,685
   Put option written to a non-controlling
       interest                               28           –              –           –            –          –        (72,191)            –      (72,191)
   FY2016/17 final dividend paid                           –              –           –            –          –               –      (37,735)     (37,735)
   FY2017/18 interim dividend paid                         –              –           –            –          –               –      (18,763)     (18,763)
                                                         488              –     90,561        2,603      56,226        (63,591)     210,375      296,662
   As of 31 March 2018                                16,224      (233,885)    190,000        22,873     92,946        (16,660)    2,276,497    2,347,995

   Final dividend proposed                    25           –             –           –            –           –               –       37,360       37,360
   Other                                              16,224      (233,885)    190,000       22,873      92,946        (16,660)    2,239,137    2,310,635
   As of 31 March 2018                                16,224      (233,885)    190,000        22,873     92,946        (16,660)    2,276,497    2,347,995

   *   Miscellaneous reserves mainly represent property revaluation reserve, equity component of convertible bonds (net of tax), statutory
       reserve and reserve arising from put option written to a non-controlling interest.




                                                                         127
Annual Report 2018



19. RESERVES (Cont’d)
                                                                                            Share-based
                                                                                              employee
                                                          Capital Goodwill on     Exchange compensation     Hedging Miscellaneous      Retained
                                                         reserve consolidation      reserve     reserve     reserve      reserves *    earnings        Total
                                                 Note   US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000       US$’000       US$’000      US$’000

      As of 31 March 2016                                16,751      (233,885)    159,048       17,516       2,005         55,477     1,895,446    1,912,358
      Hedging instruments
          – raw material commodity contracts
            – fair value gains, net                           –              –           –            –     40,741               –            –      40,741
            – transferred to inventory and
              subsequently recognised in
              income statement                                –              –           –            –     18,511               –            –      18,511
            – deferred income tax effect         17           –              –           –            –      (9,777)             –            –       (9,777)
          – forward foreign currency exchange
            contracts
            – fair value losses, net                          –              –           –            –      (4,727)             –            –       (4,727)
            – transferred to income statement                 –              –           –            –    (13,675)              –            –      (13,675)
            – deferred income tax effect         17           –              –           –            –       4,045              –            –        4,045
          – net investment hedge
            – fair value gains, net                           –              –     16,550             –           –              –            –      16,550
      Defined benefit plans
          – remeasurements                       15           –              –           –            –           –              –       (7,795)      (7,795)
          – deferred income tax effect           17           –              –           –            –           –              –          996          996
      Long service payment
          – remeasurements                       15           –              –           –            –           –              –         308          308
          – deferred income tax effect           17           –              –           –            –           –              –         (67)         (67)
      Investment property
          – revaluation surplus realised
            upon disposal                                     –              –           –            –           –            (31)         31             –
          – deferred income tax effect           17           –              –           –            –           –        (1,547)           –        (1,547)
      Share of other comprehensive
          expenses of associates                 6            –              –           –            –          –               –       (2,394)      (2,394)
      Currency translations of subsidiaries                   –              –     (76,246)           –       (403)              –            –      (76,649)
      Currency translations of associates                     –              –          87            –          –               –            –           87
      Net income / (expenses) recognised
          directly in equity                                  –              –     (59,609)           –     34,715         (1,578)       (8,921)     (35,393)
      Profit for the year                                     –              –           –            –          –               –     237,920      237,920
      Total comprehensive income /
          (expenses) for the year                             –              –     (59,609)           –     34,715         (1,578)     228,999      202,527
      Appropriation of retained earnings to
          statutory reserve                                   –              –           –            –           –         2,928        (2,928)           –
      Incentive share schemes
          – shares vested                        18      (1,015)             –           –       (9,622)          –              –            –      (10,637)
          – value of employee services           27           –              –           –      12,376            –              –            –       12,376
      Acquisition of non-controlling interests                –              –           –            –           –        (9,896)            –       (9,896)
      FY2015/16 final dividend paid                           –              –           –            –           –              –      (37,672)     (37,672)
      FY2016/17 interim dividend paid                         –              –           –            –           –              –      (17,723)     (17,723)
                                                         (1,015)             –     (59,609)      2,754      34,715         (8,546)     170,676      138,975
      As of 31 March 2017                                15,736      (233,885)     99,439       20,270      36,720         46,931     2,066,122    2,051,333

      Final dividend proposed                    25           –             –           –            –           –              –        37,600       37,600
      Other                                              15,736      (233,885)     99,439       20,270      36,720         46,931     2,028,522    2,013,733
      As of 31 March 2017                                15,736      (233,885)     99,439       20,270      36,720         46,931     2,066,122    2,051,333

      *   Miscellaneous reserves mainly represent property revaluation reserve, equity component of convertible bonds (net of tax) and
          statutory reserve.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                           128
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET

                                                                                                  2018                  2017
                                                                                                US$’000              US$’000

   Gross rental income from investment property                                                     4,095                3,595
   Gains on investments, net                                                                          145                  134
   (Losses) / gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment
     and investment property (Note 27)                                                               (541)               1,950
   Fair value gains on investment property (Note 4 & 27)                                            1,625                1,218
   Fair value gains on other financial assets / liabilities                                         1,149                2,745
   Fair value losses on structured forward currency exchange
     contracts                                                                                   (32,185)                      –
   Gain on deemed disposal of previously 30% equity interests in
     HSC (Note 27 & 28)                                                                           14,012                     –
   Subsidies and other recoveries                                                                 17,897                 9,449

   Other income and gains, net                                                                      6,197              19,091



21. SELLING AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

                                                                                                  2018                  2017
                                                                                                US$’000              US$’000

   Selling expenses                                                                             105,309              100,124
   Administrative expenses                                                                      387,228              382,399
   Legal and warranty                                                                             6,001               19,870
   Net gains on realisation of other financial assets and liabilities
     and revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities (Note 23)                                (36,307)             (31,049)

   Selling and administrative expenses                                                          462,231              471,344

   Note:   Selling and administrative expenses included operating lease payments for FY2017/18 of US$7.4 million (FY2016/17: US$7.5
           million).




                                                           129
Annual Report 2018



22. FINANCE INCOME / (COSTS), NET

                                                                                                             2018                    2017
                                                                                                           US$’000                US$’000

      Interest income                                                                                          1,161                  1,132
      Interest expense                                                                                        (6,158)                (3,867)
      Interest expense on convertible bonds (Note 24)                                                         (7,408)                (7,223)

                                                                                                            (12,405)                 (9,958)
      Accrued interest on put option written to a
        non-controlling interest *                                                                            (1,126)                        –

      Net finance costs (Note 27)                                                                           (13,531)                 (9,958)

      *   The interest was calculated by the effective interest method over the estimated gross obligation arising from the put option written to
          the seller related to the acquisition of Halla Stackpole Corporation. For details please refer to Note 28.


      Borrowings are discussed in Note 13. Convertible bonds are discussed in Note 14.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                   130
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




23. EXPENSES BY NATURE
  Operating profit was stated after crediting and charging the following:

                                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                                  US$’000           US$’000

  Depreciation
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 3)                                        144,666           115,482
    Less: amounts capitalised in assets under construction                                         (1,700)           (1,023)

  Net depreciation (Note 27)                                                                      142,966           114,459


  Engineering expenditure *
    Engineering expenditure                                                                       177,047           152,601
    Capitalisation of engineering development costs (Note 5)                                       (8,726)           (6,729)

  Net engineering expenditure                                                                     168,321           145,872

  Employee compensation
    Wages and salaries                                                                            808,556           736,524
    Share-based payments                                                                           12,685            12,376
    Social security costs                                                                          92,892            77,519
    Pension costs – defined benefit plans (Note 15.1)                                               7,066             3,798
    Pension costs – defined contribution plans (Note 15.2)                                          5,794             4,614

                                                                                                  926,993           834,831
      Less: amounts capitalised in assets under construction                                       (6,841)           (6,566)

                                                                                                  920,152           828,265

  Other items:
    Cost of goods sold **                                                                    2,445,328           2,028,334
    Auditors’ remuneration                                                                       2,729               2,682
    Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 5 & 27)                                             40,679              37,079
    Impairment of property, plant and equipment (Note 3 & 27)                                    6,080               2,565
    Net gains on realisation of other financial assets and
      liabilities and revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities
      (Note 21)                                                                                   (36,307)           (31,049)
    (Written back of impairment) / impairment of trade receivables /
      bad debt expense (Note 10)                                                                   (4,494)              3,185

  *   Engineering expenditure as a percentage of sales was 5.5% in FY2017/18 (FY2016/17: 5.5%).

  ** Cost of goods sold comprised materials, direct labour costs (including their social costs) and production overheads including
     operating lease payments of US$15.4 million (FY2016/17: US$15.0 million).




                                                          131
Annual Report 2018



24. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      Basic earnings per share
      Basic earnings per share was calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders by
      the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year excluding ordinary
      shares purchased by JEHL and held for the incentive share schemes.

                                                                              2018           2017

      Profit attributable to shareholders (thousands US Dollar)            264,047        237,920

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)      861,775        858,666

      Basic earnings per share (US cents per share)                          30.64          27.71

      Basic earnings per share (HK cents per share)                         239.26         214.99


      Diluted earnings per share
      Diluted earnings per share was calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary
      shares as per basic earnings per share, to include the weighted average number of all the
      dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                              2018           2017

      Profit attributable to shareholders (thousands US Dollar)            264,047        237,920
      Adjustments for convertible bonds
        – Interest (thousands US Dollar) (Note 22)                           7,408          7,223
        – Deferred income tax effect (thousands US Dollar)                    (803)          (773)

      Adjusted profit attributable to shareholders (thousands US Dollar)   270,652        244,370

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares issued and
       outstanding (thousands)                                             861,775        858,666

      Adjustments for incentive shares granted
        – Incentive share schemes – Restricted Stock Units                   6,752          6,430
        – Incentive share schemes – Performance Stock Units                  3,680          3,011
      Adjustments for convertible bonds
        – Assumed conversion of convertible bonds                           40,725         39,959

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) (thousands)     912,932        908,066

      Diluted earnings per share (US cents per share)                        29.65          26.91

      Diluted earnings per share (HK cents per share)                       231.50         208.81




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                132
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25. DIVIDEND

                                                                                                  2018                    2017
                                                                                                US$’000                US$’000

   Interim, of 17 HK cents (2.18 US cents) per share, paid in
      January 2018 (FY2016/17: 16 HK cents or 2.05 US cents)                                      18,763                    17,723

   Final, proposed, of 34 HK cents (4.36 US cents) per share,
     to be paid in August 2018
     (FY2016/17: 34 HK cents or 4.36 US cents) (Note 19)                                          37,360 *                  37,600


                                                                                                  56,123                    55,323

   *   Proposed dividend is calculated based on the total number of shares as of 31 March 2018. Actual dividend will be paid on 13
       August 2018 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Shareholders of JEHL on 2 August 2018.


   Total dividend per share for the year is 51 HK cents (FY2016/17 was 50 HK cents).

   At a meeting held on 16 May 2018 the Directors recommended a final dividend of 34 HK cents
   (4.36 US cents) per share to be paid out in August 2018. The recommended final dividend will
   be reflected as an appropriation of retained earnings for FY2018/19.

   Dividends for the periods FY2009/10 through FY2017/18 are shown in the table below:
                                                         Interim                Final                  Total                Total
                                                       HK cents            HK cents               HK cents              dividend
                                                       per share           per share              per share            US$’000

   FY2009/10 *                                                    –              20.0                   20.0                23,659
   FY2010/11 *                                                12.0               24.0                   36.0                42,488
   FY2011/12 *                                                12.0               28.0                   40.0                46,118
   FY2012/13 *                                                12.0               32.0                   44.0                50,396
   FY2013/14 *                                                12.0               34.0                   46.0                52,648
   FY2014/15                                                  14.0               34.0                   48.0                53,290
   FY2015/16                                                  15.0               34.0                   49.0                54,117
   FY2016/17                                                  16.0               34.0                   50.0                55,323
   FY2017/18                                                  17.0               34.0 **                51.0                56,123

   *   The interim and final dividends per share for prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the impact of the 1 for 4 share
       consolidation in FY2014/15.

   ** Final dividend for FY2017/18 has been recommended by the Board of Directors and is subject to shareholder approval.




                                                            133
Annual Report 2018



26. COMMITMENTS
      26.1 Capital commitments

                                                                              2018            2017
                                                                            US$’000        US$’000

            Capital commitments for property, plant and equipment

            Contracted but not provided for                                  98,097          43,299



      26.2 Operating lease commitments

            (i)    The Group’s future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable
                   operating leases as of 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017 were as follows:

                                                       2018                         2017
                                               Land and                     Land and
                                               buildings        Others      buildings      Others
                                                US$’000       US$’000       US$’000      US$’000

                   Less than 1 year              22,415          2,161        19,220          2,572
                   1 – 5 years                   57,945          4,361        49,573          4,465
                   Over 5 years                  21,404              –        32,413            260

                                                101,764          6,522       101,206          7,297


            (ii)   The Group’s future aggregate minimum lease rental receivables under non-cancellable
                   operating leases on land and buildings as of 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017 were
                   as follows:

                                                                              2018            2017
                                                                            US$’000        US$’000

                   Less than 1 year                                           1,276           1,175
                   1 – 5 years                                                5,074           4,852
                   Over 5 years                                               5,772           4,313

                                                                             12,122          10,340




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited               134
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

                                                                                 2018        2017
                                                                               US$’000    US$’000

  Profit before income tax                                                     322,814    290,312
  Add: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 23)                 142,966    114,459
         Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 5 & 23)                        40,679     37,079
         Finance expense, net (Note 22)                                         13,531       9,958
         Associates dividend receipts less share of profits                       (133)     (3,455)


  EBITDA*                                                                      519,857    448,353

  Other non-cash items
  Losses / (gains) on disposal of property, plant and equipment
    and investment property (Note 20)                                              541     (1,950)
  Impairment of property, plant and equipment (Note 3 & 23)                      6,080      2,565
  Net realised and unrealised gains on financial assets /
    liabilities at fair value through profit and loss                             (145)      (132)
  Share-based compensation expense (Note 19)                                    12,685     12,376
  Fair value gains on investment property (Note 4 & 20)                         (1,625)    (1,218)
  Fair value losses on structured foreign currency contracts                    31,945          –
  Gain on deemed disposal of previously 30% equity interests in
    HSC (Note 20 & 28)                                                         (14,012)         –
  Acquisition transaction costs                                                      –        383

                                                                                35,469     12,024


  EBITDA* net of other non-cash items                                          555,326    460,377

  Change in working capital
  Increase in inventories                                                      (55,732)   (44,350)
  Increase in trade and other receivables                                      (64,801)   (60,152)
  (Increase) / decrease in other non-current assets                             (2,112)      3,140
  Increase in trade payables, other payables and deferred income                48,908     64,747
  Increase / (decrease) in retirement benefit obligations **                     2,684      (1,357)
  (Decrease) / increase in provision and other liabilities                     (17,176)      8,606
  Change in other financial assets / liabilities                                 9,494     14,009

                                                                               (78,735)   (15,357)


  Cash generated from operations                                               476,591    445,020

  *   EBITDA: Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation
  ** Net of defined benefit pension plan assets




                                                              135
Annual Report 2018



27. CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Cont’d)
      In the cash flow statement, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment and
      investment property comprise:

                                                                       2018           2017
                                                                     US$’000       US$’000

      Net book amount                                                   1,280         4,069
      (Losses) / gains on disposal of property, plant and
        equipment and investment property (Note 20)                      (541)        1,950

      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
        equipment and investment property                                739          6,019




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited               136
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. BUSINESS COMBINATION
  28.1 Business combination in FY2017/18
       On 16 May 2017, the Group acquired an additional 50% equity interest in Halla Stackpole
       Corporation (“HSC”), a 30% associate previously held by the Group, from Halla Holdings
       Corporation (the “Seller”) for consideration of US$83.2 million (KRW93.9 billion). The
       Group’s attributable interest in HSC increased from 30% to 80%.

        HSC is a major manufacturer of powder metal components, primarily for automotive
        applications. It serves a blue-chip customer base comprised mainly of leading automotive
        original equipment manufacturers and their Tier 1 suppliers and is headquartered in
        Ochang, Korea.

        Acquiring a substantial majority shareholding in HSC will enable the Group to manage and
        direct its powder metal operations on a more integrated global basis. Stackpole
        International is already a recognised market leader in the powder metal industry in North
        America and this complementary investment provides a platform for accelerating sales
        growth and strengthening the Group’s position as a global supplier to key engine,
        transmission, suspension and steering applications that contribute to improved fuel
        economy, reduced emissions and increased passenger comfort.

        The difference between the fair value and the Group’s carrying amount of its 30% equity
        interests in HSC before the acquisition and the release of a related exchange reserve of
        US$14.0 million, was recognised in the Group’s consolidated income statement as “Gain
        on deemed disposal of previously 30% equity interests in HSC” under “Other income and
        gains, net” (Note 20).

        Acquisition transaction costs of US$1.1 million were incurred (US$0.8 million in
        FY2016/17 and US$0.3 million in FY2017/18) and recognised in the income statement
        within selling and administrative expenses.

        The acquired business contributed revenue of US$144.0 million and net profit of US$6.0
        million to the Group for period from the date of acquisition to 31 March 2018.

        If the acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2017, the Group’s consolidated income statement
        for FY2017/18 would show pro forma revenue of US$3,248.3 million (HSC 1 month:
        US$11.8 million), EBITDA of US$521.8 million (HSC 1 month: US$2.0 million) and net
        profit of US$265.4 million (HSC 1 month: US$1.4 million).




                                            137
Annual Report 2018



28. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Cont’d)
      28.1 Business combination in FY2017/18 (Cont’d)
           Details of net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                                              2018
                                                                                                                            US$’000

            Purchase consideration                                                                                           83,172
            Fair value of equity interest held before the business combination                                               50,681
            A call option written to the Group to acquire the remaining 20% interest                                         (2,404)

            Total consideration                                                                                            131,449
            Non-controlling interest *                                                                                      25,074
            Fair value of net assets acquired – shown as below                                                            (122,795)

            Goodwill **                                                                                                      33,728


                                                                                                                          Fair Value
                                                                                                                           US$’000

            Property, plant and equipment                                                                                    69,001
            Intangible assets                                                                                                25,374
            Deferred income tax assets                                                                                         2,394
            Other non-current assets                                                                                           3,973
            Inventories                                                                                                      11,640
            Trade receivables and other receivables                                                                          47,043
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        27,261
            Trade payables and other payables                                                                               (23,250)
            Current income tax liabilities                                                                                    (1,728)
            Borrowings                                                                                                      (20,984)
            Retirement benefit obligations                                                                                    (8,533)
            Provision and other liabilities                                                                                     (435)
            Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                                   (8,961)

            Net assets acquired                                                                                            122,795

            Purchase consideration settled in cash
            Cash                                                                                                             83,172
            Cash and cash equivalents, net of debt in subsidiaries acquired                                                   (6,277)

            Cash outflow on acquisition                                                                                       76,895

            *   The Group recognised the non-controlling interest in HSC at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the fair
                values of Halla Stackpole’s identifiable net assets acquired as set out above.
            ** None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purpose.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                              138
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Cont’d)
   28.1 Business combination in FY2017/18 (Cont’d)
        As of 31 March 2018, the Group has substantially completed the fair value assessments for
        net assets acquired (including intangible assets) from the business combination activities.
        The fair value of net assets stated opposite are on a provisional basis subject to the final
        valuation of certain assets and liabilities.

         Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement in relation to the acquisition of a 50% equity
         interest in HSC, the Seller was granted a put option in which the Seller has the right to
         require the Group to acquire all of its rights in HSC, and the put option is exercisable at any
         time during a 4-year period immediately following the expiration of a 5-year period from the
         closing date of the acquisition (“Put Exercise Period”).

         The Group is also granted a call option in which the Group has the right to require the Seller
         to sell all of its rights to the Group, exercisable at any time during a 4-year period immediately
         following the expiry of the Put Exercise Period.

         The exercise price of the options shall be based on EBITDA multiples, net of the net debt of
         HSC for the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year when either option is exercised.

         The estimated gross obligation arising from the put option written to the Seller was
         recognised when the contractual obligation to acquire the remaining 20% interest of HSC was
         established, even though the obligation is conditional on the option being exercised by the
         Seller. The liability as of 31 March 2018 was US$79.5 million (KRW84.5 billion). In
         subsequent periods, the remeasurement of the present value of the estimated gross
         obligation under the put option written to the non-controlling interests will be recognised in
         the consolidated income statement.

         The call option written to the Group is recognised at its fair value of US$2.4 million and is
         included in “Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss”. Any changes in fair value
         in subsequent reporting periods will be recognised in the Group’s consolidated income
         statement (31 March 2018: US$2.5 million).




                                                139
Annual Report 2018



28. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Cont’d)
      28.2 Business combination in FY2016/17
           On 18 May 2016, the Group acquired the entire share capital of AML Développement, the
           holding company of the AML Group for a consideration of US$72.3 million (EUR65 million).

            AML Développement together with its subsidiaries (“AML”) is a leading manufacturer of
            headlamp levelers, smart actuators and headlamp cleaning systems for the automotive
            industry and is headquartered in Le Bourget, France. Acquiring AML will complete Johnson
            Electric’s product portfolio in the headlamp actuation segment. With AML’s know-how and
            over 20 years of experience in the segment, the combined business will be able to offer
            solutions that improve visibility and enhance safety of drivers and other road users.

            During the year, the Group has finalised the fair value assessments for the net assets
            acquired (including intangible assets) from this acquisition. On completion of the fair value
            assessments, adjustments made to the provisional calculation of identifiable assets and
            liabilities as of 31 March 2017 amounted to US$9.3 million, with an equivalent increase in
            the reported value of goodwill. The changes mainly represent finalisation of warranty liabilities
            in relation to claims existing before the acquisition, with the related deferred tax adjustments.
            The comparative consolidated balance sheet as of 31 March 2017 has been retrospectively
            restated to reflect the final allocation of fair values of the net assets acquired in FY2016/17.

            Details of net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                 US$’000

            Purchase consideration                                                                 72,347
            Fair value of net assets acquired                                                     (22,622)

            Goodwill, as adjusted                                                                  49,725


            Purchase consideration settled in cash
            Cash                                                                                   72,347
            Cash and cash equivalents, net of debt in subsidiaries acquired                         (7,643)

            Cash outflow on acquisition                                                            64,704




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  140
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND
    SENIOR MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION
   29.1 Directors’ remuneration
        The remuneration of Directors for FY2017/18 was as follows:

                                                                                                       Employer’s
                                                                                                     contribution
                                                                                     Share-         to retirement
                                                                      Discretionary  based                 benefit
                                                 Fees        Salary *        bonus payment                scheme   Total
         Name of Director                     US$’000      US$’000        US$’000 US$’000               US$’000 US$’000


         Yik-Chun Koo Wang                          125              –                   –      –             –     125
         Patrick Shui-Chung Wang                       –         922               1,005        –          111    2,038
         Winnie Wing-Yee Wang                          –         650                 283        –           78    1,011
         Austin Jesse Wang                             –         294                 102      168           35      599
         Peter Kin-Chung Wang                        48              –                   –      –             –      48
         Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards                44              –                   –      –             –      44
         Patrick Blackwell Paul                      65              –                   –      –             –      65
         Michael John Enright                        60              –                   –      –             –      60
         Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam                        44              –                   –      –             –      44
         Christopher Dale Pratt                      56              –                   –      –             –      56


                                                    442        1,866               1,390      168          224    4,090


         The remuneration of Directors for FY2016/17 was as follows:
                                                                                                       Employer’s
                                                                                                     contribution
                                                                                     Share-         to retirement
                                                                      Discretionary  based                 benefit
                                                 Fees        Salary *        bonus payment                scheme   Total
         Name of Director                     US$’000      US$’000        US$’000 US$’000               US$’000 US$’000


         Yik-Chun Koo Wang                          116              –                    –     –             –     116
         Patrick Shui-Chung Wang                       –         922                  223       –          111    1,256
         Winnie Wing-Yee Wang                          –         650                    65      –           78      793
         Austin Jesse Wang                             –         310                    32      –           32      374
         Peter Kin-Chung Wang                        41              –                    –     –             –      41
         Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards                48              –                    –     –             –      48
         Patrick Blackwell Paul                      67              –                    –     –             –      67
         Michael John Enright                        62              –                    –     –             –      62
         Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam                        47              –                    –     –             –      47
         Christopher Dale Pratt                      58              –                    –     –             –      58


                                                    439        1,882                  320       –          221    2,862


         *   Salary Included basic salaries, housing allowances and other benefits in kind.




                                                            141
Annual Report 2018



29. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND
    SENIOR MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION (Cont’d)
      29.2 Senior management compensation
           Other than the directors’ remuneration disclosed above, emoluments paid to 8 (FY2016/17:
           8) senior management as set out in the section Profile of Directors and Senior Management
           on pages 187 to 189 were as follows:

                                                                            2018            2017
                                                                          US$’000        US$’000

            Salaries, allowances and other benefits                          5,318          5,298
            Retirement scheme contributions                                    509            503
            Share-based payment                                              4,069          3,068
            Bonuses                                                          2,261          1,052


                                                                            12,157          9,921


            Remuneration bands
                                                                             Number of individuals

                                                                             2018            2017

            US$1,026,001 – US$1,154,000
              (HK$8,000,001 – HK$9,000,000)                                      –               1

            US$1,154,001 – US$1,282,000
              (HK$9,000,001 – HK$10,000,000)                                     1               6

            US$1,410,001 – US$1,538,000
              (HK$11,000,001 – HK$12,000,000)                                    5               –

            US$1,538,001 – US$1,666,000
              (HK$12,000,001 – HK$13,000,000)                                    1               1

            US$2,051,001 – US$2,179,000
              (HK$16,000,001 – HK$17,000,000)                                    1               –




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited               142
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND
    SENIOR MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION (Cont’d)
   29.3 Five highest individuals compensation
        Of the five highest paid individuals of the Group, 1 is a director of the Group whose
        remuneration is included in Note 29.1 (FY2016/17: 1 director in the five highest paid
        individuals). The compensation paid to the remaining 4 (FY2016/17: 4) highest paid
        employees were as follows:

                                                                          2018            2017
                                                                        US$’000        US$’000

         Salaries, allowances and other benefits                           2,811          2,819
         Retirement scheme contributions                                     264            284
         Share-based payment                                               2,212          1,572
         Bonuses                                                           1,362            624

                                                                           6,649          5,299


         Remuneration bands
                                                                           Number of individuals
                                                                           2018            2017

         US$1,154,001 – US$1,218,000
           (HK$9,000,001 – HK$9,500,000)                                       –               1
         US$1,218,001 – US$1,282,000
           (HK$9,500,001 – HK$10,000,000)                                      –               2
         US$1,410,001 – US$1,474,000
           (HK$11,000,001 – HK$11,500,000)                                     1               –
         US$1,474,001 – US$1,538,000
           (HK$11,500,001 – HK$12,000,000)                                     1               –
         US$1,538,001 – US$1,602,000
           (HK$12,000,001 – HK$12,500,000)                                     1               –
         US$1,602,001 – US$1,666,000
           (HK$12,500,001 – HK$13,000,000)                                     –               1
         US$2,115,001 – US$2,179,000
           (HK$16,500,001 – HK$17,000,000)                                     1               –



30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION
   Details of substantial shareholders are shown in Disclosure of Interest in the Report of the
   Directors. Except as disclosed in Note 29, the Group had no material related party transactions
   during the year.




                                             143
Annual Report 2018



31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign
      exchange risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk), credit and customer collection risk,
      liquidity risk and capital risk. The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the
      unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the
      Group’s financial performance. The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge certain
      risk exposures.

      Risk management is carried out by the Group’s Treasury department, from the corporate
      headquarters in Hong Kong. Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in
      close co-operation with the Group’s operating units.

      31.1 Market risk

            (a)   Foreign exchange risk
                  The Group operates globally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk primarily
                  through sales and purchases transactions that are denominated in a currency other
                  than the functional currency of the subsidiaries.

                  For FY2017/18, of the sales, 37% (FY2016/17: 37%) were in USD, 29%
                  (FY2016/17: 30%) in EUR, 21% (FY2016/17: 19%) in RMB with the rest being in
                  other currencies including CAD, KRW and JPY.

                  The major currencies used for commodity purchases, production overhead costs and
                  selling and administrative expenses are USD, HKD, RMB, EUR, HUF, MXN, CHF, PLN,
                  ILS, CAD and RSD.

                  Open foreign exchange exposures are hedged with forward foreign currency exchange
                  contracts, with a view to reducing the net exposure to currency fluctuation. As of 31
                  March 2018, forward foreign currency exchange contracts had durations of up to 84
                  months.

                  The Group’s most significant currency exposures relate to RMB and EUR. As of 31
                  March 2018, if USD had weakened / strengthened by 5% against RMB with all other
                  variables held constant, post-tax profit for the year would be 1.0% (FY2016/17:
                  0.1%) higher / lower. If USD had weakened / strengthened by 5% against EUR with
                  all other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the year would be 1.0%
                  (FY2016/17: 0.4%) higher / lower. The above sensitivity ignores the potential impact
                  of cash flow hedges.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                144
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
   31.1 Market risk (Cont’d)

         (a)   Foreign exchange risk (Cont’d)
               The Group has operations in Europe and its net assets value is exposed to foreign
               exchange risk denominated in Euro. This exposure is hedged with forward foreign
               exchange contracts and cross currency interest rate swaps with durations up to 81
               months at the year end.

         (b)   Interest rate risk
               The Group’s interest rate risk mainly arises from interest-bearing borrowings with
               floating interest rates.

               The Group continues to monitor interest rate risk and will consider the use of both
               fixed and floating interest rate borrowings in the functional currencies where the
               Group operates.

               Cash and cash equivalents as of 31 March 2018 were US$168.9 million (31 March
               2017: US$127.7 million) bearing interest at a weighted average rate of
               approximately 0.6% (31 March 2017: 0.5%). Other than cash and cash equivalents,
               the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets. Borrowings as of 31 March
               2018 were US$279.2 million (31 March 2017: US$176.4 million) bearing interest at
               a weighted average rate of approximately 1.6% (31 March 2017: 0.6%). A 0.25%
               increase / decrease in interest rate would decrease / increase the profit by US$0.7
               million (31 March 2017: US$0.4 million).

         (c)   Commodity price risk
               The Group is exposed to commodity price risk, mainly from fluctuations in steel,
               copper, silver and aluminium prices. Price risk due to steel is reduced through
               fixed price contracts for steel up to 3 months forward with the Group’s suppliers
               and through cash flow hedge contracts for iron ore and coking coal with varying
               maturities ranging from 10 to 36 months as of 31 March 2018. Price risk due to
               copper, silver and aluminium is reduced by hedging through appropriate financial
               instruments with varying maturities ranging from 1 to 51 months as of 31 March
               2018. The Group also manages these commodity prices by way of incorporating
               appropriate clauses in certain customer contracts to pass changes in raw material
               costs onto these customers.

               The Group’s most significant commodity price risk exposure relates to copper. A
               10% increase / decrease in the copper price would increase / decrease the equity
               by US$19.2 million (31 March 2017: US$20.3 million), representing the change in
               fair value of copper hedging contracts at the balance sheet date.




                                            145
Annual Report 2018



31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
      31.2 Credit and customer collection risk
           The Group’s credit and customer collection risk mainly arises from trade and other
           receivables. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. The Group normally
           grants credit terms ranging from 30 to 105 days to trade customers. It has a policy in
           place to evaluate customers’ credit risk by considering their current financial position and
           past repayment history. Management reviews the collectability of the overdue accounts
           receivable according to the Group’s credit and provision for doubtful debt policies. The
           Group’s customer credit management has resulted in a continuing low rate of bad debt.

            The Group manages its deposits with banks and financial institutions and transactions
            involving derivative financial instruments by monitoring credit ratings and limiting the
            aggregate risk to any individual counterparty. The majority of the Group’s cash and cash
            equivalents are held with, and transactions involving derivative financial instruments were
            made with, major financial institutions (e.g. the Group’s principal bankers) with strong
            investment grade credit ratings.

      31.3 Liquidity risk
           Management believes the combination of cash on hand, available credit lines, access to
           the capital markets and expected future operating cash flows is sufficient to satisfy the
           Group’s cash needs for the current and planned level of operations for the foreseeable
           future. Available credit lines include financing of trade receivables by subsidiary companies
           in USA, Europe and Hong Kong, guaranteed by JEHL.

            The Group had cash and cash equivalents of US$168.9 million as of 31 March 2018 (31
            March 2017: US$127.7 million), which constitute 4% (31 March 2017: 4%) of its total
            assets.

            As of 31 March 2018, the Group had US$906 million (31 March 2017: US$759 million)
            available unutilised credit lines, as follows:

            •   Of US$255 million (31 March 2017: US$255 million) committed revolving credit
                facilities provided by certain of its principal bankers, US$238 million (31 March 2017:
                US$243 million) remained unutilised. These facilities have expiry dates ranging from
                September 2018 to February 2020;

            •   US$506 million (31 March 2017: US$376 million) of uncommitted and unutilised
                revolving credit facilities, provided by its principal bankers; and

            •   US$162 million (31 March 2017: US$140 million) of uncommitted and unutilised
                trade receivable financing lines.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                146
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
   31.3 Liquidity risk (Cont’d)
        The table below analyses the Group’s borrowings and other financial assets / liabilities
        into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period to the contractual maturity
        date at the balance sheet date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
        undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances,
        as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                              Less than                                   Over
                                                                 1 year   1 – 2 years   2 – 5 years    5 years
                                                               US$’000      US$’000       US$’000     US$’000

         As of 31 March 2018
         Borrowings                                           128,734        91,698        51,257      15,179
         Convertible bonds                                      2,000       219,620             –           –
         Other financial assets and liabilities
            – Raw material commodity contracts                  (6,953)       (8,783)      (12,663)          –
            – Forward foreign exchange contracts
              – Net settled                                     (2,163)       (1,255)      (16,002)        (87)
              – Gross settled:
                 – inflow                                     (574,543)    (572,538)     (828,337)    (186,653)
                 – outflow                                     557,141      538,844       736,728      162,664
            – Net investment hedge
                 – inflow                                      (56,153)      (54,072)    (176,578)     (52,020)
                 – outflow                                      46,915        43,078      185,598       49,232
            – Fair value hedge
                 – inflow                                      (50,907)      (14,953)            –           –
                 – outflow                                      50,068        14,260             –           –
         Financial assets / liabilities at fair value
            through profit and loss
                 – inflow                                     (26,000)        (9,000)    (164,195)    (173,464)
                 – outflow                                     25,515          8,893      146,895      155,786
         Trade and other payables                             553,508              –            –            –


         As of 31 March 2017
         Borrowings                                             94,271         2,315       36,554      54,053
         Convertible bonds                                       2,000         2,000      221,620           –
         Other financial assets and liabilities
            – Raw material commodity contracts                  (1,314)         (559)       (4,724)       (225)
            – Forward foreign exchange contracts
              – Net settled                                      6,501         8,933       34,347            –
              – Gross settled:
                 – inflow                                     (633,901)    (500,219)     (869,681)    (168,257)
                 – outflow                                     604,287      471,923       754,555      139,433
            – Net investment hedge
                 – inflow                                      (53,914)      (55,027)    (200,195)           –
                 – outflow                                      40,559        40,559      176,803            –
            – Fair value hedge
                 – inflow                                     (20,254)             –             –           –
                 – outflow                                     19,750              –             –           –
         Finance lease                                          1,400            262             –           –
         Trade and other payables                             431,867              –             –           –




                                                        147
Annual Report 2018



31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
      31.4 Capital risk management
           As of 31 March 2018, the Group’s total debt to capital ratio was 17% compared to 16%
           as of 31 March 2017.

            Total debt to capital ratio as of 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017 was as follows:

                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                           US$’000         US$’000

            Borrowings – current (Note 13)                                 126,110          26,128
            Borrowings – non-current (Note 13)                             153,056         150,233
            Convertible bonds (Note 14)                                    213,018         207,610

            Total debt                                                     492,184          383,971
            Total equity                                                 2,365,805        2,024,995

            Total capital (equity + debt)                                2,857,989        2,408,966

            Total debt to capital ratio                                        17%             16%


            The net cash position as of 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017 was as follows:

                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                           US$’000         US$’000

            Total debt                                                    (492,184)        (383,971)
            Cash and cash equivalents (Note 11)                            168,942          127,689

            Net debt (total debt less cash)                               (323,242)        (256,282)


            Management believes the combination of cash on hand, available credit lines, access to
            the capital markets and expected future operating cash flows is sufficient to satisfy the
            Group’s cash needs for the current and planned level of operations for the foreseeable
            future.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                148
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32. FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION
   The fair value of the Group’s assets and liabilities is classified into a 3 levels hierarchy based
   on measurement according to HKFRS 7 and HKFRS 13 requirements and disclosed as below:

  Level 1   :   No financial assets and liabilities of the Group are quoted in public markets.

  Level 2   :   The Group’s level 2 other financial assets and liabilities are traded in the market
                and the fair values are based on bank valuations. The Group’s level 2 investment
                property is valued on an open market basis.

  Level 3   :   The Group’s level 3 investment property is not traded actively in the market and
                the fair values are obtained by appraisals performed by independent, professional
                qualified valuers. The fair values of the Group’s level 3 financial assets / liabilities
                at fair value through profit and loss are based on the valuations issued by
                investment banks, which have inputs that were not observable market data.




                                               149
Annual Report 2018



32. FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Cont’d)
      The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
      as of 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017.

                                                        Level 1    Level 2    Level 3         Total
                                                       US$’000    US$’000    US$’000       US$’000

      As of 31 March 2018
      Assets
      Investment property
        – Commercial building                                –          –      64,998        64,998
        – Industrial property                                –          –      27,101        27,101
        – Residential property and car parks                 –         91       7,009         7,100
      Other financial assets
        – Derivatives used for hedging                       –    149,552           –      149,552
        – Derivatives held for trading                       –      2,240           6        2,246
      Financial assets at fair value through profit
        and loss
        – A call option written to the Group to
          acquire non-controlling interests                  –          –       2,511         2,511
        – Structured foreign currency contracts              –          –       4,793         4,793

      Total assets                                           –    151,883    106,418       258,301

      Liabilities
      Other financial liabilities
        – Derivatives used for hedging                       –     54,141           –        54,141
        – Derivatives held for trading                       –          5           –             5
      Financial liabilities at fair value through
        profit and loss
        – Structured foreign currency contracts              –          –      36,738        36,738

      Total liabilities                                      –     54,146      36,738        90,884

      As of 31 March 2017
      Assets
      Investment property
        – Commercial building                                –          –      61,523        61,523
        – Industrial property                                –          –      26,236        26,236
        – Residential property and car parks                 –         91       5,535         5,626
      Other financial assets
        – Derivatives used for hedging                       –    209,836       1,128      210,964
        – Derivatives held for trading                       –      1,595           –        1,595

      Total assets                                           –    211,522      94,422      305,944

      Liabilities
      Other financial liabilities
        – Derivatives used for hedging                       –    136,855         491      137,346
        – Derivatives held for trading                       –         12           –           12

      Total liabilities                                      –    136,867         491      137,358




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                     150
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32. FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Cont’d)
   There were no transfers of assets / liabilities between the level 1, level 2 and level 3 fair value
   hierarchy classifications during the year.

   The following summarises the major methods and assumptions used in estimating the fair
   values of the assets and liabilities classified as level 2 or 3 and the valuation process for
   assets and liabilities classified as level 3:

   (i)   Investment property
         Level 2
         Fair values of car parks are generally derived using the direct comparison method. This
         valuation method is based on comparing the property to be valued directly with other
         comparable properties in close proximity, which have recently transacted. The most
         significant input into this valuation approach is unit price per parking space.

         Level 3
         Fair values of commercial building, industrial property and residential property are derived
         using the income capitalisation and market comparison method. Income capitalisation
         method is based on the capitalisation of the net income and reversionary income
         potential by adopting appropriate capitalisation rates, which are derived from analysis of
         sale transactions and valuers’ interpretation of prevailing investor requirements or
         expectations. The prevailing market rents adopted in the valuation have referenced to
         valuers’ view of recent lettings, within the subject property and other comparable
         property. The market comparison method takes into account properties that are similar in
         nature in the general locality, which have recently transacted, with adjustments made on
         factors such as size, age, location and condition. The most significant input in this
         valuation approach is the price per square feet.

         Discussion of valuation processes and results are held between the Group’s senior
         management and valuers to validate the major inputs and validation process.

         Significant inputs used to determine the fair value of investment property are as follows:

                                                   As of 31 March 2018               As of 31 March 2017
                                             Market rate /                    Market rate /
         Property    Valuation method        rent per month    Market yield   rent per month    Market yield

         Commercial Market comparison        HK$5,295/sq.ft                   HK$4,350/sq.ft
         Industrial Income capitalisation    HK$4.6 to       9.0% to 9.8%     HK$4.2 to       9.0% to 10.0%
                                              HK$7.0/sq.ft                     HK$7.0/sq.ft
         Residential Market comparison       HK$24,038/sq.ft                  HK$18,794/sq.ft


         Market rates / rents are estimated based on valuers’ view of recent lettings, within the
         subject property and other comparable property. The higher the rents, the higher the fair
         value.

         Market yields are estimated by valuers based on the risk profile of the property being
         valued. The lower the rates, the higher the fair value.



                                                    151
Annual Report 2018



32. FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Cont’d)
      (ii)       Other financial assets / liabilities
                 The majority of the Group’s other financial assets / liabilities are classified as level 2.
                 The Group relies on bank valuations to determine the fair value of financial assets /
                 liabilities which in turn are determined using discounted cash flow analysis. These
                 valuations maximise the use of observable market data. Commodity price and foreign
                 currency exchange prices are the key observable inputs in the valuation.

      (iii)      Financial assets / liabilities at fair value through profit and loss
                 The majority of the Group’s financial assets / liabilities at fair value through profit and
                 loss are structured foreign currency contracts with options features which are classified
                 as level 3. The Group relies on bank valuations to determine the fair value of the
                 instruments. Key observable inputs in the valuation are spot rates, strike rates, volatility,
                 time to expiration and risk free rate.

      The following table presents the changes in level 3 assets / (liabilities) for FY2017/18 and
      FY2016/17:
                                                                 Investment property

                                                                                                                                            Financial assets /
                                              Commercial              Industrial              Residential           Other financial      (liabilities) at fair value
                                                building               property                property           assets / (liabilities) through profit and loss             Total

                                              2018     2017        2018     2017             2018     2017          2018     2017             2018     2017              2018     2017
                                            US$’000 US$’000      US$’000 US$’000           US$’000 US$’000        US$’000 US$’000           US$’000 US$’000            US$’000 US$’000


      At beginning of the year              61,523   59,827       26,236      25,895        5,535      5,351           637            (4)           –            –     93,931        91,069
      Currency translations                      –           –       714           (435)         –            –           –            –         200             –        914          (435)
      Business combination (Note 28)             –           –          –             –          –            –           –            –       2,404             –      2,404             –
      Capitalised expenditure                3,475    1,438             –             –          –            –           –            –            –            –      3,475         1,438
      Disposal                                   –           –          –             –          –            –       (112)        (644)         240             –        128          (644)
      Fair value gains / (losses)                –         258       151           776      1,474           184       (519)      1,285      (32,278)             –     (31,172)       2,503


      At end of the year                    64,998   61,523       27,101      26,236        7,009      5,535              6         637     (29,434)             –     69,680        93,931


      Change in unrealised gains /
        (losses) for the year included
        in income statement for assets
        held at balance sheet date               –         258       151           776      1,474           184         24             –    (32,038)             –     (30,389)       1,218


      Total gains / (losses) for the year
         included in income statement
         under “Other income and gains,
         net”                                    –         258       151           776      1,474           184       (519)         648     (32,278)             –     (31,172)       1,866




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                                    152
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
  According to HKFRS 7 and HKFRS 9, financial assets represent assets with contractual rights
  to receive cash flows. Financial liabilities represent liabilities with contractual obligations to pay
  the cash flows to one or more recipients. The financial instruments of the Group are classified
  into 2 categories disclosed as below:
                                                                 Financial assets /      Financial assets /
                                                                         (liabilities)           (liabilities)
                                                                 at amortised cost             at fair value          Total
                                                                           US$’000                 US$’000         US$’000

  As of 31 March 2018
  Assets as per balance sheet
  Other non-current assets                                                   4,308                       –           4,308
  Other financial assets                                                         –                 151,798         151,798
  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                         –                   7,304           7,304
  Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                        677,140                       –         677,140
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                168,942                       –         168,942

  Total financial assets                                                   850,390                 159,102       1,009,492

  Liabilities as per balance sheet
  Other financial liabilities                                                     –                 (54,146)       (54,146)
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss                     –                 (36,738)        (36,738)
  Trade payables                                                          (357,315)                       –       (357,315)
  Other payables                                                          (196,193)                       –       (196,193)
  Borrowings                                                              (279,166)                       –       (279,166)
  Convertible bonds                                                       (213,018)                       –       (213,018)
  Put option wrtitten to a non-controlling interest                         (79,451)                      –         (79,451)

  Total financial liabilities                                           (1,125,143)                 (90,884)     (1,216,027)

  As of 31 March 2017
  Assets as per balance sheet
  Other non-current assets                                                   2,550                       –           2,550
  Other financial assets                                                         –                 212,559         212,559
  Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                        545,556                       –         545,556
  Pledged deposits                                                           4,747                       –           4,747
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                127,689                       –         127,689

  Total financial assets                                                   680,542                 212,559         893,101

  Liabilities as per balance sheet
  Other financial liabilities                                                     –               (137,358)       (137,358)
  Trade payables                                                          (288,262)                      –        (288,262)
  Other payables                                                          (143,605)                      –        (143,605)
  Borrowings                                                              (176,361)                      –        (176,361)
  Convertible bonds                                                       (207,610)                      –        (207,610)
  Finance lease                                                              (1,545)                     –           (1,545)

  Total financial liabilities                                             (817,383)               (137,358)       (954,741)




                                                           153
Annual Report 2018



34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial
      statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all of the years
      presented, unless otherwise stated.

      34.1 Consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of JEHL and all of
           its subsidiaries made up to 31 March 2018.

      34.2 Subsidiaries
           Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
           entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
           involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
           over the entity.

            Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
            Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

            The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The
            consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the
            assets and liabilities measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date and the
            equity interests issued by the Group. Acquisition transaction costs are expensed as
            incurred. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an
            acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s
            proportionate share of the recognised amounts of acquiree’s identifiable net assets.

            In JEHL’s balance sheet, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less
            impairment. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent
            consideration amendments. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment.

            The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount recognised for non-controlling
            interest and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree
            over the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If this is less than the
            fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is recognised directly in the income
            statement.

            Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains/losses on transactions
            between Group companies are eliminated.

            When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured
            to its fair value at the date when control is lost. Gains and losses arising on disposal is
            recognised in income statement. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other
            comprehensive income in respect of that entity are reclassified to profit and loss.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 154
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
   34.3 Associates
        Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control,
        generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
        Investments in associate are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Under
        the equity method, the investment is initially recognised at cost, and the carrying amount
        is increased or decreased to recognise the investor’s share of the profit and loss of the
        investee after the date of acquisition less dividends received. The Group’s investment in
        associates includes goodwill identified on acquisition.

         If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained,
         only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive
         income is reclassified to profit and loss where appropriate.

         The Group’s share of post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised in the income
         statement, and its share of post-acquisition movements in other comprehensive income
         is recognised in other comprehensive income with a corresponding adjustment to the
         carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s share of losses in an associate
         equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other long term unsecured
         receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred legal or
         constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

         Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associate are eliminated to
         the extent of the Group’s interest in the associate. Unrealised losses are also eliminated
         unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
         Accounting policies of associate have been changed where necessary to ensure
         consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.




                                             155
Annual Report 2018



34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      34.4 Foreign currency translation

            (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are
                  measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the
                  entity operates (“the functional currency”). The consolidated financial statements
                  are presented in US Dollars, which is JEHL’s functional and the Group’s
                  presentation currency.

            (b)   Transactions and balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the
                  exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items
                  are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
                  of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
                  monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised
                  in the income statement, except when deferred in equity as qualifying cash flow
                  hedges or qualifying net investment hedges. The foreign exchange gains and
                  losses are recognised within “selling and administrative expenses” in the income
                  statement.

            (c)   Group companies
                  The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the
                  currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different
                  from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency at the
                  year end closing rate for assets and liabilities and at average exchange rates for
                  the year for the income statement items. All resulting exchange differences are
                  recognised in other comprehensive income. On consolidation, exchange differences
                  arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities are taken to
                  other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is partially disposed of or
                  sold, such exchange differences (that were recorded in equity) are transferred out
                  of the exchange reserve and are recognised in the income statement as part of
                  the gain or loss on disposal.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited              156
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
   34.4 Foreign currency translation (Cont’d)

         (d)   Exchange rates
               The following table summarises the exchange rates which are frequently used on
               the consolidated financial statements.

                                                       Closing rate           Average rate for the year

                                                       2018           2017          2018          2017

               1 foreign currency unit to USD:
               Swiss Franc              CHF            1.045          0.999        1.031         1.013
               Euro                     EUR            1.231          1.067        1.171         1.098
               British Pound            GBP            1.408          1.247        1.327         1.308

               1 USD to foreign currency:
               Canadian Dollar        CAD            1.292         1.335          1.282         1.312
               Hong Kong Dollar       HKD            7.847         7.769          7.809         7.759
               Hungarian Forint       HUF          253.807       289.017        264.550       283.286
               Israeli Shekel         ILS            3.509         3.632          3.529         3.794
               Indian Rupee           INR           65.274        64.935         64.475        67.069
               Japanese Yen           JPY          106.838       111.982        110.865       107.991
               Mexican Peso           MXN           18.272        18.709         18.505        19.242
               Polish Zloty           PLN            3.415         3.946          3.606         3.964
               Chinese Renminbi       RMB            6.279         6.889          6.628         6.728
               Serbian Dinar          RSD           96.154       116.279        102.041       112.360


   34.5 Property, plant and equipment
        Property, plant and equipment other than investment property (Note 34.6) and leasehold
        land classified as finance lease are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
        accumulated impairment losses. Freehold land is not amortised. No depreciation is
        provided for assets under construction.

         Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a
         separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits
         associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
         reliably.

         The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
         the end of each reporting period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately
         to its estimated recoverable amount if this is lower.




                                                 157
Annual Report 2018



34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      34.5 Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
           Gains or losses arising from the disposal of property, plant and equipment are
           determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
           amounts of those assets and are recognised within other income and gains, net in the
           income statement.

            The depreciation policy is set out in Note 3.

      34.6 Investment property
           Property that is held for long term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and
           that is not occupied by the companies in the Group, is classified as investment property.

            Investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.
            After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Fair value is based on
            active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or
            condition of the specific asset. These valuations are reviewed annually determined by
            external appraisers. Changes in fair values are recognised in the income statement
            within other income and gains, net.

            Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is
            probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group
            and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

            If an item of property, plant and equipment becomes an investment property because its
            use has changed, any difference resulting between the carrying amount and the fair value
            of this item at the date of transfer is recognised in equity. If a fair value gain reverses a
            previous impairment loss, the gain is recognised in the income statement. Any balance of
            the decrease is recognised as an expense in the income statement.

      34.7 Intangible assets

            (a)   Goodwill
                  Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries is initially measured at cost and
                  it represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the net fair value of the
                  Group’s share of the net identifiable assets and the non-controlling interest of the
                  acquired subsidiary. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in
                  intangible assets.

                  The policy for impairment tests of goodwill is set out in Note 5.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 158
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
   34.7 Intangible assets (Cont’d)

         (b)   Brands with an indefinite useful life
               Brands that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are
               tested annually for impairment.

               The policy for impairment tests of brands with an indefinite useful life is set out in
               Note 5.

         (c)   Land use rights
               Up-front prepayments made for land use rights are expensed in the income
               statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease, or, when there is
               impairment, the impairment is expensed in the income statement.

         (d)   Research and development costs
               Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are only
               recognised as an intangible asset where the technical feasibility and intention of
               completing the product under development has been demonstrated and the
               resources are available to do so, costs are identifiable, can be reliably measured
               and there is an ability to sell or use the asset that will generate probable future
               economic benefits. Research and development costs that do not meet the above
               criteria are expensed as incurred.

         (e)   Other Intangible assets
               Patents, technology, brands, client relationships that are acquired by the Group are
               stated in the balance sheet at fair value at the date of acquisition less
               accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.

               The policy for amortisation of intangible assets is set out in Note 5.

   34.8 Impairment of investments in subsidiaries, associates and non-financial assets
        Assets that have an indefinite useful life (e.g. goodwill) and assets that are not subject
        to amortisation and depreciation are tested annually for impairment. Assets are reviewed
        for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
        amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by
        which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount (the higher of an
        asset’s fair value less costs to sell and the value in use). For the purpose of assessing
        impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
        identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill
        that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each
        reporting date.

         Impairment testing of investments in subsidiaries or associates is required if the carrying
         amount of the investment exceeds the carrying amount of the investee’s net assets
         including goodwill.




                                             159
Annual Report 2018



34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      34.9 Financial assets
           The Group’s financial assets only comprise debt instruments, and it classifies its
           financial assets (not part of a hedging relationship) in the following categories: those to
           be measured at amortised cost, and those to be measured subsequently at fair value.

            (a)    Financial assets at amortised cost
                   A financial asset is classified as measured at ‘amortised cost’ only if both of the
                   following criteria are met: the objective is to hold the asset to collect the
                   contractual cash flows; and the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to
                   cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
                   outstanding. A gain or loss is recognised in profit and loss when the financial
                   asset is derecognised or impaired and through the amortisation process using the
                   effective interest rate method.

            (b)    Financial assets at fair value
                   If either of the two criteria above are not met, a financial asset is classified as
                   measured at ‘fair value through profit and loss’. The subsequent unrealised and
                   realised fair value changes are recognised in profit and loss.

                   At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in
                   the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
                   costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial assets.
                   Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are
                   expensed in the income statement.

            The financial asset is classified as a non-current asset when the remaining maturity of
            the instrument is more than 12 months, and is classified as a current asset when the
            remaining maturity of the instrument is less than 12 months.

      34.10 Other financial assets and liabilities

            (a)    Other financial assets and liabilities related to hedging activities
                   Other financial assets and liabilities are forward and swap contracts related to
                   hedging activities.

                   Hedging instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date a contract is
                   entered into and are subsequently remeasured at their fair value. The method of
                   recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being
                   hedged:

                   •   Hedges of a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a
                       highly probable forecast transaction (cash flow hedge); or
                   •   Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedge); or
                   •   Hedges of the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities or a firm commitment
                       (fair value hedge).




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                    160
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
   34.10 Other financial assets and liabilities (Cont’d)

         (a)    Other financial assets and liabilities related to hedging activities (Cont’d)
                The Group documents, at the inception of the transaction, the relationship between
                hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives
                and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also
                documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of
                whether the hedging instruments that are used in hedging transactions are highly
                effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items.

                Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship, and
                through periodic prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an
                economic relationship exists between the hedged item and hedging instrument.
                The Group enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging
                instrument match exactly with the terms of the hedged item, and so a qualitative
                assessment of effectiveness is performed.

                (i)    Cash flow hedge
                       A cash flow hedge of the Group hedges a particular risk associated with a
                       highly probable forecast transaction. The effective portion of changes in the
                       fair value of financial instruments designated and qualified as cash flow
                       hedges are recognised in hedging reserve within equity.

                       Ineffectiveness is recognised on a cash flow hedge where the cumulative
                       change in the value of the hedging instrument exceeds on an absolute basis
                       the change in value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

                       When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a
                       hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative
                       deferred gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging in equity at that time
                       remains in equity until the forecast transaction occurs, resulting the
                       recognition of a non-financial asset such as inventory.

                       When the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative
                       gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging that were reported in equity are
                       immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

                       The policy for recognition of hedging gain or loss is set out in Note 7.




                                                161
Annual Report 2018



34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      34.10 Other financial assets and liabilities (Cont’d)

            (a)    Other financial assets and liabilities related to hedging activities (Cont’d)

                   (ii)    Net investment hedge
                           A net investment hedge of the Group hedges net investments in foreign
                           operations. Any unrealised and realised gain or loss of the hedging
                           instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income within exchange
                           reserve.

                           Gains and losses accumulated in equity are recycled to income statement
                           when the foreign operation is partially disposed of or sold.

                   (iii)   Fair value hedge
                           A fair value hedge of the Group hedges the CAD intercompany loan interest
                           balance. Unrealised and realised gain or loss of the hedging instrument is
                           recognised in the income statement to offset the loss or gain on the CAD
                           intercompany loan interest balance attributable to the risk being hedged.

            (b)    Financial instruments held for trading that do not qualify for hedge accounting
                   Financial instruments designated as held for trading do not qualify for hedge
                   accounting and are accounted for at fair value through profit and loss. Changes in
                   the fair value of these financial instruments are recognised immediately in the
                   income statement within other income and gains, net.

            The fair values of various financial instruments used for hedging purposes are disclosed
            in Note 7. Movements in the hedging reserve in shareholders’ equity are shown in Note
            19. The full fair value of a hedging financial instrument is classified as a non-current
            asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedge item is more than 12 months,
            and is classified as a current asset or liability when the remaining maturing of the hedge
            item is less than 12 months.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  162
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
   34.11 Inventories
         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost, calculated on a
         first-in-first-out basis, comprises materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of
         all production overhead expenditure. The value calculated approximates the weighted-
         average actual cost. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
         course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.

   34.12 Trade and other receivables
         Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently
         measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for
         impairment. A provision for impairment of trade and other receivables is established
         when there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts
         dues according to the original terms of receivables; that is, the difference between the
         asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows,
         discounted at the original effective interest rate. The impairment charge is recognised
         within “selling and administrative expenses” in the income statement. When a trade
         receivable is uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance account for trade
         receivables. Subsequent recoveries are credited in the income statement.

   34.13 Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits with banks that
         are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an
         insignificant risk of change in value, and with original maturities of three months or less.

   34.14 Trade, other payables and deferred income
         Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured
         at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Trade and other payables with
         obligations to pay within 12 months are classified as current liabilities. Trade and other
         payables with obligations to pay for at least 12 months after the end of reporting period
         are classified as non-current liabilities.

         The Group’s other payables are mainly accrued expenses and payroll.

         Any contribution towards the cost of the assembly line and tools and moulds, received
         from the customer, is recorded as deferred income in the balance sheet and then
         recognised as income on a straight-line basis over the terms of the agreement with the
         customer. Amount being released to income statement for the 12 months after the end
         of reporting period is classified as current liabilities. Amount being released to income
         statement over 12 months after the end of reporting period is classified as non-current
         liabilities.




                                               163
Annual Report 2018



34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      34.15 Borrowings
            Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred and are
            subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of
            transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the income statement over
            the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

            Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional
            right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the end of
            reporting period.

      34.16 Convertible bonds
            Convertible bonds are accounted for as the aggregate of (i) a liability component and (ii)
            an equity component.

            At initial recognition, the fair value of the liability component of the convertible bonds is
            determined using a market interest rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond. The
            remainder of the proceeds is allocated to the conversion option as an equity component,
            recognised in shareholder’s equity in other reserve.

            The liability component is subsequently carried at amortised cost, calculated using the
            effective interest method, until extinguished on conversion or maturity.

      34.17 Current and deferred income tax
            The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in
            the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in
            comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in
            comprehensive income or directly in equity.

            The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
            substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where JEHL’s
            subsidiaries and associate operate and generate taxable income. Management
            periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which
            applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and establishes accruals where
            appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

            Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences
            arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the
            consolidated financial statements. However, the deferred income tax is not accounted for
            if it arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a
            business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor
            taxable profit and loss at the time of such a transaction. Deferred income tax is
            determined using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date
            or expected to be applied in future.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 164
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
   34.17 Current and deferred income tax (Cont’d)
         Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that
         future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be
         utilised.

         Deferred income tax liability is recognised in respect of the undistributed profits of
         subsidiaries which is expected to be distributed in the foreseeable future.

         The policy for offsetting deferred income tax assets and liabilities is set out in Note 17.

   34.18 Share capital
         Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the
         issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the
         proceeds.

         Where any Group company purchases JEHL’s equity share capital, the consideration paid,
         including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes), is deducted
         from equity until the shares are vested, cancelled or reissued. Where such shares are
         subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received (net of any directly attributable
         incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects) is included in equity
         attributable to JEHL’s shareholders.

   34.19 Employee compensation

         (a)   Pension obligations
               Group companies operate various pension schemes. The schemes are generally
               funded through payments to insurance companies or trustee-administered funds,
               determined by periodic actuarial calculations. The Group has both defined
               contribution and defined benefit plans.

               (i)    Defined contribution plan
                      For defined contribution plans, the Group and the employees pay fixed
                      contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans
                      on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                      payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. Contributions
                      are recognised as employee compensation when they are due and are
                      reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the
                      scheme prior to vesting fully in the contributions.

               (ii)   Defined benefit plan
                      Defined benefit plans define an amount of pension benefit that an employee
                      will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as
                      age, years of service and compensation. The Group’s long service payment
                      is a kind of defined benefit plan.




                                              165
Annual Report 2018



34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      34.19 Employee compensation (Cont’d)

            (a)   Pension obligations (Cont’d)

                  (ii)   Defined benefit plan (Cont’d)
                         The liability recognised in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit
                         pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the
                         end of the reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined
                         benefit obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the
                         projected unit credit method by discounting the estimated future cash
                         outflows using interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are
                         denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid and that have
                         terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension liability.

                         Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes
                         in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other
                         comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

                         Past-service costs are recognised immediately in the income statement.

            (b)   Share-based compensation
                  The Group operates a number of share-based compensation plans, settled by equity,
                  under which the entity receives services from employees as consideration for equity
                  instruments of the Group. The fair value of such employee services is recognised as
                  an expense. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair
                  value of the shares granted.

                  For share-based compensation settled by equity, shares granted to eligible
                  employees for their services are charged as an expense based on the share price at
                  the grant date.

                  Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of
                  shares expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period,
                  which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be
                  satisfied. At the end of each reporting period, the entity revises its estimates of the
                  number of shares that are expected to vest. Any impact of the revision to original
                  estimates are recognised in the income statement, with a corresponding adjustment
                  to equity.

                  The grant by the Company of shares over its equity instruments to the employees of
                  subsidiary undertakings in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair
                  value of employee services received, measured by reference to the grant date fair
                  value, is recognised over the vesting period, with a credit to equity in the parent
                  entity accounts.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                166
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
   34.19 Employee compensation (Cont’d)

         (c)   Profit sharing and bonus plans
               The Group recognise charges for profit sharing and bonus plans due wholly within
               twelve months after balance sheet date when it has a legal or constructive
               obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of
               the obligation can be made.

   34.20 Judgmental accruals, valuation allowances and provisions
         Judgmental accruals, valuation allowances and provisions are recognised when the
         company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is
         probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and a
         reliable estimate of the amount can be made.

   34.21 Government grants
         Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable
         assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached
         conditions.

         Government grants relating to future operating costs are recognised in the income
         statement over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended
         to compensate. Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or
         losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the
         Group with no future related costs are recognised in income statement in the period in
         which they become receivable.

         Government grants relating to assets are included in liabilities as deferred government
         grants and are credited to the income statement on a straight-line basis over the
         expected lives of the related assets.

   34.22 Revenue recognition
         Revenue is shown net of valued-added tax, returns, rebates and discounts and after
         eliminating sales within the Group.

         (a)   Sales of goods
               Revenue from the sales of goods is recognised on the transfer of risks and
               rewards of ownership, which generally coincides with the time when the goods are
               delivered to the customer and title has passed.

         (b)   Interest income
               Interest income is recognised when it is earned on a time-proportion basis using
               the effective interest method.

         (c)   Rental income
               Rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.




                                             167
Annual Report 2018



34. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      34.23 Leases
            HKAS 17 defines a lease as being an agreement whereby the lessor conveys to the
            lessee in return for a payment, or series of payments, the right to use an asset for an
            agreed period of time.

            (a)    Finance leases as the lessee
                   The Group leases certain property, plant and equipment. Leases of property, plant
                   and equipment where the Group has substantially all the risks and rewards of
                   ownership are classified as finance leases. Finance leases are capitalised at the
                   lease’s commencement at the lower of the fair value of the leased property and
                   the present value of the minimum lease payments.

                   Each lease payment is allocated between interest charged to the financial
                   statement and reduction of liabilities based on the interest rate implied in the
                   lease contracts. The corresponding rental obligations, net of finance charges, are
                   included in other short term and other long term payables. The property, plant and
                   equipment acquired under finance leases is depreciated over the shorter of the
                   useful life of the asset and the lease term.

            (b)    Operating leases as the lessee
                   Leases where substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of assets
                   remain with the leasing company are accounted for as operating leases. Payments
                   made under operating leases, net of any incentives from the leasing company, are
                   recognised in the income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

      34.24 Dividend distribution
            Dividend distribution to JEHL’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s and
            JEHL’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by JEHL’s
            shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

      34.25 Contingent liabilities
            A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose
            existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
            uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the company. It can also be a
            present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because it is not
            probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
            cannot be measured reliably. A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in
            the notes to the accounts. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that
            the outflow is probable (more likely than not), it will then be recognised as a liability on
            the balance sheet.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                168
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




35. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
  Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are made based on historical
  experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be
  reasonable under the circumstances.

  The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting
  estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and
  assumptions that have a risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
  assets and liabilities with the next financial year are addressed below.

  (a)   Assessment of impairment for goodwill and brands with an indefinite useful life
        The Group tests annually whether goodwill and brands with an indefinite useful life have
        suffered any impairment and when there is indication that they may be impaired, in
        accordance with the accounting policy stated in Note 5. In respect of brands with an
        indefinite useful life, the recoverable amount is based on its fair value less cost of
        disposal. For goodwill, the recoverable amounts of cash-generating units have been
        determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations require the use of
        estimates (Note 5).

  (b)   Income taxes and deferred tax assets
        The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is
        required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many
        transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The
        Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues when management assesses
        that it is probable such issues will impact the current and deferred income tax assets
        and liabilities.

        Deferred tax assets are recognised, particularly in respect of the tax losses, to the extent
        that it is probable that future taxable profit or taxable temporary differences will be
        available against which the deferred tax assets can be utilised. It involves significant
        judgement when determining probable future taxable profits and temporary differences
        for the realisation of the deferred tax assets.




                                             169
Annual Report 2018



35. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Cont’d)
      (c)   Warranty and claims
            The Group generally offers warranties for its motors and other products. Provisions for
            estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold.
            These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency
            and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and
            industry developments and recoveries from third parties. On specific claims brought
            against the Group by customers, a provision is made based on the consideration of the
            merits of a warranty claim against the Group, the existence of any obligation under the
            warranty commitment and legal advice if appropriate. These warranty and claims typically
            arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to,
            commercial or contractual disputes with our customers and suppliers, intellectual
            property matters, personal injury, product liability, environmental and employment claims.

      (d)   Useful lives and impairment assessments of property, plant and equipment and other
            intangible assets
            The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives, residual values and
            related depreciation and amortisation charges for property, plant and equipment and
            other intangible assets by reference to the estimated periods that the Group intends to
            derive future economic benefits from the use of these assets. Management will revise
            the depreciation and amortisation charges where useful lives are different to those
            previously estimated, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic
            assets that have been abandoned or sold. Actual economic lives may differ from
            estimated useful lives and actual residual values may differ from estimated residual
            values. Periodic reviews could result in a change in depreciable lives and residual values
            and therefore depreciation and amortisation expense in the future periods.

            The Group reviews tangible and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or
            changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be
            recovered. Assessing the impairment loss requires a determination of recoverable
            amount which is based on the best estimates and information available.

      (e)   Fair value of other financial assets/liabilities and financial assets/liabilities at fair value
            through profit and loss
            The fair value of other financial assets/liabilities and financial assets/liabilities at fair
            value through profit and loss is determined using various valuation techniques such as
            discounted cash flow analysis. Copper, silver, aluminium, iron ore and coking coal prices
            and foreign currency exchange price are the key inputs in the valuation.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                 170
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




35. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Cont’d)
   (f)   Fair value of investment property
         The Group’s investment property is revalued at the balance sheet date on the open
         market value basis by independent professional valuers. Such valuations are based on
         certain assumptions, which are subject to uncertainty and might materially differ from the
         actual results. In making the judgement on whether such valuations and assumptions
         made by the valuers are reasonable, the Group considers information from comparable
         current prices in an active market for similar property, capitalisation rates, terminal yield,
         rental income from current leases and assumptions about rental from future leases and
         the reversionary income potential and uses assumptions that are mainly based on
         market conditions existing at each balance sheet date. The main assumptions have been
         disclosed in Note 32.

   (g)   Business combination
         The recognition of business combination requires the excess of the purchase price of
         acquisitions over the net book value of assets acquired to be allocated to the assets
         and liabilities of the acquired entity. The Group makes judgements and estimates to
         determine the fair value of acquired assets and the liabilities at the acquisition date.




                                               171
Annual Report 2018



36. EFFECT OF ADOPTING NEW, REVISED AND AMENDED
    HKFRS
      Standards, interpretations and amendments to published standards effective in FY2017/18
      which are relevant to the Group

      In FY2017/18, the Group adopted the following revised and amended standards of HKFRS below,
      which are relevant to its operations and have an impact on the consolidated financial statements:

      HKFRS 12 (amendments)                Annual Improvements 2014-2016 Cycle

      HKAS 7 (amendments)                  Disclosure Initiative

      HKAS 12 (amendments)                 Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses


      The adoption of such revised and amended standards did not have a material impact on the
      consolidated financial statements.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                172
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




36. EFFECT OF ADOPTING NEW, REVISED AND AMENDED
    HKFRS (Cont’d)
  Standards and amendments to published standards that are not effective in FY2017/18
  Certain new standards and amendments to existing standards have been published that are
  mandatory for the Group’s accounting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2018 or later periods,
  which the Group has not early adopted, are as follows:

  Annual Improvements 2014-2016                Improvements to HKFRSs 1
    Cycle

  Annual Improvements 2015-2017                Improvements to HKFRSs 4
    Cycle

  HKAS 40 (amendment)                          Transfer of investment property 1

  HKFRS 2 (amendment)                          Classification and measurement of share-based payment
                                                  transaction 1

  HKFRS 4 (amendment)                          Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4
                                                 Insurance Contracts 2

  HKFRS 9                                      Financial instruments 3

  HKFRS 10 (amendment) and HKAS Sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its
    28 (amendment)                associate or joint venture 5

  HKFRS 15                                     Revenue from contracts with customer 1

  HKFRS 16                                     Leases 4

  HK(IFRIC) 22                                 Foreign currency transactions and advance consideration 1

  HK(IFRIC) 23                                 Uncertainty over income tax treatments 4


  Note:
  (1) Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018
  (2) Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018 or when the entity first applies HKFRS 9
  (3) Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, except for the 2010 version of HKFRS 9 and the
      new requirements for hedge accounting issued in 2013, which the Group early adopted
  (4) Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019
  (5) To be determined


  The Group is in the process of making an assessment of the impact of these amendments to
  existing standards, new standards and new interpretations in the period of initial application. In
  addition to the above, there are a number of minor amendments to HKAS/HKFRS under the
  annual improvement project of HKICPA. Other than HKFRS 16 “Leases”, the Group has
  analysed these amendments and these amendments are not likely to have a significant impact
  on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                      173
Annual Report 2018



37. JEHL COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
      37.1 JEHL company balance sheet


                                                                               2018          2017
                                                                             US$’000      US$’000

            Non-current assets
              Interest in subsidiaries                                      1,560,172    1,477,172
              Other financial assets                                            5,252       24,516
                                                                            1,565,424    1,501,688
            Current assets
              Amounts due from subsidiaries                                  528,064      593,747
              Other financial assets                                           5,491       10,619
              Other receivables                                                3,671        2,463
              Cash and cash equivalents                                           46           56
                                                                             537,272      606,885
            Current liabilities
              Amounts due to a subsidiary                                           1            1
              Other payables                                                    1,643        1,565
                                                                                1,644        1,566
            Non-current liabilities
              Other financial liabilities                                     24,419            –
              Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss      8,275            –
              Borrowings                                                      74,385       74,279
              Convertible bonds                                              213,018      207,610
              Deferred income tax liabilities                                    835        1,638
                                                                             320,932      283,527
            NET ASSETS                                                      1,780,120    1,823,480

            Equity
              Share capital – Ordinary shares (at par value)                    5,670        5,670
              Shares held for incentive share schemes
                (at purchase cost)                                            (55,219)      (64,813)
              Reserves                                                      1,829,669    1,882,623
            TOTAL EQUITY                                                    1,780,120    1,823,480


            Approved by the Board of Directors on 16 May 2018.




            Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP                         Winnie Wing-Yee Wang
            Director                                           Director




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                  174
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37. JEHL COMPANY BALANCE SHEET (Cont’d)
   37.2 JEHL reserves
        The reserve movements of JEHL for FY2017/18 and FY2016/17 are set below:

                                                 Share-based
                                                   employee
                                    Contributed compensation      Hedging      Other    Retained
                                       surplus       reserve      reserve    reserve    earnings        Total
                                      US$’000       US$’000      US$’000    US$’000     US$’000      US$’000


        As of 31 March 2016            57,621        17,516       25,061        955    1,731,046    1,832,199
        Hedging instruments
         – fair value gains, net             –               –    16,550          –            –      16,550
         – transferred to income
           statement                         –               –    (6,476)         –            –       (6,476)
        Incentive share schemes
          – shares vested               (1,015)      (9,622)           –          –            –      (10,637)
          – value of employee
            services                         –       12,376            –          –            –      12,376
        Profit for the year                  –               –         –          –      94,006       94,006
        FY2015/16 final dividend
          paid                               –               –         –          –      (37,672)     (37,672)
        FY2016/17 interim
          dividend paid                      –               –         –          –      (17,723)     (17,723)

        As of 31 March 2017            56,606        20,270       35,135        955    1,769,657    1,882,623

        Final dividend proposed             –             –            –          –       37,600       37,600
        Other                          56,606        20,270       35,135        955    1,732,057    1,845,023

        As of 31 March 2017            56,606        20,270       35,135        955    1,769,657    1,882,623


        Hedging instruments
         – fair value losses, net            –           –       (41,622)         –            –      (41,622)
         – transferred to income
           statement                         –           –        (7,190)         –            –       (7,190)
        Incentive share schemes
          – shares vested                 488      (10,082)            –          –            –       (9,594)
          – value of employee
            services                         –     12,685              –          –            –      12,685
        Profit for the year                  –           –             –          –      49,265       49,265
        FY2016/17 final dividend
          paid                               –           –             –          –      (37,735)     (37,735)
        FY2017/18 interim
          dividend paid                      –           –             –          –      (18,763)     (18,763)

        As of 31 March 2018            57,094       22,873       (13,677)       955    1,762,424    1,829,669

        Final dividend proposed             –           –              –          –       37,360       37,360
        Other                          57,094      22,873        (13,677)       955    1,725,064    1,792,309

        As of 31 March 2018            57,094       22,873       (13,677)       955    1,762,424    1,829,669




                                                   175
Annual Report 2018



38. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
      The following list contains particulars of subsidiaries and associates of the Group that in the
      opinion of the directors, materially affect the results and assets of the Group:

                                                                     Place of                                  Effective
                                                                     incorporation/                          shareholding
                                                                     establishment    Issued and            by               by
      Name                             Principal activities          and operation    paid up capital     JEHL       subsidiary


      Subsidiaries

      AML Automotive Active            Manufacturing                 China            RMB27,244,529          –           100%
        Modules (Wuxi) Co., Ltd.*
        (formerly known as “AML
        Automotive Active Lighting
        Module (Wuxi) Co., Ltd.”)

      AML Systems SAS                  Manufacturing, sales and      France           EUR9,015,000           –           100%
                                         marketing, R&D and
                                         licensing

      Changchun Ri Yong JEA Gate       Manufacturing, sales and      China            RMB10,000,000          –            70%
        Electric Co., Ltd.#              marketing

      Chengdu Ri Yong JEA Gate         Manufacturing, sales and      China            RMB20,000,000          –            70%
        Electric Co Ltd #                marketing

      Easy Fortune (H.K.) Ltd.         Property investment           British Virgin   US$50,000              –           100%
                                                                        Islands

      Gate do Brasil Ltda.             Manufacturing, sales and      Brazil           BRL129,943,887.27      –           100%
                                         marketing

      Harbour Sky (BVI) Ltd.           Property investment           British Virgin   US$50,000              –           100%
                                                                        Islands

      Halla Stackpole (Beijing)        Manufacturing, R&D,           China            US$14,000,000          –            80%
        Automotive Co Ltd #              sales and marketing

      Halla Stackpole Corporation #    Manufacturing, sales and      Korea            KRW37,800,000,000      –            80%
                                         marketing, R&D, licensing


      *   Wholly foreign owned enterprises
      #
          Equity joint ventures




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                 176
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (Cont’d)
                                                                  Place of                                        Effective
                                                                  incorporation/                                shareholding
                                                                  establishment    Issued and              by                by
   Name                             Principal activities          and operation    paid up capital       JEHL        subsidiary


   Subsidiaries

   Hwa Sun (Guangdong) Co           Manufacturing, sales and      China            US$15,200,000            –            100%
     Ltd *                            marketing

   Hwa Sun (Jiangmen) Co Ltd *      Manufacturing, sales and      China            RMB79,927,920            –            100%
                                      marketing

   Johnson Electric Asia Pacific    Provision of service          Hong Kong        HK$2                     –            100%
     Limited

   Johnson Electric Asti S.r.l.     Manufacturing, sales and      Italy            EUR2,600,000             –            100%
                                      marketing, R&D, licensing

   Johnson Electric (Beihai) Co     Manufacturing, sales and      China            US$12,000,000            –            100%
     Ltd *                            marketing

   Johnson Electric Doo Niš         Manufacturing                 Serbia           RSD1,371,076,608.42      –            100%

   Johnson Electric Germany         Manufacturing, sales and      Germany          EUR15,338,800            –            100%
     GmbH & Co. KG                    marketing, R&D, licensing

   Johnson Electric Group           Manufacturing                 Mexico           MXN257,331,893           –            100%
     Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.

   Johnson Electric                 Manufacturing, sales and      China            US$4,250,000             –            100%
     (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. *          marketing, R&D

   Johnson Electric                 Manufacturing, R&D,           Hungary          EUR160,130               –            100%
     Hungary Kft.                     provision of service

   Johnson Electric Industrial      Manufacturing, sales and      Hong Kong        HK$3,010,609,091      100%                  –
     Manufactory, Limited             marketing


   *   Wholly foreign owned enterprises
   #
       Equity joint ventures




                                                               177
Annual Report 2018



38. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (Cont’d)
                                                                    Place of                                  Effective
                                                                    incorporation/                          shareholding
                                                                    establishment      Issued and          by               by
      Name                             Principal activities         and operation      paid up capital   JEHL       subsidiary


      Subsidiaries

      Johnson Electric International   Sales and marketing, R&D,    Switzerland        CHF12,002,112        –           100%
        AG                               provision of service,
                                         licensing

      Johnson Electric International   Sales and marketing          France             EUR100,000           –           100%
        France S.a.r.l.

      Johnson Electric International   Sales and marketing          Italy              EUR3,700,000         –           100%
        (IT) S.r.l.

      Johnson Electric International   Provision of service,        Hong Kong          HK$80,000,000        –           100%
        Limited                           investment holding

      Johnson Electric International   Sales and marketing          Netherlands        EUR135,000           –           100%
        Netherlands B.V.

      Johnson Electric International   Licensing, sales and         United Kingdom     GBP488,187,878       –           100%
        (UK) Limited                      marketing, R&D

      Johnson Electric (Jiangmen)      Manufacturing, sales and     China              RMB100,000           –           100%
        Co Ltd *                         marketing, R&D

      Johnson Electric Nanjing Co.,    Manufacturing, sales and     China              US$6,100,000         –           100%
        Ltd. *                           marketing, R&D

      Johnson Electric North           Sales and marketing          United States of   US$120,000           –           100%
        America, Inc.                                                 America

      Johnson Electric PC UK           Manufacturing                United Kingdom     GBP1                 –           100%
        Limited (formerly “Johnson
        Electric Birmingham
        Limited”)

      Johnson Electric Poland          Manufacturing                Poland             PLN41,651,000        –           100%
        Sp.z o.o.


      *   Wholly foreign owned enterprises
      #
          Equity joint ventures




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                 178
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (Cont’d)
                                                                    Place of                                   Effective
                                                                    incorporation/                           shareholding
                                                                    establishment      Issued and           by               by
   Name                             Principal activities            and operation      paid up capital    JEHL       subsidiary


   Subsidiaries

   Johnson Electric Private         Manufacturing, sales and        India              INR1,044,096,500      –           100%
     Limited                          marketing

   Johnson Electric Saint Remy      Manufacturing, sales and        France             EUR382,000            –           100%
     SAS (formerly known as           marketing
     “Gate France SAS”)

   Johnson Electric Services        Provision of service            Italy              EUR10,000             –           100%
     Italia S.r.l.

   Johnson Electric (Shanghai)      Sales and marketing             China              US$200,000            –           100%
     Company Limited *

   Johnson Electric (Shenzhen)      R&D                             China              HK$30,000,000         –           100%
     Co., Ltd. *

   Johnson Electric Switzerland     Manufacturing, R&D              Switzerland        CHF5,000,000          –           100%
     AG

   Johnson Electric Technology      Provision of service            China              US$130,000            –           100%
     Service (Shenzhen)
     Co Ltd *

   Johnson Electric Trading         Sales and marketing             Mexico             MXN39,222,400         –           100%
     Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.

   Johnson Electric World Trade     Provision of service, sales     Hong Kong          HK$100,000         100%               –
     Limited                           and marketing

   Johnson Medtech (HK)             Manufacturing, sales and        Hong Kong          HK$1                  –           100%
     Limited                          marketing, R&D

   Johnson Medtech LLC              Sales and marketing, R&D        United States of   US$1,000,000          –           100%
                                                                      America


   *   Wholly foreign owned enterprises
   #
       Equity joint ventures




                                                                  179
Annual Report 2018



38. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (Cont’d)
                                                                    Place of                                  Effective
                                                                    incorporation/                          shareholding
                                                                    establishment      Issued and          by               by
      Name                             Principal activities         and operation      paid up capital   JEHL       subsidiary


      Subsidiaries

      Johnson Medtech                  Manufacturing, sales and     China              US$2,100,000         –           100%
        (Shenzhen) Co Ltd *              marketing

      M.M.A. (Manufactura de           Manufacturing, sales and     Argentina          ARS3,880,000         –           100%
        Motores Argentinos) S.r.l.       marketing

      Nanomotion Ltd.                  Manufacturing, sales and     Israel             US$904,371.75        –           100%
                                         marketing, R&D

      Parlex Pacific Limited           Manufacturing, sales and     Hong Kong          HK$10,000            –           100%
                                         marketing, R&D

      Parlex (Shanghai) Electronics    Manufacturing, sales and     China              US$15,000,000        –           100%
        Co., Ltd. *                      marketing, R&D

      Parlex USA LLC                   Manufacturing, sales and     United States of   US$88,319,640        –           100%
                                         marketing, R&D               America

      Saia-Burgess Automotive          Manufacturing, sales and     United States of   US$8,000,000         –           100%
        Actuators LLC                    marketing, R&D               America

      Saia-Burgess LLC                 Manufacturing, sales and     United States of   US$12,600,126        –           100%
                                         marketing, R&D               America

      Shanghai Malu Ri Yong JEA        Manufacturing, sales and     China              RMB85,000,000        –            70%
        Gate Electric Co Ltd #           marketing, R&D

      Stackpole Automotive             Manufacturing, sales and     China              US$20,000,000        –           100%
        Engineered Products              marketing
        (Changzhou) Co Ltd *

      Stackpole International          Manufacturing, sales and     Canada             CAD129,963,738       –           100%
        Engineered Products, Ltd.        marketing, R&D


      *   Wholly foreign owned enterprises
      #
          Equity joint ventures




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                 180
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (Cont’d)
                                                                 Place of                                Effective
                                                                 incorporation/                        shareholding
                                                                 establishment    Issued and          by               by
   Name                             Principal activities         and operation    paid up capital   JEHL       subsidiary


   Subsidiaries

   Stackpole International Global Investment holding             Luxembourg       CAD8,401,525         –           100%
     Holding, Co., S.A.

   Stackpole International          Manufacturing, sales and     Turkey           TRY39,865,350        –           100%
     Otomotiv Urunleri Limited        marketing
     Sirketi

   Stackpole International          Manufacturing, sales and     Canada           CAD211,982,801       –           100%
     Powder Metal, Ltd.               marketing, R&D

   Stackpole Powertrain             Sales and marketing, R&D     Germany          EUR25,000            –           100%
     International GmbH


   V Motor (China) Ltd *            Sales and marketing          China            US$6,000,000         –           100%


   Wuhan Ri Yong JEA Gate           Manufacturing, sales and     China            RMB20,000,000        –            70%
     Electric Co., Ltd #              marketing


   Yantai Ri Yong JEA Gate          Manufacturing, sales and     China            RMB20,000,000        –            70%
     Electric Co., Ltd #              marketing


   Zhengzhou Ri Yong JEA Gate       Manufacturing, sales and     China            RMB5,000,000         –            70%
     Electric Co., Ltd #              marketing


   Associate

   Shenzhen SMART Micromotor        Manufacturing, sales and     China            US$2,100,000         –            49%
     Co Ltd #                         marketing


   *   Wholly foreign owned enterprises
   #
       Equity joint ventures




                                                               181
JOHNSON ELECTRIC GROUP TEN-YEAR SUMMARY
US$ million                                                                                            2018                  2017                   2016

Consolidated income statement
Sales                                                                                               3,236.6               2,776.1                 2,235.9
Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) 1                                                             336.3                 300.3                   209.8
Profit before income tax                                                                              322.8                 290.3                   206.6
Income tax (expense) / income                                                                         (48.6)                 (43.8)                  (23.9)
Discontinued operations                                                                                   –                       –                      –
Profit for the year                                                                                   274.2                 246.5                   182.7
Non-controlling interests                                                                             (10.2)                   (8.6)                 (10.0)
Profit attributable to shareholders                                                                   264.0                 237.9                   172.7

Consolidated balance sheet
Fixed assets                                                                                        1,214.6                 892.8                   759.0
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                      1,178.6               1,076.7                 1,083.4
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             168.9                 127.7                   193.3
Other current and non-current assets                                                                1,440.1               1,257.5                 1,113.7

Total assets                                                                                        4,002.2               3,354.7                 3,149.4

Equity attributable to shareholders                                                                 2,298.4               1,992.2                 1,842.6
Non-controlling interests                                                                              67.4                  32.8                    42.2

Total equity                                                                                        2,365.8               2,025.0                 1,884.8
Total debt 2                                                                                          492.2                 384.0                   422.5
Other current and non-current liabilities                                                           1,144.2                 945.7                   842.1

Total equity and liabilities                                                                        4,002.2               3,354.7                 3,149.4

Per share data 3
Basic earnings per share – continuing operations (US cents)                                             30.6                  27.7                   20.1
Dividend per share (US cents)                                                                            6.5                   6.4                    6.3
Closing stock price (HKD)                                                                               29.5                  23.2                   24.0

Other information
Free cash flow from operations 4                                                                       88.2                 160.1                    70.8
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)                                 519.8                 448.4                   321.9
EBITDA to sales %                                                                                    16.1%                  16.2%                   14.4%
Capital expenditure (CAPEX)                                                                           305.8                 240.2                   186.2
CAPEX to sales %                                                                                       9.4%                  8.7%                    8.3%
Market Capitalisation                                                                               3,236.1               2,565.6                 2,643.3
Enterprise Value (EV)                                                                               3,626.7               2,854.7                 2,914.7
EV / EBITDA 5                                                                                            7.0                  6.3                     7.9

Ratios
EBIT to sales %                                                                                       10.4%                 10.8%                    9.4%
Return on average total equity % 6                                                                    12.5%                 12.6%                    9.7%
Free cash flow from operations to debt %                                                               18%                    42%                     17%
Total debt to EBITDA (times) 5                                                                           0.9                   0.9                     1.1
Total debt to capital %                                                                                17%                    16%                     18%
Interest coverage (times) 7                                                                            22.9                  27.1                    22.3

1   Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) is defined as operating profit (per accounts) plus share of profits / (losses) of associates
2   Total debt calculated as borrowings plus convertible bonds
3   Per share data had been adjusted to reflect the impact of 1 for 4 share consolidation on 15 July 2014
4   Net cash generated from operating activities plus interest received, less capital expenditure (net of proceeds from disposal of assets) and
    capitalisation of engineering development costs
5   When calculating EV / EBITDA and Total debt to EBITDA, where a business is acquired part way through the year, we adjust EBITDA to include
    12 months for that year on a pro forma basis. EBITDA for FY2011/12 excluded non-recurring items
6   Return on average total equity is calculated as profit for the year over average total equity during the year
7   Interest coverage (times) is calculated by EBIT / interest expense




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                                   182
   2015                 2014                   2013                  2012                  2011                 2010 *                 2009


2,136.1              2,097.6               2,059.7               2,140.8               2,104.0               1,741.0                1,828.2
  243.5                233.9                 213.2                 221.6                 235.8                 110.5                   47.0
  249.0                243.0                 218.0                 220.5                 226.4                 103.8                   37.4
   (29.2)               (28.1)                (21.1)                (31.6)                (36.1)                (16.4)                   0.4
        –                   –                     –                     –                     –                     –                 (31.1)
  219.8                214.9                 196.9                 188.9                 190.3                   87.4                    6.7
     (8.9)               (7.0)                 (5.6)                 (2.2)                 (8.6)                (10.4)                  (4.1)
  210.9                207.9                 191.3                 186.7                 181.7                   77.0                    2.6


  492.6                 460.6                 425.6                 433.1                 457.5                440.6                  428.3
  595.6                 650.7                 621.5                 757.8                 774.7                699.9                  662.1
  773.2                 644.0                 480.9                 385.1                 354.7                367.1                  302.0
  986.6                 745.4                 715.9                 704.0                 755.5                623.2                  557.5

2,848.0              2,500.7               2,243.9               2,280.0               2,342.4               2,130.8                1,949.9

1,862.3              1,732.3               1,568.5               1,461.6               1,362.2               1,121.7                  964.4
   38.6                 34.0                  30.3                  25.9                  60.1                  51.5                   33.7

1,900.9              1,766.3               1,598.8               1,487.5               1,422.3               1,173.2                  998.1
  291.3                116.9                 125.0                 205.4                 313.7                 408.7                  528.9
  655.8                617.5                 520.1                 587.1                 606.4                 548.9                  422.9

2,848.0              2,500.7               2,243.9               2,280.0               2,342.4               2,130.8                1,949.9


   24.1                  23.4                  21.4                  20.7                   19.9                  8.4                     3.7
    6.2                   5.9                   5.6                   5.1                    4.6                  2.6                       –
   27.3                  28.7                  23.1                  19.3                   18.2                 20.6                     6.0


  155.8                231.1                 111.9                 166.0                 169.6                 215.1                  168.5
  335.5                321.8                 304.3                 314.3                 322.5                 197.9                  136.2
  15.7%                15.3%                 14.8%                 14.7%                 15.3%                 11.4%                   7.4%
  119.9                 92.2                  82.6                  91.3                  85.6                  38.0                   62.8
   5.6%                 4.4%                  4.0%                  4.3%                  4.1%                  2.2%                   3.4%
3,032.5              3,282.2               2,646.2               2,229.5               2,134.4               2,426.3                  704.3
2,589.3              2,789.1               2,320.5               2,075.6               2,153.4               2,519.4                  964.9
    7.7                  8.7                   7.6                   6.3                   6.7                  12.7                    7.1


  11.4%                11.2%                 10.4%                  10.4%                 11.2%                 6.3%                    2.6%
  12.0%                12.8%                 12.8%                  13.0%                 14.7%                 8.1%                    0.6%
    53%                198%                    90%                   81%                   54%                  53%                     32%
     0.9                 0.4                    0.4                   0.7                   1.0                  2.1                     3.9
    13%                   6%                    7%                   12%                   18%                  26%                     35%
   28.8                127.8                  79.0                   32.1                  18.2                 12.4                     3.0

  *   Historical data for FY2009/10 had been restated for the adoption of HKAS 12 (amendment) – deferred tax related to investment properties.
      Historical data for FY2008/09 had not been restated in this summary.




                                                                      183
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
DIRECTORS
Yik-Chun Koo Wang
Non-Executive Director
Honorary Chairman
Yik-Chun Koo Wang, age 100, is the Honorary Chairman of the Company and co-founder of the Group.
She was the Vice-Chairman of the Group from 1984 to 1996 and was actively involved in the
development of the Group in its early stages. Madam Wang is also the Honorary Chairlady of Tristate
Holdings Limited.

Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP
Chairman and Chief Executive
Member of Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
Patrick Shui-Chung Wang, age 67, obtained his Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in
Electrical Engineering and received an Honorary Doctorate of Engineering from Purdue University in
Indiana, United States. He joined the Group in 1972 and became a director of the Group in 1976 and
Managing Director in 1984. In 1996, he was elected Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company.
He also serves on the board of directors of various subsidiaries of the Company. Dr. Wang is an
Independent Non-executive Director, the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a member of the
Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee of VTech Holdings Limited. He is also a
non-executive director of Tristate Holdings Limited. He is a member of the Hong Kong Sanatorium &
Hospital’s Clinical Governance Committee. He is a son of the Honorary Chairman, Madam Yik-Chun
Koo Wang.

Winnie Wing-Yee Wang
Vice-Chairman
Member of Remuneration Committee
Winnie Wing-Yee Wang, age 71, obtained her Bachelor of Science degree from Ohio University in the
United States. She joined the Group in 1969. She became a director and Executive Director of the
Group in 1971 and 1984 respectively and was elected the Vice-Chairman in 1996. She also serves
on the board of directors of various subsidiaries of the Company. Ms. Wang is a non-executive director
of Tristate Holdings Limited. She is a sister of the Chairman and Chief Executive, Dr. Patrick Shui-
Chung Wang.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited               184
                                           PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Austin Jesse Wang
Executive Director
Austin Jesse Wang, age 37, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with Master of
Engineering and Bachelor of Science degrees in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering. He
joined the Group in 2006 and became a director of the Company in 2009. He also serves on the
board of directors of various subsidiaries of the Company. He has previously worked as a consulting
engineer in the computing industry. Mr. Wang is the son of the Chairman and Chief Executive, Dr.
Patrick Shui-Chung Wang.

Peter Kin-Chung Wang
Non-Executive Director
Member of Audit Committee
Peter Kin-Chung Wang, age 64, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Group since 1982. He
obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from Purdue University in Indiana,
United States and a Master of Business Administration degree from Boston University in
Massachusetts, United States. He is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tristate Holdings
Limited and the Chairman and Managing Director of Hua Thai Manufacturing Public Company Limited
which was formerly listed on The Stock Exchange of Thailand. Mr. Wang won the Young Industrialist
Award of Hong Kong in 1998. In 2005, he received the Outstanding Industrial Engineer Award from
the School of Industrial Engineering of Purdue University. He is a member of the Anhui Provincial
Committee of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, the honorary chairman of the Hong
Kong Garment Manufacturers Association, a general committee member of the Textile Council of Hong
Kong Limited and a director of The Federation of Hong Kong Garment Manufacturers. He is a brother
of the Chairman and Chief Executive, Dr. Patrick Shui-Chung Wang.

Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards
Independent Non-Executive Director
Chairman of Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards, age 69, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the
Company since 1995. He is a solicitor and was Senior Partner of Johnson, Stokes & Master until he
retired in 1996. Mr. Edwards was the Chairman of the Hong Kong Branch of the International Fiscal
Association, the Chairman of the Revenue Law Committee of the Hong Kong Law Society and a
member of the Joint Liaison Committee on Taxation which advises the Government of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region. He is also a member of the International Academy of Estate and Trust
Law, an honorary lecturer in law at the University of Hong Kong and a director of a number of
investment and holding companies. He is a director of Martin Currie Asia Unconstrained Trust plc.




                                               185
Annual Report 2018



Patrick Blackwell Paul CBE, FCA
Independent Non-Executive Director
Chairman of Audit Committee and Member of Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
Patrick Blackwell Paul, age 70, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since
2002. He had been the Chairman and Senior Partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers in Hong Kong from
1994 to 2001. He is an independent non-executive director of The Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels,
Ltd. and Pacific Basin Shipping Limited. His civic commitments include chairing the Supervisory Board
of the British Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong.

Michael John Enright
Independent Non-Executive Director
Chairman of Remuneration Committee and Member of Audit Committee
Michael John Enright, age 59, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since
2004. He obtained his Bachelor of Arts (in Chemistry), Master of Business Administration, and Doctor
of Philosophy (in Business Economics) degrees all from Harvard University. He was formerly a
professor at the Harvard Business School. Prof. Enright is currently a professor at the University of
Hong Kong School of Business and a director at Enright, Scott & Associates, a Hong Kong-based
consulting firm.

Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam GBM, GBS, CBE, JP
Independent Non-Executive Director
Member of Remuneration Committee
Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam, age 69, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
since 2010. He graduated from the University of Hong Kong with first class honours in 1970. Over
the years, he has received a number of honorary doctorate degrees and professorships from
universities in Hong Kong and overseas. Mr. Yam was awarded the highest honour of the Grand
Bauhinia Medal by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in 2009. He was
the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority from 1993 to 2009. Mr. Yam was appointed
in 2011 a member of the Board of Directors, the Corporate Culture and Responsibility Committee and
the Risk Committee of UBS Group AG and retired in 2017. He is a non-official member of the
Executive Council of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and a
Distinguished Research Fellow of Lau Chor Tak Institute of Global Economics and Finance at The
Chinese University of Hong Kong. Mr. Yam is a Board member and Chairman of Compensation &
Assessment Committee of UnionPay International Co., Ltd. He is also a member of the advisory
committees of a number of academic and private institutions focusing on finance.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited               186
                                            PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Christopher Dale Pratt CBE
Independent Non-Executive Director
Member of Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee
Christopher Dale Pratt, age 61, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since
2014. He obtained his honours degree in Modern History from Oxford University. He joined the Swire
group in 1978 and over the next 35 years worked in various of the group’s businesses in Hong Kong,
Australia and Papua New Guinea. From 2006 until his retirement in 2014, he served as Chairman of
Cathay Pacific Airways Limited, Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering Company Limited, John Swire & Sons
(H.K.) Limited, Swire Pacific Limited and Swire Properties Limited. He was also a Director of Swire
Beverages, Air China Limited and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited. Mr. Pratt
was appointed in 2014 an Independent Non-Executive Director of PureCircle Limited and retired in
March 2018. Mr. Pratt is currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of Noble Group Limited and
Grosvenor Group Limited. He is also a senior advisor to Morgan Stanley Asia Limited. He was
appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2000.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Tung-Sing Choi
Senior Vice President,
Global Manufacturing
Tung-Sing Choi, age 68, is responsible for the global manufacturing management of the Group. He
joined the Group in 1968 and has more than 40 years of experience in motor component
manufacturing, motor assembly processes and the utilisation of machines and fixtures.

James Randolph Dick
Chief Information Officer
Senior Vice President, Industry Products Group
James Randolph Dick, age 64, holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical and Electronic Engineering
from the University of Paisley in Scotland. He is responsible for developing responses to macro
market issues and for building the information technology infrastructure in support of the Group’s
digital transformation strategy. He also leads the global business of the Industry Products Group. He
joined Johnson Electric in 1999. He has 40 years of experience in high technology management
throughout the world. Prior to joining the Group, he held executive positions with Xerox in the United
States, IBM in Europe and with Astec (BSR) Plc, an Emerson company, based in Hong Kong.




                                                187
Annual Report 2018



Michael Philip Gannon
Senior Vice President,
Human Resources
Michael Philip Gannon, age 63, holds a Bachelor of Industrial Administration degree from Kettering
University and a Master of Business Administration (Accounting) from the University of Michigan. He
joined the Group in 2013 and is responsible for global human resources, training and development
and environment and health and safety. Prior to joining the Group, he worked in the United States and
Europe for General Motors, Delphi and Nexteer Automotive, where he held positions in human
resources, business strategy and operations. Most recently, he was Senior Vice President of global
human resources and Chief Operations Officer of the Saginaw division for Nexteer Automotive.

Robert Allen Gillette
Senior Vice President,
Supply Chain Services
Robert Allen Gillette, age 52, holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from
Washington University in Missouri, United States and a Master of Business Administration
concentrating in Operations and Finance from Vanderbilt University in Tennessee, United States. He is
responsible for providing leadership and strategic direction in supply chain management for all
business units of the Group. Prior to joining the Group in 2007, he worked for Emerson Electric where
he held various operations, marketing and supply chain positions in North America and Asia.

Christopher John Hasson
Executive Vice President
Christopher John Hasson, age 55, was educated at the University of Manchester and London
Business School (Corporate Finance and Accounting). He is responsible for corporate business
development, mergers and acquisitions, corporate strategic planning and for supervision of the legal
and company secretarial functions. Prior to joining the Group in 2002, he was a partner at The Boston
Consulting Group.

Kam-Chin Ko
Senior Vice President,
Automotive Products Group
Kam-Chin Ko, age 52, holds a Master of Science degree in Manufacturing System Engineering from
the University of Warwick in the United Kingdom and a Doctor of Engineering from the Hong Kong
Polytechnic University in Hong Kong. He is responsible for the business and strategic objectives for
sales, business development and engineering of Automotive Products Group globally. He joined the
Group in 1988 and in previous positions led Components & Services and the Corporate Engineering
functions. He is a member of The Institute of Engineering and Technology and a member of the
Institute of Industrial Engineers.




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited               188
                                            PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Yue Li
Senior Vice President,
Corporate Engineering
Yue Li, age 58, obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from Tsinghua University in the PRC and also a
Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in Wisconsin, United States. He
is responsible for overall corporate technology, engineering operations and Value Innovation Programs.
Prior to joining the Group in 2004, he worked for Emerson Electric in St. Louis as director of new
products, for Carrier Corporation in Syracuse as director of power electronics and motor technologies
and for Emergency One Inc. in Florida as vice president of product management.

Jeffrey L. Obermayer
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
Jeffrey L. Obermayer, age 63, has a Bachelor of Science degree (Hons.) in Business Administration
and a Master of Science degree in Accounting from the Illinois State University in Illinois, United
States. He also holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the Northwestern University in
Illinois, United States. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the
Institute of Management Accountants and the Institute of Internal Auditors. Prior to joining the Group
in 2010, he had 28 years of experience with BorgWarner Inc. in the United States and Germany,
where he held a variety of senior executive positions in finance, business development, treasury and
enterprise risk management, capital markets, pension plans and accounting. Prior to his last position
there as Vice President & Controller, Principal Accounting Officer, he was Vice President & Treasurer.
He also worked with Arthur Andersen & Co. in Chicago, United States.




                                                189
CORPORATE AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Johnson Electric Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


CORPORATE INFORMATION
Board of Directors                       Auditor                                Hong Kong Head Office
Executive Directors                      PricewaterhouseCoopers                 12 Science Park East Avenue, 6/F
                                                                                Hong Kong Science Park
Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP               Registrars and Transfer Offices        Shatin, New Territories
  Chairman and Chief Executive           Principal Registrar:                   Hong Kong
Winnie Wing-Yee Wang                     MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda)           Tel      : (852) 2663 6688
  Vice-Chairman                            Limited                              Fax      : (852) 2897 2054
Austin Jesse Wang                        The Belvedere Building                 Website : www.johnsonelectric.com
                                         69 Pitts Bay Road
Non-Executive Directors                  Pembroke HM 08                         Principal Bankers
Yik-Chun Koo Wang                        Bermuda                                The Hongkong and Shanghai
  Honorary Chairman                                                               Banking Corporation Limited
Peter Kin-Chung Wang                     Registrar in Hong Kong:                Commerzbank AG
Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards *           Computershare Hong Kong                Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Patrick Blackwell Paul CBE, FCA *          Investor Services Limited            Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Michael John Enright *                   Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor            The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
Joseph Chi-Kwong Yam                     Hopewell Centre                        Hang Seng Bank Limited
  GBM, GBS, CBE, JP *                    183 Queen’s Road East                  Citibank, N.A.
Christopher Dale Pratt CBE *             Wan Chai, Hong Kong                    JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
                                                                                BNP Paribas
* Independent Non-Executive Director     Registered Office                      Standard Chartered Bank
                                         Canon’s Court                          UniCredit Bank AG
Company Secretary                        22 Victoria Street
Lai-Chu Cheng                            Hamilton HM 12                         Rating agencies
                                         Bermuda                                Moody’s Investors Service
                                                                                Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services


LISTING INFORMATION
Share Listing                                                 Stock Code
The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited : 179
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited                                 Bloomberg                               : 179:HK
                                                              Reuters                                 : 0179.HK


SHAREHOLDERS’ CALENDAR
Annual General Meeting (AGM)                                  Dividend (per Share)
12 July 2018 (Thu)                                            Interim Dividend : 17 HK cents
                                                              Paid on          : 5 January 2018 (Fri)
Register of Shareholders                                      Final Dividend   : 34 HK cents
                                                              Payable on       : 13 August 2018 (Mon)
Closure of Register (both dates inclusive)
For attending AGM : 9 – 12 July 2018 (Mon – Thu)
For final dividend : 31 July – 2 August 2018 (Tue – Thu)




Johnson Electric Holdings Limited                       190
                                                                                    Johnson Electric Holdings Limited
                                                                                    Annual Report 2018




                                                Johnson Electric Holdings Limited




                                                Annual Report 2018
Johnson Electric Holdings Limited
       12 Science Park East Avenue, 6/F
           Hong Kong Science Park
             Shatin, New Territories
                   Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2663 6688     Fax: (852) 2897 2054
            www.johnsonelectric.com




                                                                                    (Stock Code: 179)
