                                                                                                              19 October 2023


                                                 Insignia Financial Ltd - 2023 Annual Report

                        In accordance with the ASX Listing Rules, Insignia Financial Ltd attaches the 2023 Annual
                        Report.

                        Authorised for release to the ASX by the Group Company Secretary, Adrianna Bisogni.


                            Investor Enquiries:                                  Media Enquiries:




For personal use only
                            Andrew Ehlich                                        Sue I Ong
                            GM Capital Markets                                   Senior Manager Corporate Affairs
                            Insignia Financial                                   Insignia Financial
                            M: +61 407 223 044                                   M: +61 466 526 023
                            E: andrew.ehlich@insigniafinancial.com.au            E: suei.ong@insigniafinancial.com.au


                        About Insignia Financial Ltd
                        Insignia Financial has been helping Australians secure their financial future since 1846.
                        During that time, we have grown substantially to become one of the largest groups in the
                        Australian financial services industry.

                        Insignia Financial provides advisers and their clients with the following services:

                        •     Platforms for advisers, their clients and hundreds of employers in Australia;
                        •     Financial Advice via our extensive network of financial advisers; and
                        •     Asset Management products that are designed to suit any investor’s needs.

                        Further information about Insignia Financial can be found at www.insigniafinancial.com.au




                        Insignia Financial Ltd                   Level 1, 800 Bourke Street      GPO Box 264 Melbourne VIC 3001
                        ABN 49 100 103 722                       Melbourne VIC 3000                              Phone 13 13 69
                        Setting foundations for growth
                        Insignia Financial Ltd | Annual Report 2023




For personal use only
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                                                 Insignia Financial acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of
                                                                Country of the lands on which we live and work, and recognises
                                                                their continuing connection to lands, waters and communities.
                                                                  We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                                                                   people and their cultures, and to Elders past and present.

                                                                  Together we recognise and value the ongoing contribution of
                                                                Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and communities to
                                                                 Australian life and how this enriches us. We embrace the spirit
                                                                   of reconciliation, working towards equality of outcomes and
                                                                                      ensuring an equal voice.




For personal use only
                        Insignia Financial is a leading
                        Australian wealth manager with                 Contents
                        over 175 years of experience.
                        We are an ASX Top 200 listed                    Our business
                        company with nearly two                         02   Our services
                        million clients and $295 billion                04   Chairman’s letter
                        in funds under management                       06	2023 results at a glance
                        and administration.1                            08   CEO’s letter

                        Our size, scale and strategic partnerships
                        enable us to offer a broad range of market-     Sustainability
                        leading financial services for individuals,     12	Environmental, social and




For personal use only
                        advisers and employers.                             governance report

                        We use our expertise in financial advice,
                        investment management and the
                                                                        Financials
                        development of platform technology to           43   Directors

                        deliver affordable and accessible solutions.    45   Financial report
                                                                        155 Shareholder information
                        Whether it’s simply the peace of mind of
                                                                        157 Corporate directory
                        a day-to-day budget or the aspiration of a
                        comfortable and dignified retirement, every
                        day we help more Australians secure their
                        future and financial wellbeing.




                        1   As at 30 June 2023

                        Insignia Financial Ltd ABN 49 100 103 722


                                                                                                        Welcome | 1
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                        Our services
                        At Insignia Financial, we work every day to deliver what matters for Australians
                        – security, peace of mind and confidence in their financial future.
                        Underpinning our intent is a set of diversified business capabilities, allowing us to leverage
                        combinations of advice, platform, and asset management insights to deliver more affordable
                        and accessible financial outcomes for clients across a spectrum of needs.




For personal use only
                                                                 As one of the largest super fund and pension payment providers in
                        Platforms -                                Australia, we offer a wide range of platform offerings – across both
                        superannuation,                              master trust and wrap products – to enable advisers, clients and
                                                                      members to manage their investments with ease and transparency.
                        pensions and                                   Our contemporary and well-rated proprietary wrap platform

                        investments                                     is designed to support the changing needs of our clients
                                                                          and partners.




                                                                                We have evolved from being the pioneer of the multi-
                                                                                manager investment approach in Australia, to a provider
                                                                                of a broad suite of investment solutions across a range of
                                                                                multi-asset and single-asset classes. Ours is an investment
                        Asset                                                    capability of significant depth and breadth with over 90

                        management                                               investment professionals2 united in their focus to deliver
                                                                                 consistent performance for our clients. We offer a range of
                                                                                high-conviction investment strategies to suit a wide range of
                                                                                investor needs and risk profiles, enabling our clients to invest
                                                                                with confidence.




                                                                          Our extensive network of advisers provide a broad range of
                                                                         financial advice services based on client needs – from guidance
                        Financial                                      and coaching to episodic and holistic advice. The network includes
                                                                      our Professional Services businesses, Bridges and Shadforth; our
                        advice                                       partnership model for self-employed licensees (RI Advice, Consultum
                                                                   and TenFifty), and our self-licensed offerings through IOOF Alliances
                                                                  and MLC Connect.




                        2   As at 30 June 2023


                        2 | Our services
                        Our progress2                                                     Our brands


                        $209.0b




For personal use only
                        Funds under administration
                        The Expand platform, our contemporary go-forward wrap,
                        was rated in the top four for overall adviser satisfaction by
                        Wealth Insights.3 Expand Essential Pension achieved a rating
                        of 5 Apples as a Highest Quality Fund from Chant West and
                        Expand Extra was nominated for the Advised Product of the
                        Year category in Chant West’s Super Fund Awards 2023.
                        Several of our super funds have also been recognised
                        externally, with MLC MasterKey Business Super recently
                        being awarded Best Fund: Insurance 2023 by Chant West.




                        $85.9b
                        Funds under management
                        Insignia Financial’s multi-manager capability continued to
                        be recognised by the industry in the Financial Standard
                        Investment Leadership Awards, Canstar’s awards, and
                        Money magazine’s Best of the Best Awards. Insignia
                        Financial’s largest MySuper product, MLC MySuper,
                        delivered the fifth highest return over three years in the
                        SuperRatings MySuper survey.4




                        1,413
                                                                                                   PROFESSIONAL SERVICES




                        Financial advisers in network
                                                                                                       ADVICE SERVICES
                        Insignia Financial continued to realign its advice offering,
                        culminating in the announcement of a new advice services
                        partnership model. This innovative ownership model for
                        its self-employed licensees will enable Insignia Financial to
                        focus on its Professional Services businesses. Other changes                   SELF -LICENSED
                        included the closure of Lonsdale Financial Group, proposed
                        ownership returned to Godfrey Pembroke advisers, and the                IOOF Alliances
                                                                                                                   MLC CONNECT
                        proposed sale of Millennium3 Financial Services.


                        3   Wealth Insights 2023 Annual Service Level Report, June 2023
                        4   Based on the SuperRatings MySuper SR50 survey, June 2023
                                                                                                                          Our services | 3
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                        Chairman’s letter
                        The ripple effects of a high-inflation
                        macro-economic climate and continued
                        global uncertainty in post-pandemic
                        times are the daily realities touching
                        the lives of Australians. Amid this
                        ongoing change and complexity,




For personal use only
                        we’ve stayed steadfast in executing
                        and delivering our strategic agenda.


                        We’ve continued with the integration of our acquired
                        businesses and the creation of our new organisation,
                        Insignia Financial. Our ambition of creating financial
                        wellbeing for every Australian remains unchanged.

                        Integration milestones achieved
                        Our focus on simplification and integration has resulted
                        in the accelerated delivery of benefits aligned to our
                        original three-year plan. In financial year 2023, we
                        completed our $218 million acquisition synergy program,
                        and also completed the separation of the Pensions and
                        Investments (P&I) business, exiting all transitional services
                        provided by ANZ.

                        As we approach the final year of this three-year plan, we’ve    Building a trusted business
                        refreshed our business strategy. It’s an evolution of the       Balancing business growth with sound governance
                        previous strategy, delivering sustainable performance and       practices is critical. Our dedication to improved client
                        outcomes beyond 2024 – and we’ve announced a new set            outcomes and looking after the financial interests of
                        of initiatives to support future growth. These are outlined     beneficiaries is backed by risk management and compliance.
                        in further detail in the CEO’s letter.
                                                                                        We recognise that to build a safe and trusted business we
                        For the next three years, we have identified additional         need to continue to ensure we have effective board and
                        synergies, with $175–190 million in annualised benefits.        business governance, and a strong and well embedded risk
                        The total investment to deliver these initiatives will          culture with appropriate guardrails and practices. Our ‘three
                        be approximately $260–285 million, targeting a                  lines of accountability’ model is being refreshed, with clear
                        cost‑to‑income ratio in the mid-60% range within three          accountability in place for all parts of the business.
                        years, with further opportunities beyond for simplification.
                                                                                        In November 2022, the Australian Prudential Regulation
                        A total of 19.8 cents per share in total dividends were         Authority imposed additional licence conditions on the
                        declared for the year, including the final ordinary dividend    superannuation trustees owned by Insignia Financial
                        of 9.3 cents per share. The payout ratio of 64% is in line      (the Insignia Financial Trustees). The additional licence
                        with our target range of 60–90% of underlying net profit        conditions are being treated with the utmost importance,
                        after tax, and the dividend in the second half reflects our     as we work through the required actions to meet the
                        ongoing investment in business transformation.                  regulator’s expectations of the Insignia Financial Trustees,
                                                                                        collectively amongst the largest retail superannuation
                                                                                        providers in Australia.



                        4 | Chairman’s letter
                        29.6c
                        UNPAT earnings per share
                                                                  Reconciliation, Life and Family,
                                                                  Gender, and Multicultural. In 2023,
                                                                  we joined the Champions of Change
                                                                  Coalition, reinforcing our commitment
                                                                                                            $695,000 to our 12 community
                                                                                                            partners over the past year.

                                                                                                            Employee fundraising and
                                                                                                            volunteering increased over the year,
                                                                  to gender equality, promoting diverse
                                                                                                            with our people raising more than



                        $218m
                                                                  female leadership and cultivating
                                                                                                            $500,000 through individual employee
                                                                  respectful, inclusive workplaces. Our
                                                                                                            donations, matched giving, and
                                                                  overall female presence is 49.16%,
                                                                                                            fundraising events. We’ve seen an 8%
                                                                  as at June 2023, and our pay gap
                                                                                                            increase in volunteering on last year,
                        acquisition synergy program               is 14.5% (May 2023), significantly
                                                                                                            as employees seek meaningful ways to
                        completed                                 below financial services and
                                                                                                            unite as a team.
                                                                  Australian norms.




For personal use only
                        81%
                                                                                                            Looking ahead
                                                                  Advancement of our
                                                                                                            We have completed the second year
                                                                  ESG agenda                                of our three-year integration program
                                                                  In parallel to the refresh of our         post the acquisition of MLC. We
                        of employees feel                         business strategy, the advancement        acknowledge much work has been
                        they belong at work                       of our environmental, social and          done, yet many of the benefits are still
                                                                  governance (ESG) agenda has               to come. This work sets the path for
                                                                  continued. We’ve refined our              earnings growth in financial year 2025
                                                                  approach to address emerging              and beyond.
                        We’ve strengthened our risk and           sustainability challenges and growing
                        governance leadership capabilities                                                  Our inaugural Financial Freedom
                                                                  stakeholder expectations. Through
                        and welcomed Anvij Saxena as Chief                                                  report, released in early 2023,
                                                                  our Global Reporting Initiative, we’ve
                        Risk Officer, while Chief Distribution                                              highlights a shift in Australians’
                                                                  also aligned to global best practice in
                        Officer, Mark Oliver, takes on                                                      priorities, with 55% aspiring to financial
                                                                  assessing materiality and significance.
                        additional responsibilities as the Head                                             independence. Insignia Financial is
                        of Superannuation. Furthermore, we        We are now a Climate Active–certified     well positioned to assist. We have a
                        are continuing to invest in areas such    organisation, following Insignia          business that is adaptable and set up
                        as cybersecurity and data security to     Financial becoming carbon-neutral         to deliver affordable and accessible
                        safeguard the security, privacy, and      through the measuring and offsetting      financial outcomes to Australians.
                        quality of our clients’ information.      of operational carbon emissions.
                                                                                                            I extend my thanks to the Insignia
                                                                  We’ve also continued our                  Financial Board of Directors, the
                        A place where all belong                  commitment to community,                  boards of our responsible and
                        Eighteen months into our                  including support of First Nations        registrable superannuation entities,
                        transformative journey as Insignia        people. In June 2023, Reconciliation      the Executive Team and all employees
                        Financial, we are progressing well with   Australia approved our first              for their efforts over the past year – a
                        cultural integration. The April 2023      Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) at       lot has been achieved in transforming
                        Our Voice engagement survey found         the Innovate level.                       the business.
                        81% of employees feel they belong at
                                                                  In financial year 2023, more than         I also thank our shareholders for their
                        work and 73% agree we demonstrate
                                                                  $1.2 million was channelled into          continued support and patience.
                        a day-to-day commitment to our
                                                                  community through our charitable          Rebuilding a company takes time,
                        purpose – ‘Understand me, look after
                                                                  foundation and employee giving.           and we have established a solid
                        me, secure my future’. Our overall
                                                                  The Foundation continues to               path for growth by delivering on
                        culture and engagement score was
                                                                  invest in initiatives supporting          our commitments.
                        70% favourable.
                                                                  not‑for‑profit organisations working
                        Central to creating a company             with disadvantaged families,
                        where all belong is our Diversity         disadvantaged children and youth,
                        and Inclusion Plan, with its six          and aged care. It granted over            Allan Griffiths
                        areas of focus – Pride, Accessibility,                                              Chairman



                                                                                                                                  Chairman’s letter | 5
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                            2023 results at a glance
                             Financial results




                             Statutory net profit after tax5                                                           Positive net inflow on a continuing basis7



                            $51m                                                                                      $667m




For personal use only
                                   Up 39% on prior year
                                                                                                                       Funds under management




                                                                                                                      $295b
                                                                                                                       and administration6
                             Underlying net profit after tax7



                            $191m                                                                                               Increased by $4.4 billion (+1.5%)
                                   Down 15% on prior year                                                                       over the year


                                                                                                                       Operating expenditure6



                                                                                                                      $1.04b
                            Full-year dividends per share



                            19.8c                                                                                               Down 5.5% on prior year



                            Divisional underlying net profit/(loss) after tax (continuing operations)




                                                  Platforms
                                                                                                                      $233.3m
                                                  Asset Management                                                    $72.9m
                                                  Advice
                                                                                                                      ($33.9m)
                             5	Including discontinued operations comprising the Australian Executor Trustees business (AET)
                             6   Continuing operations
                             7   Excludes JANA and AET


                        6 | 2023 results at a glance
                        Business highlights


                        2022                                                       2023
                        July                                                       January
                        In celebration of NAIDOC Week, we launch our               Insignia Financial’s digital workforce now automates
                        bespoke reconciliation design                              more than 60 processes, reducing costs and
                                                                                   improving business efficiencies
                        August




For personal use only
                        We start a new partnership with Personetics to             March
                        trial technology to deepen personalisation, tailor         IOOF MultiSeries and IOOF MultiMix receive
                        information and create new user experiences                Canstar’s Managed Funds Provider of the Year –
                                                                                   Multi-Sector Funds Award 2023, having also won
                        MLC Asset Management receives the Managed
                                                                                   this award in 2022
                        Account Award: Winner – Multi-Asset at the
                        IMAP Awards
                                                                                   April
                        September                                                  MLC’s Managed Account Strategies reaches
                        Nine Shadforth financial advisers are recognised           $1 billion in funds under management
                        on the 2022 Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisers
                        Australia list
                                                                                   May
                        Along with the Principals brand agency, Insignia
                                                                                   MLC MasterKey Business Super wins Best
                        Financial wins Gold for the new Insignia Financial
                                                                                   Fund: Insurance 2023 at the Chant West Super
                        brand at the BETTER FUTURE Sydney Design
                                                                                   Funds Awards
                        Awards 2022
                                                                                   We made significant changes to MLC’s MasterKey
                                                                                   superannuation and pension investment menus to
                        October                                                    continue to support clients’ goals, with:
                        Separation of the P&I business from ANZ complete           • five new investment options introduced,
                        Insignia Financial announces it is a Certified               including the MLC Socially Responsible Growth
                        Climate Active organisation, achieving                       investment option
                        carbon-neutrality                                          • investment options simplified, with 16 options
                        MLC Asset Management launches its first retail               closed to new investors
                        private equity fund, offering retail investors access to   Our inaugural Financial Freedom Report
                        global private equity investments                          reveals Australians are now more inclined to
                                                                                   pursue their dream lifestyle rather than their
                                                                                   dream home
                        November
                        We launch enhancements to our Expand wrap
                        product, including a new mobile app, lower                 June
                        pricing, more investment and insurance choice,             Insignia Financial’s Innovate Reconciliation Action
                        and greater flexibility                                    Plan is endorsed by Reconciliation Australia
                                                                                   Two of our multi-manager/multi-asset investment
                        December                                                   funds are recognised at the 2023 Financial Standard
                        The IOOF MultiMix Balanced Growth Trust                    Investment Leadership Awards:
                        is awarded Best Multi Sector Fund in                       • IOOF MultiMix Growth Trust wins the Multi-Asset –
                        Money magazine’s Best of the Best Awards for                 Growth category for the third year in a row
                        2023, making it the third time the trust has               • IOOF MultiMix Balanced Growth Trust wins the
                        won this award in four years                                 Multi-Asset – Balanced category for the second
                                                                                     year in a row




                                                                                                                         2023 results at a glance | 7
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                        CEO’s letter
                        Over the past two years, Insignia
                        Financial has undergone a period
                        of transformation – a deliberate
                        effort to challenge ourselves
                        to deliver better outcomes. Our
                        unwavering commitment to




For personal use only
                        our objectives has led to many
                        achievements and substantial
                        progress in delivering what
                        matters. We now look ahead with
                        clarity and confidence.


                        Financial performance
                        Two years have passed since the MLC acquisition,
                        and we have made significant headway in
                        delivering on what we set out to do. This includes
                        realising accelerated synergy benefits ahead of
                        the original three-year plan. Pleasingly, funds
                        under management and administration increased
                        by $4.4 billion (+1.5%) on a continuing basis, to
                        $295 billion as at 30 June 2023, and we achieved
                        our target of delivering positive net inflows8 for the   A refreshed strategy
                        full financial year.                                     With continued business momentum and the
                                                                                 delivery of key initiatives, we have taken the
                        Insignia Financial’s net profit after tax for the year
                                                                                 opportunity to refresh our strategy to sharpen
                        ended 30 June 2023 was $51.2 million (up 39.1%
                                                                                 our focus on key areas of competitive advantage.
                        from the previous year). The increase is driven
                                                                                 This was only possible because of the successful
                        by $48.0 million lower, compared to the previous
                                                                                 delivery of strategic priorities in 2023 and the clarity
                        year, historical remediation charges as these
                                                                                 that comes from that. Client financial wellbeing
                        programs approach completion, as well as the gain
                                                                                 remains at our core, as do strong partnerships with
                        on sale after tax of Australian Executor Trustees
                                                                                 financial advisers and employers.
                        of $43.2 million. This has been partially offset by
                        an increase in transformation and integration            We’ve identified our future master trust platform
                        expenses of $45.4 million.                               solution, combining various foundational aspects
                                                                                 of our wrap and master trust platforms under a
                        Underlying net profit after tax9 for the year ended
                                                                                 shared technology ecosystem. This consolidation
                        30 June 2023 was $190.7 million, a decrease
                                                                                 reduces duplication and minimises the cost and risk
                        of $33.3 million. This was driven by market
                                                                                 of change. The foundational aspects are expected
                        performance, strategic platform repricing and a
                                                                                 to be in place by mid-2025.
                        reshaping of the service proposition following the
                        integration of MLC Advice into Bridges, partially        We’ve also reset our financial advice operating
                        offset by the realisation of benefits and synergies      model, creating what is expected to become
                        from strategic initiatives.                              Australia’s largest adviser-owned licensee group.

                        8   Excludes JANA and AET
                        9   Continuing operations

                        8 | CEO's letter
                        With continued business                                            Workplace Super delivered positive net inflows of
                                                                                           $648 million during the last financial quarter, bringing
                        momentum and delivery of key
                                                                                           full-year net inflows to $2 billion. This marks the
                        initiatives, we have taken the                                     best quarter of net flows over the past two years.
                        opportunity to refresh our strategy                                Pleasingly, our workplace offering won 12 new
                        and sharpen our focus on key areas                                 employer mandates over the year and retained all
                        of competitive advantage.                                          existing employer clients, reflecting the strength of
                                                                                           the workplace product and service offerings.




For personal use only
                        The new partnership ownership model for our                        The continued strong flows into the Expand wrap
                        self-employed licensees comprising RI Advice,                      suite and Shadforth Portfolio Services highlight the
                        Consultum and TenFifty, capitalises on the dynamic                 strength of Insignia Financial’s go-forward proprietary
                        self-employed advice market with the support of                    wrap platform. Expand Essential Pension achieved
                        Insignia Financial. Under the interim name, Advice                 a rating of 5 Apples as a Highest Quality Fund from
                        Services Co (ASC), Insignia Financial will retain                  Chant West. Expand Extra was nominated as a finalist
                        an interest in the new enterprise, offering equity                 in the Advised Product of the Year category of the
                        opportunities to advisers over time, and targeting                 2023 Chant West Super Fund Awards. Extensive
                        profitability after a 12-month establishment period.               enhancements were made to Expand in November
                                                                                           2022, including a new mobile app, lower pricing,
                        This reset allows us to focus on the growth of our
                                                                                           more investment and insurance choice, and greater
                        Professional Services advice businesses, Shadforth
                                                                                           flexibility in managing accounts.
                        and Bridges, adding superannuation advice to the
                        list of services offered. It has also helped us to focus           Asset Management
                        on developing new methods of technology-enabled                    MLC Asset Management’s funds under management
                        advice delivery to leverage opportunities such as                  (FUM) at year end totalled $85.9 billion, with positive
                        those presented by the Australian Government’s                     market movements and inflows resulting in an overall
                        response to the Quality of Advice Review.10                        increase of $3.3 billion.11

                        Having completed the synergy program ahead                         In April 2023, in less than three years since its
                        of schedule following the MLC acquisition,                         inception, MLC Asset Management’s Managed
                        we’ve continued to identify additional synergy                     Account Strategies surpassed $1 billion in FUM. The
                        opportunities. Leveraging Insignia Financial’s                     product range was recently expanded to include
                        transformation capability, a single cost-reduction                 conservative and high-growth options in response
                        approach will be adopted across all initiatives, with              to market demand from advisers. Furthermore, MLC
                        a clear financial target and transparent tracking                  Asset Management’s Private Equity Team launched
                        of progress.                                                       the MLC Global Private Equity Fund, its first retail
                                                                                           private equity fund. The fund offers retail investors
                        Improved divisional outcomes                                       access to global private equity investments that are
                        Platforms                                                          traditionally reserved for institutional investors.
                        Funds under administration at 30 June 2023                         Pleasingly, our multi-manager capability continues
                        reached $209.0 billion, a notable increase of                      to be recognised by the industry accolades in the
                        $10.8 billion (+5.5%) on a continuing basis over the               Financial Standard Investment Leadership Awards,
                        financial year.                                                    Canstar’s annual star ratings and awards, and
                                                                                           Money magazine’s Best of the Best Awards.


                        10 The government responded to the Quality of Advice review on 13 June 2023 as part of its Delivering Better Financial Outcomes package,
                           comprising three streams: removing onerous red tape that adds to the cost of advice with no benefit to consumers; expanding access to
                           retirement income advice; and exploring new channels for advice.
                        11 Excluding JANA

                                                                                                                                                            CEO’s letter | 9
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                        Advice                                                    Continued focus on simplification
                        We’ve continued to streamline and simplify                Operational simplification remains a strategic priority. It is central
                        our Advice business offerings, in addition to             to unlocking benefits of scale and reducing risk, complexity
                        establishing ASC. We closed Lonsdale Financial            and cost to serve. We’ve made strong progress in simplifying
                        Group, and ownership of Godfrey Pembroke is               the business.
                        expected to be returned to Godfrey Pembroke
                                                                                  In a significant milestone since our January 2020 acquisition
                        advisers, with Insignia Financial retaining a minority
                                                                                  of ANZ’s P&I business, we took control of the P&I business
                        stake. We are also in discussions regarding the sale
                                                                                  infrastructure, applications and digital domains in October
                        of the Millennium3 Financial Services licence.
                                                                                  2022. This achievement marked a pivotal point in our broader
                        Financial adviser numbers in the Professional             separation and simplification program – and was also the first




For personal use only
                        Services channel have stabilised following the            instance of a successful separation of a superannuation business
                        integration of MLC Advice into Bridges. Our Wealth        from one of Australia’s big four banks. Our efforts now focus on
                        Central digital enablement platform, designed to          concluding our separation from NAB, a critical step in simplifying
                        help advisers deliver advice in a more efficient          the business.
                        and engaging way, continues to be embedded
                                                                                  In terms of product and platform offerings, we made numerous
                        into the newly combined Bridges business, as well
                                                                                  changes throughout the year. One example is the extensive
                        as Shadforth.
                                                                                  changes to MLC MasterKey, with a reduction in investment menu
                        In terms of recognition, nine of our Shadforth            from 215 options to 65. Furthermore, 16 investment options were
                        financial advisers were named in the 2022 Barron’s        closed to new investors and five new investment options were
                        Top 100 Financial Advisers Australia list. This           introduced, including the new MLC Socially Responsible Growth
                        acknowledgement serves dual purposes – acting             investment option.
                        as a reliable guide for prospective clients and a
                                                                                  We’ve continued to simplify and enhance the client experience
                        competitive benchmark for financial advisers.
                                                                                  through technology. Our proprietary client enablement solution,
                        Shadforth onboarded a record 500 plus new high
                                                                                  Wealth Central, uses a chatbot to streamline digital fact-finding
                        net worth clients over the year.
                                                                                  and provide clients with accessible general advice. We’re also
                                                                                  using innovation to improve business processes, with our digital
                                                                                  workforce steadily increasing. More than 60 processes are now
                                                                                  automated, reducing costs and improving operational efficiencies.




                           Strength through execution, unlocking sustainable growth



                                            Strengths                            Strategy                                  Outcomes
                           • Track record in execution              • Improving our clients’                    • Sustainable foundation
                                                                       financial wellbeing                         for growth
                           • Unique set of business
                               capabilities                         • Deepening our partnerships with           • Simplified business
                           • Industry and demographic                  advisers and employers                   • Improved client and
                                                                                                                   member outcomes
                               tailwinds                            • Simplifying our business
                           • Scale advantages                       • Building a safe and
                                                                       trusted business




                        10 | CEO's letter
                        Operational simplification remains a                                      Net profit after tax



                                                                                                  $51.2m
                        strategic priority. It is central to unlocking
                        benefits of scale, and reducing risk,
                        complexity and cost to serve.
                                                                                                  (up   39.2%
                        Innovation and technology are key to providing affordable and             from previous year)
                        accessible advice. We continue to explore opportunities to deliver
                        advice and guidance in a scalable way, allowing us to reach and
                        serve more Australians.                                                   Final phase of 3-year MLC separation




For personal use only
                                                                                                  and integration program confirmed
                        Clarity and confidence
                                                                                                  • Future state Master Trust
                        Our determined delivery of target initiatives positions us well for
                                                                                                    Platform selected
                        the opportunities ahead. We’ve built a business that is adaptable
                        and aligned to our ambition of creating financial wellbeing for all
                                                                                                  • New Advice Services
                                                                                                    partnership model
                        Australians – with a sharpened focus to help us continue to make
                                                                                                    announced
                        significant progress and unlock potential.
                                                                                                  • Second wave of acquisition
                        This can’t be done without our people. I extend my thanks                   synergies underway
                        to all our employees who uphold our values and deliver on
                        our purpose. Mostly, however, I thank them for their care and
                        attention to our clients. We recently received a letter from a client     Separation of P&I
                        whose words, published with permission, reinforce what this               business from
                        organisation aspires to, day in, day out.                                 ANZ completed

                        “With the advice and guidance received from several service
                        operators … our first venture has been accomplished to our total
                        satisfaction and my personal great relief. In this day and age of         Funds under management and
                                                                                                  administration from continuing
                        rapid communication technology advances and diminishing actual
                                                                                                  operations increased by


                                                                                                  $4.4b
                        personal interactions, without exception all my contacts with your
                        staff members have defied any negatives at all. Hence, I write here to
                        commend you and all those I encountered for the friendly, efficient
                        and highly professional service I received. It would not be possible to
                        fault any aspect of the process and certainly the final outcome.”
                                                                                                  (+ 1.5%) to $295b
                        I also extend my thanks to the Executive Team for their leadership
                        and conviction in what we can achieve, as we continue to
                        grow this business, taking great care as custodians of our
                        clients’ money and looking to provide financial wellbeing to
                        more Australians.




                        Renato Mota
                        Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                                          CEO’s letter | 11
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                        Environmental, social
                        and governance report
                        In the face of global challenges such as climate change
                        and social inequity, we acknowledge the role we must play
                        in working towards sustainable outcomes in our business
                        operations, and the products and services we offer.




For personal use only
                        Our ambition to secure financial wellbeing for every
                        Australian extends to environmental responsibility, social
                        equity and community wellbeing. We believe the good health
                        of our planet and the wellbeing of our communities is part of
                        true prosperity.



                        Embedding ESG factors into decision making across        In June 2022, we became a carbon-neutral
                        our business is critical for us to deliver sustainable   organisation by measuring and offsetting
                        long-term growth for the benefit of our clients          our scope 1, 2 and 3 operational carbon
                        and stakeholders.                                        emissions. In September 2022, we achieved
                                                                                 certification with Climate Active, further
                        At Insignia Financial, we are committed to helping
                                                                                 validating this achievement. Our focus now
                        secure a better future for our clients, people
                                                                                 is to use our emissions baselines and set
                        and planet.
                                                                                 science-based reduction targets.
                        Working towards a
                        sustainable future                                       Alongside these approaches, we have:
                        Insignia Financial is evolving our responsible                     gained approval from Reconciliation
                        investment approach in line with our commitment                    Australia for our new corporate Innovate
                        to ESG. We believe in climate science and support                  Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP). This is
                        global efforts to achieve net zero greenhouse gas                  designed to strengthen our relationship
                        emissions by 2050.                                                 with First Nations people
                        Our memberships with the Investor Group on
                        Climate Change (IGCC) and Responsible Investment
                                                                                           signalled the beginning of our
                        Association of Australasia (RIAA) through our
                                                                                           alignment with the global Principles for
                        MLC Asset Management business helps inform
                                                                                           Responsible Investment (PRI), by our
                        our response to ESG-related risks within our
                                                                                           boutique funds management business,
                        investment business.
                                                                                           Antares, becoming a signatory
                        We support the United Nations Sustainable
                        Development Goals as a shared blueprint for
                        peace and prosperity for people and the planet.                    maintained overall gender equity
                        The goals most aligned to our ESG strategy have                    in the business with 49.16% female
                        provided a framework to guide our ESG principles                   workforce participation at 30 June 2023.
                        and initiatives.



                        12 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Materiality topics                                                   • Governance, compliance, transparency
                        This financial year, we revised our materiality topics                 and disclosure
                        by implementing globally recognised best practice.       Highest
                                                                                             • Responsible investment, ESG integration
                        In collaboration with our advisory firm, we carried      impact        and stewardship
                        out a Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) compliant                    • Data and cybersecurity
                        materiality and significance assessment.                             • Climate risk assessment

                        The material topics were assessed on the                             • Employee engagement, wellbeing
                        significance of their economic, environmental                          and retention
                        and social impacts, in accordance with the                           • Diversity, inclusion and equal opportunity
                        GRI guidelines. Each topic was assessed against                      • Product simplification and innovation
                        multiple criteria, including scale, scope and            Most
                                                                                             • Engaging First Nations people




For personal use only
                        likelihood, giving it an overall significance score      important
                                                                                             • Technology and artificial intelligence (AI)
                        (as shown at right). All topics are important, but
                                                                                             • Procurement and modern slavery
                        those assessed as having the ‘Highest impact’
                                                                                             • Biodiversity and conservation
                        are the ones with the most importance to our
                                                                                             • Financial wellbeing and advice accessibility
                        stakeholders. They are, therefore, a priority for
                        our organisation.                                                    • Community investment
                                                                                 More
                                                                                 important   • Operational environmental impacts




                                                                                                     Environmental, social and governance report | 13
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                        Definitions
                        To understand our impacts, it is important to first understand the definitions
                        of each of these topics and what they mean to us at Insignia Financial.


                         Topics                                            Definitions


                                          Governance, compliance,          • Attaining best-practice corporate governance, compliance, transparency and
                                          transparency and disclosure        disclosure – specifically regarding progress on ESG performance at corporate
                                                                             and investment levels
                                                                           • Governing these best ESG practices through clear structures and processes to
                                                                             minimise risk
                                                                           • Efficient resourcing to achieve and implement our ESG strategy




For personal use only
                          GOVERNANCE
                                                                           • Communicating our progress to stakeholders in line with emerging industry
                                                                             standards

                                          Data and cybersecurity           • Implementing robust standards of data privacy and cybersecurity to limit the risk
                                                                             of cyber-attacks and to protect our clients’ and employees’ data

                                          Technology and AI                • Monitoring developments in emerging technology and AI so we can respond
                                                                             accordingly, maximise opportunities and mitigate risks

                                          Procurement and                  • Sourcing products from suppliers that meet social criteria, and identifying and
                                          modern slavery                     managing any human rights issues in the business and supply chain

                                          Responsible investment, ESG      • Establishing measurable ESG integration and stewardship processes in line with
                                          integration and stewardship        leading practices and standards
                                                                           • Integrating ESG criteria into investment decisions and the financial products and
                                                                             services we offer, for the benefit of clients and members
                                                                           • Being active owners
                          CLIENT
                                          Financial wellbeing and          • Providing access to reasonably priced financial services for our clients
                                          advice accessibility             • Finding more ways to assist vulnerable clients groups

                                          Product innovation and           • Using innovation and digitalisation to benefit clients
                                          simplification

                                          Engaging First Nations           • Creating pathways for Indigenous employees and businesses to partner with
                                          people                             Insignia Financial

                                          Community investment             • Giving back to the local communities of Australia through jobs, donations,
                                                                             volunteering and strategic partnerships

                          SOCIAL          Employee engagement,             • Attracting and retaining talent and providing employees with training and
                                          retention and wellbeing            development opportunities
                                                                           • Protecting employees’ health and wellbeing

                                          Diversity, inclusion and         • Ensuring individuals – whether clients, staff or business partners – are treated
                                          equal opportunity                  equally and without discrimination

                                          Operational environmental        • Reducing the environmental impacts in our operations, including minimising




                          ENVIRONMENTAL
                                          impacts                            our emissions and waste, and educating staff on how to reduce their
                                                                             environmental impact

                                          Climate risk assessment          • Assessing the impact of climate risks on our strategy and business model

                                          Biodiversity and                 • Protecting and preserving the land, minimising any negative impact from our
                                          conversation                       business activities or investment




                        14 | Environmental, social and governance report
                          Our ESG strategy and framework                                 roadmap for our actions over the following two years and
                                                                                         aligning with our broader business objectives.
                          We see sustainability as an ongoing journey, requiring
                          regular ESG impact evaluations. This year we engaged an        In developing our strategy, we recognise upcoming
                          independent sustainability advisory firm to refine our ESG     mandatory climate-related reporting proposed for
                          strategy, addressing emergent sustainability challenges        financial year 2025, and the adoption of global best
                          and aligning with stakeholder expectations. We also            practices such as the International Sustainability
                          submitted to a formal materiality assessment in line with      Standards Board’s (ISSB) new sustainability standards,
                          the GRI requirements.                                          announced in June 2023. We also remain committed
                                                                                         to understanding and addressing climate-related risk
                          Our strategic framework has four primary focus areas,
                                                                                         in our business through support of the Task Force on
                          each with relevant material topics. We are working with
                                                                                         Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which will be
                          our advisory firm to build targets and initiatives for these
                                                                                         incorporated into the ISSB standards.
                          focus areas by the end of March 2024. At that point,




For personal use only
                          our updated ESG strategy will be launched, providing a




                                Governance                       Client impact                Social impact                  Environmental impact
                          Governance and                    We believe financial          Having an inclusive                We understand the
                          transparency are crucial to       wellbeing is a right for      workplace that reflects            sustainability of our
                          the overall sustainability,       every Australian. We seek     the society we serve is            organisation is linked
                          credibility and success of        to deliver more value to      important to us.                   to being a good
                          our organisation.                 existing clients and make     We recognise financial             environmental steward.
                                                            advice more accessible.       wellbeing is out of reach
                                                                                          for many vulnerable
                                                                                          communities and are
                                                                                          working to close the gap.
                            MATERIAL TOPICS


                        • Governance, compliance,           • Responsible investment,     • Engaging First                   • Operational
                          transparency and                     ESG integration and           Nations people                     environmental impacts
                          disclosure                           stewardship                • Community investment             • Climate risk assessment
                        • Data and cybersecurity            • Financial wellbeing and     • Employee engagement,             • Biodiversity and
                        • Technology and AI                    advice accessibility          wellbeing and retention            conservation
                        • Procurement and                   • Product simplification      • Diversity, inclusion and
                          modern slavery                       and innovation                equal opportunity


                            KEY TARGETS AND INITIATIVES


                        • Align sustainability              • Align investment            • Complete Innovate                • Set 2030 emissions-
                          reporting to ISSB                    business to Principles        RAP actions by                     reduction target for
                          standards by                         for Responsible               March 2025                         operational emissions
                          financial year 2025                  Investment (PRI)           • Increase employee
                                                                                             volunteering to
                                                                                             40% by 2025


                                                                                                             Environmental, social and governance report | 15
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                        United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
                        Since 2021, Insignia Financial has supported the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), using them as a
                        framework to guide our ESG principles and initiatives. While we support all 17 UN SDGs, we have prioritised five goals, given
                        their relevance to our business and our ability to drive change in these areas. Following the development of our new material
                        ESG topics, we have looked to broadly align these to the SDG initiatives shown in the table below.




                             Sustainable
                             Development Goal                              Ensure healthy lives and                  Ensure inclusive and




For personal use only
                                                                           promote wellbeing for all                 equitable quality education
                                                                           at all ages                               and promote lifelong learning
                                                                                                                     opportunities for all


                                                                           • Employee engagement,                    • Community investment
                             Aligned material                                wellbeing and retention                 • Financial wellbeing and advice
                             topics                                        • Community investment                      accessibility




                                                                           • Monitored health and wellbeing of       • Further partnered with The Smith
                                                                             staff through Our Voice survey            Family on its Money Talks program
                                                                           • Implemented hybrid work                 • Expanded Member Engagement and
                                                                             practices                                 Wellbeing Team
                                                                           • Delivered Development Matters
                             Initiatives                                     career growth program
                                                                           • Grew employee giving and
                                                                             volunteering across the
                                                                             organisation




                                                                           • The Our Voice staff survey              • Up to 500 disadvantaged students
                                                                             highlighted:                              have the opportunity to learn
                                                                             – 71% of our employees perceive           skills for financial decision making
                                                                                wellbeing as a key priority within     due to our partnership with The
                                                                                the organisation                       Smith Family
                                                                             – 83% of our employees feel             • Our Member Engagement and
                                                                                able to balance personal               Wellbeing Team grew by 10 people,
                                                                                responsibilities while working in      to provide more help, guidance,
                                                                                a hybrid way                           coaching and advice to clients
                             Outcomes                                                                                  and members
                                                                           • More than 800 employees in total
                                                                                                                     • We experienced 280,000 client
                                                                             attended seven Development
                                                                                                                       engagements across our teams and
                                                                             Matters workshops, designed to
                                                                                                                       digital channels
                                                                             help employees take charge of their
                                                                             own skills development and career       • We delivered 6,850 digital
                                                                             progression                               statements of advice to clients
                                                                           • Community giving and volunteering
                                                                             increased across the organisation
                                                                             with the launch of a new digital
                                                                             community giving platform




                        16 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Ensure women’s full                      Reduce inequality within                     Take urgent action to




For personal use only
                        participation at all levels of           and among countries,                         combat climate change
                        decision making in political,            including human rights and                   and its impacts
                        economic and public life                 Indigenous people’s rights


                        • Diversity, inclusion and equal         • Diversity, inclusion and equal             • Environmental operational risk
                          opportunity                              opportunity                                • Climate risk assessment
                        • Employee engagement, wellbeing         • Engaging First Nations people              • Responsible investment, ESG
                          and retention                          • Procurement and modern slavery                integration and stewardship


                        • Implemented Our Leading Women          • Monitored staff sentiment on               • Became recognised as a carbon-
                          initiative and talent pipeline           diversity and inclusion through               neutral organisation for operational
                        • Joined Champions of                      Our Voice survey                              emissions
                          Change Coalition                       • Submission for Australian Workplace        • Extended climate risk assessment
                        • Applied for Family Inclusive             Equality Index (AWEI) Bronze                  across a broader range of
                          Workplace certification                  Tier status                                   investment portfolios
                                                                 • Received Reconciliation Australia’s        • Commenced alignment to PRI
                                                                   endorsement for our Innovate RAP
                                                                 • Implemented digital procurement
                                                                   system, helping to better manage
                                                                   modern slavery risk


                        • Despite an increase in our gender      • 85% of Our Voice staff survey              • Achieved Climate Active certification
                          pay gap, from 14.3% to 14.5% in          participants agreed Insignia Financial        as a carbon-neutral organisation in
                          financial year 2023, we remain below     values diversity and inclusion, same          September 2022
                          Financial Services and Australian        as previous year                           • Assessed climate risk of in-house
                          norms. We continue to work towards     • Completed the processes required              managed diversified investment
                          reducing this gap.                       to achieve AWEI Bronze Tier status,           portfolios in addition to MySuper
                        • Maintained overall gender equity         which formally recognises our                 portfolios
                          with 49.16% female workforce             commitment to Australian LGBTQIA+          • Our boutique investment business,
                          participation at 30 June 2023            inclusion, equality and equity                Antares, became a PRI signatory in
                                                                 • Delivered 23 of 90 action items for           April 2023
                                                                   our Innovate RAP by the end of June
                                                                   2023, ensuring we move quickly to
                                                                   meet our commitments
                                                                 • All employees completed training on
                                                                   compliance with the Modern Slavery
                                                                   Act 2018 (Cth)
                                                                 • The integrity and availability of
                                                                   data from our new digital platform
                                                                   enabled us to better monitor
                                                                   suppliers’ modern slavery risks



                                                                                                            Environmental, social and governance report | 17
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Governance


                        Governance, compliance, transparency and disclosure
                        Governance, compliance, transparency and disclosure are          ‘Three lines of accountability’ model
                        crucial aspects of the overall sustainability, credibility and
                                                                                         We adopt the ‘three lines of accountability’ model to
                        success of our organisation.
                                                                                         govern risk management activities across the organisation.
                        We maintain rigorous processes, policies and measures            The model is represented as follows.
                        to uphold our standards in this respect. In doing this, we
                                                                                         First line – business management
                        foster the trust of our employees, our clients, regulators,
                                                                                         Business units are accountable for identifying, managing
                        and the communities we serve, ensuring the enduring
                                                                                         and owning the risks inherent in the products, services,
                        strength and resilience of our organisation.
                                                                                         activities, processes and systems they are responsible for.




For personal use only
                        Governance statement                                             Second line – Risk Management function
                        Our approach to corporate governance is based on a               The independent Risk Management function, led by
                        set of values and behaviours that underpin day-to-day            the Chief Risk Officer, is responsible for the design,
                        activities, provide transparency and fair dealing, and           maintenance and ongoing development of the Risk
                        seek to protect stakeholder interests. The Board                 Management Framework.
                        and management of Insignia Financial recognise the
                                                                                         Risk Management supports the first line in its risk
                        importance of good corporate governance and are
                                                                                         management responsibilities by providing independent
                        committed to maintaining the highest standards of
                                                                                         challenge and oversight, as well as specialist risk
                        corporate governance within the Group. Find out more
                                                                                         advice. This includes assessing the use and adequacy
                        about our approach to corporate governance here:
                                                                                         of frameworks, systems, processes and behaviours, to
                        https://www.insigniafinancial.com.au/
                                                                                         form a view of how well risk and compliance is managed
                        corporate-governance
                                                                                         across the Group.

                                                                                         Third line – independent assurance
                                                                                         Internal audit provide a third line of independence
                                                                                         and oversight of the first and second-line activities.
                                                                                         This oversight may include other independent reviews
                                                                                         commissioned by the Board.




                        18 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Internal audit                                                 Board effectiveness
                        Our internal audit activities are undertaken by the            Insignia Financial’s corporate governance initiatives aim to:
                        Group Internal Audit function, which is governed by a
                                                                                       • consolidate and simplify the structure of the Insignia
                        Charter approved by the Group Audit Committee. The
                                                                                          Financial Group
                        role of Group Internal Audit is to provide the Board and
                        management with independent and objective assurance            • improve the effectiveness of our business and people
                        on the effectiveness of the Group’s governance, risk           • provide the foundation for future product and entity
                        management and internal control processes. To maintain            simplification, and
                        independence, Group Internal Audit has no direct               • deliver more effective and efficient governance,
                        operational responsibility or authority over any of Insignia      communication and coordination.
                        Financial’s business or risk management activities.
                                                                                       Our board governance programs have included:




For personal use only
                        Group Internal Audit has full and unrestricted access to
                                                                                       • standardisation and enhancement of board and
                        all of Insignia Financial’s information systems, records,
                                                                                          committee foundation documents, frameworks and
                        physical properties and employees. The Group Audit
                                                                                          processes across key entities, to improve business
                        Committee monitors Group Internal Audit’s activities and
                                                                                          effectiveness
                        performance, including its independence.
                                                                                       • initiatives to improve director effectiveness and
                        Anti-bribery and anti-corruption                                  enhance board decision making, and
                        The Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy at Insignia        • improvements to the capability and efficiency of board
                        Financial serves as a strict guideline, prohibiting               support functions.
                        employees from taking part in any activity that
                        constitutes bribery or corruption. This policy establishes     The Member Office
                        a systematic structure to effectively identify, mitigate and   The Member Office (MO) is an independent function within
                        manage potential bribery and corruption risks across           Insignia Financial. The purpose of the MO is to advocate
                        our operations.                                                for members and support the Insignia Financial registrable
                                                                                       superannuation entity licensee (RSEL) boards to discharge
                        Our policy aims to ensure equitable client outcomes,
                                                                                       their fiduciary responsibilities in the best financial interests
                        foster integrity in the financial markets, strengthen our
                                                                                       of members. The MO is an extension of our RSEL boards
                        credibility with stakeholders, including clients, it also
                                                                                       and provides a day-to-day link that spans the trustee
                        reaffirms our commitment to corporate responsibility.
                                                                                       on one side, and management and service providers on
                        This policy was evaluated and endorsed by the Board in
                                                                                       the other.
                        April 2021 and is slated for its next review in April 2024.
                        The intention of the policy is to build on the existing        The MO is independent of Insignia Financial Group’s
                        governance and risk management frameworks.                     management and has the authority to obtain all
                                                                                       information necessary to assist the RSEL boards in
                        Whistleblower protection                                       meeting fiduciary obligations.
                        Our Whistleblower Policy recognises the critical role
                        whistleblowing can play in the early detection and             The Office of the Responsible Entity
                        rectification of misconduct. Insignia Financial is committed   Similarly, the Office of the Responsible Entity (ORE) is
                        to providing support and protection to whistleblowers, so      an independent function within Insignia Financial. The
                        they feel free to report without fear of reprisal.             purpose of the ORE is to assist the responsible entity
                                                                                       (RE) boards to discharge their fiduciary and licensing
                        Under the Whistleblower Policy, our people, suppliers
                                                                                       responsibilities in the best interests of investors. The
                        and contractors can report concerns through several
                                                                                       ORE oversees the performance of managed investment
                        channels, including a confidential Whistleblower Hotline
                                                                                       schemes and the provision of scheme services to the REs.
                        operated by PwC. Matters raised under the Whistleblower
                                                                                       The ORE is independent of management and has access
                        Policy, including any material incidents, are reported
                                                                                       to all the information and resources required to perform
                        to the Group Audit Committee or the Group Risk and
                                                                                       its duties.
                        Compliance Committee.




                                                                                                           Environmental, social and governance report | 19
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Governance


                        Financial Accountability                           incentive plan but will see variable
                        Regime                                             reward outcomes delivered via a            2023 tax
                                                                           balance of short-term and long-            contribution by type
                        The Financial Accountability Regime
                                                                           term incentives, deferred for up to
                        (FAR) extends the current Banking
                                                                           six years. This rebalancing helps to
                        Executive Accountability Regime
                                                                           reward and incentivise executives in
                        to strengthen the responsibility
                                                                           the immediate term, while continuing
                        and accountability of directors and

                                                                                                                              $148m
                                                                           to align to shareholder interests and
                        the most senior and influential
                                                                           creating long-term sustainable value
                        executives of financial institutions.
                                                                           in the organisation.
                        The intention of the legislation is to                                                                    (total)
                        build on existing governance and risk              In the past year, we have




For personal use only
                        management frameworks, ensuring                    undertaken a rigorous review of
                        that accountable persons within                    our remuneration framework and
                        organisations are taking reasonable                structures to ensure compliance with
                        steps in meeting their obligations.                the Australian Prudential Regulatory
                                                                                                                         Income tax $2m
                                                                           Authority’s CPS511 standards and
                        Insignia Financial continues to                                                                  GST $93m
                                                                           that our practices meet the aims of
                        progress work in readiness for the                                                               Payroll tax $42m
                                                                           our remuneration policy. CPS511               Fringe benefits tax $1m
                        anticipated implementation date,
                                                                           aims to ensure clearer connections            Rates and property taxes $8m
                        which will be 18 months from the
                                                                           between risk accountabilities,                Other $2m
                        royal assent date. The project is on
                                                                           performance, and remuneration
                        schedule to meet this timeframe.                                                              Further taxes collected and
                                                                           outcomes. We support this goal, and
                        Work completed to date includes                                                               paid to tax authorities by the
                                                                           it reflects the path we have been on       Insignia Financial Group on
                        executive and director workshops,
                                                                           over the past few years to strengthen      behalf of clients and employees
                        drafting of executive accountability
                                                                           our remuneration governance.               are not directly borne by the
                        statements, review of significant
                                                                           Notably, we have enhanced and              Group. These include income
                        related entities within the group,
                                                                           restructured our consequence               tax, GST, withholding taxes,
                        and commencement of a reasonable
                                                                           management framework for                   PAYG withholding taxes, and
                        steps assessment.
                                                                           governing risk events.                     local duties, which total a further
                                                                                                                      $992 million for the year ended
                        Executive remuneration
                                                                           Tax transparency                           30 June 2023.
                        Executive remuneration comprises
                                                                           The Insignia Financial Group is
                        fixed and variable remuneration,
                                                                           committed to tax transparency
                        with variable remuneration awarded
                                                                           and integrity, signing up to the
                        under the Executive Equity Plan (EEP).                                                     differences and accounting effective
                                                                           Board of Taxation’s Voluntary Tax
                        The EEP, which is delivered wholly                                                         company tax rates for the Group’s
                                                                           Transparency Code, as an early
                        in equity vesting over a four-year                                                         Australian and global operations.
                                                                           adopter, in early 2017.
                        performance period, is designed to
                                                                                                                   Information about international
                        encourage decision making that is                  The code is a set of principles
                                                                                                                   related party dealings
                        focused on sustainable long-term                   and minimum standards to guide
                                                                                                                   The Group largely conducted its
                        results. It is assessed against a                  disclosure of tax information by
                                                                                                                   activities in Australia for the current
                        balanced set of financial and non-                 businesses and encourage them to
                                                                                                                   financial year. There are minor
                        financial measures (including client,              avoid aggressive tax planning, and to
                                                                                                                   operations in foreign jurisdictions,
                        people and ESG), delivery of strategic             help educate the public about their
                                                                                                                   including in the USA and UK. Each of
                        priorities, and our ability to meet                compliance with Australia’s tax laws.
                                                                                                                   those entities is subject to the local
                        cultural, risk and conduct standards.
                                                                           The Group provides a reconciliation     tax regime. Related party dealings
                        In H2 2023, a revised plan – the                   of accounting profit to tax expense,    between the Group’s Australian and
                        Executive Incentive Plan – will be                 and to income tax paid/payable,         foreign jurisdictions are supported
                        introduced. It will align closely                  including identification of material    by transfer pricing and country-by-
                        with the framework of the existing                 temporary and non-temporary             country documentation.



                        20 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        The overall tax strategy
                        drives our approach to
                        tax risk management and
                        aims to ensure corporate
                        tax compliance and
                        transparent tax reporting.

                        Approach to tax strategy                    Data and cybersecurity
                        and governance
                        Tax governance is part of our overall       Insignia Financial is committed to data and information




For personal use only
                        risk management framework, as well          governance. This aims to ensure we:
                        as being part of an overall tax strategy.
                                                                    • safeguard the security, privacy and quality of our information
                        The overall tax strategy drives our
                                                                      as well as that of our clients and stakeholders
                        approach to tax risk management
                        and aims to ensure corporate tax
                                                                    • keep precise records of our business activities
                        compliance and transparent tax              • facilitate well-informed and timely decisions through
                        reporting. It also helps us to meet and       appropriate access to vital information
                        be prepared for regulatory changes.         • provide regular and up-to-date training for employees on
                        Tax governance is continuously                data security
                        monitored and is in line with the           • align with strategic goals, and
                        Group’s tax strategy. We aim to
                                                                    • comply with regulatory requirements.
                        maintain open, transparent and
                        collaborative relationships with all
                                                                    Data management
                        tax regulators.
                                                                    Our adherence to APRA prudential guidelines, participation
                        Tax contribution analysis                   in industry and regulatory forums, and adoption of emerging
                        The Group paid a total of                   industry standards reflect our commitment to protect and
                        $148 million in taxes to the Australian     preserve privacy and ethically manage sensitive client and
                        Governments (state and federal) in the      business information. These principles are reinforced by the
                        2023 tax year ($143 million in 2022).       Group Information Management Policy and accompanying
                        The chart on the previous page shows        policy standards.
                        the types of taxes paid by the Group
                                                                    Beginning in 2023, we implemented regular organisation-wide
                        during the financial year. Remediation
                                                                    data awareness and literacy training. Additionally, we’ve initiated
                        payments of $125 million in the
                                                                    a program encompassing data and information classification,
                        current year continue to be the main
                                                                    issues management, ownership and accountability, along with
                        driver of low taxable income for the
                                                                    proper archiving or disposal of unnecessary data.
                        consolidated group for the year ended
                        30 June 2023. Corporate income tax
                                                                    Privacy management
                        for financial year 2023 remains low at
                        $2 million.                                 We believe good privacy governance is an organisational
                                                                    responsibility and we have created a strong culture of privacy
                                                                    compliance, where organisational risks are managed proactively.
                                                                    We have a privacy program, including controls that ensure
                                                                    compliance with privacy laws, regulations, industry standards and
                                                                    regulator expectations.

                                                                    The personal information our clients have entrusted us with is
                                                                    handled in accordance with the Insignia Financial Group Privacy
                                                                    Policy. Annual online privacy awareness training is provided to
                                                                    all employees and targeted training is delivered as appropriate.



                                                                                              Environmental, social and governance report | 21
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Governance


                        Furthermore, in May 2023, Insignia                 Technology and AI
                        Financial participated in the Office
                        of the Australian Information                      To make quality advice available           platform uses advanced investment
                        Commissioner’s annual Privacy                      to more people, we are leveraging          technology to facilitate continuous
                        Awareness Week. This was our ninth                 technology and AI. This helps us           portfolio monitoring. It means clients
                        successive year of participation.                  broaden access to general advice,          enjoy the benefits of a professional
                                                                           while also improving business              research team monitoring their
                        With privacy reform on the near
                                                                           efficiency and scalability.                portfolios, while their advisers
                        horizon, the Insignia Financial Group
                                                                                                                      focus on strategic oversight and
                        has established a dedicated Privacy                Our proprietary client engagement
                                                                                                                      personalised advice.
                        Office within the Risk Management                  solution, Wealth Central, employs
                        Team. The Privacy Office will continue             a chatbot to deliver information,          We’ve also improved the service




For personal use only
                        to work closely with the Cybersecurity             streamline digital fact finding and        experience for financial advisers.
                        and Data teams to ensure                           provide clients with accessible            In our Shadforth advice business,
                        organisational alignment in keeping                general advice. The same underlying        we use bot technology to automate
                        our clients’ data secure.                          technology is used by our advisers         client forms and drive efficiency.
                                                                           to bring to life goals-based financial     This has yielded tangible results,
                        Analytics and member                               modelling, which helps clients             cutting administration time from
                        experience                                         understand and visualise how they          25 minutes to a mere five minutes.
                                                                           are tracking towards their goals.          Using automation to detect changes
                        Use of advanced analytics and data
                                                                           Clients are then enabled with their        across our comprehensive Approved
                        methodologies supports our purpose
                                                                           own client portal, empowering them         Products List, we have optimised
                        of understanding each member and
                                                                           to track their own progress. They can      an often-tedious process for
                        client we serve. By analysing the
                                                                           model their own ‘what if’ scenarios,       advisers, automating the provision
                        data we manage, we aim to create
                                                                           and communicate securely with              of up-to‑date product disclosure
                        personalised experiences and tailored
                                                                           their adviser.                             statements for each financial product
                        member engagement, improving the
                                                                                                                      under their management.
                        services we provide.                               Furthermore, we emphasise
                                                                           technology integration using               While embracing opportunities
                        Member-level data undergoes diverse
                                                                           application programming                    to improve business efficiency
                        aggregation and segmentation
                                                                           interfaces (APIs) in Wealth Central.       using technology and AI, we
                        methods, enabling us to deliver
                                                                           These integrations simplify client         maintain stringent risk controls
                        customised messaging with good
                                                                           experiences, allowing us to leverage       and governance frameworks,
                        operational efficiency.
                                                                           third-party capabilities while retaining   especially when it comes to
                        Strict controls and processes are in               control of our proprietary solution.       managing the intersection of
                        place to appropriately manage data.                This data integration also extends to      client data capture and insight
                                                                           advisers, aiding them in aspects of        delivery. These controls aim to
                                                                           advice generation and compliance.          ensure that we don’t inadvertently
                                                                                                                      cross into personal advice without
                                                                           The Managed Portfolio Service
                                                                                                                      appropriate documentation.
                                                                           offered through our Expand




                        22 | Environmental, social and governance report
For personal use only
                        Procurement and modern slavery
                        We are committed to combatting modern                management and due diligence processes to
                        slavery within our supply chain. We recognise        enable more rigorous future evaluations of supplier
                        alignment with the Modern Slavery Act is critical    performance. The Procurement Uplift Project,
                        to procurement – it helps us meet societal           initiated in early 2023, focuses on enhancing
                        expectations, investor demands, regulatory           efficiency, identifying cost savings, strengthening
                        requirements and our own promises on                 supplier relationships and addressing supply chain
                        acting ethically.                                    risks including disruptions and compliance issues.
                                                                             The project supports compliance with the Modern
                        We submitted our third annual Modern Slavery
                                                                             Slavery Act. Insignia Financial’s Supplier Code of
                        Statement in December 2022 to the Australian
                                                                             Conduct is scheduled to be finalised and published
                        Border Force, which outlined how we assess and
                                                                             in the second half of calendar year 2023.
                        mitigate modern slavery risks within our corporate
                        supply chain, as well as our asset management        All employees have completed training on
                        business. This statement included our five-year      compliance with the Modern Slavery Act. We are
                        maturity plan to improve our identification of       focused on detecting and addressing modern
                        modern slavery issues and mitigation actions.        slavery through continuous improvement in the
                                                                             quality, integrity and availability of data. This
                        Procurement processes and policies                   extends to collaboration with suppliers, ensuring
                        In October 2022, Insignia Financial implemented      improved awareness and supporting suppliers’
                        a new digital procurement system, enhancing          implementation of sustainable practices.
                        our ability to manage corporate suppliers and        In line with the actions in Insignia Financial’s
                        improve the end-to-end procurement process.          Innovate RAP, our Procurement Team is increasing
                        We also introduced a new procurement policy and      the engagement of Indigenous suppliers.
                        updated outsourcing policies to upgrade supplier



                                                                                                      Environmental, social and governance report | 23
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Client impact


                        Responsible investment, ESG
                        integration and stewardship
                        Insignia Financial seeks to deliver the returns our clients
                        need while understanding the importance of ESG factors.
                        We are constantly exploring ways to align investment
                        decisions with stakeholder interests and our vision for a
                        more sustainable future.

                        Responsible investment and
                        asset management




For personal use only
                        With the appointment of our new Head of Responsible
                        Investment we remain focused on aligning responsible
                        investment frameworks across our multiple investment
                        teams and products. A review of all Responsible
                        Investment Policy Statements was undertaken to further
                        align our ESG approach across the investment business.
                                                                                      Financial wellbeing and
                        Work has also commenced on aligning our investment
                        businesses to the PRI. Our boutique investment business,      advice accessibility
                        Antares, became a signatory in April 2023.
                                                                                      Financial wellbeing can significantly influence personal
                        We’ve also begun climate risk assessments across our          wellbeing and strengthen broader social cohesion. As the
                        range of in-house multi-manager funds, including our          investment and super landscapes grow more complex,
                        MySuper funds. More information on this initiative is         the benefits of accessible expert financial advice are
                        contained in the climate risk section of this report (p 34)   increasingly apparent. By encouraging greater financial
                                                                                      literacy and fostering more access to advice, we hope to
                        Advice research                                               meet the financial needs of a wider range of Australians.
                        The Advice Research Team conducts ESG research using
                        various methods. In addition to considering market            Client and member engagement
                        themes and emerging trends, the team analyses all types       To improve the financial wellbeing of every Australian, we
                        of investment options on our Approved Product List with       seek to offer current and potential clients and members
                        respect to its ESG approach.                                  access to help, guidance, coaching and advice across a
                                                                                      spectrum of needs. This includes:
                        The team also produce analysis on ESG investing that
                        helps advisers when discussing ESG considerations with        • relevant factual financial information
                        their clients. Furthermore, we provide support to advisers    • a wide range of financial insights, and
                        in constructing ESG portfolios. Our team has developed
                                                                                      • general, scaled and comprehensive advice.
                        an ESG investment philosophy along with a set of ESG
                        portfolios, enabling advisers and clients to invest in an     Following the acquisition of MLC, our Member Engagement
                        ESG-aware portfolio through managed accounts or               and Wellbeing Team has the additional capacity and
                        model portfolios.                                             technology resources to better engage with our clients
                                                                                      and members. In financial year 2023, we added 10 new
                                                                                      client-focused roles to the team across client engagement,
                                                                                      financial coaching, super advice and data analytics.

                                                                                      These additional team members, together with our
                                                                                      Workplace Client Engagement Team closely working with
                                                                                      our new and existing employer clients, delivered a material
                                                                                      increase in client and member engagement both digitally
                                                                                      and face to face. In total, we had more than 280,000 client
                                                                                      engagements across these channels.



                        24 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Advice accessibility                       Supporting professional growth                    Client and member
                        We believe quality financial advice                                                          engagement snapshot
                        can drive more informed investment         With the escalating demand for
                        decision making and deliver better         expert advice, our Professional Year            General advice and financial
                        financial and lifestyle outcomes. Our      (PY) program helps us contribute                coaching sessions for clients
                                                                   to a solution by preparing the                  and members
                        goal is to make quality advice more



                                                                                                                  +18,400
                                                                   next wave of financial advisers.
                        accessible. We’ve worked to achieve        The program provides training
                        this in several ways over the year.        for advisers, equipping them
                                                                   with the skills needed to provide
                        Enhanced Personal                          exceptional service to clients.
                        Super Calculator                           We have 20 graduates and 42
                                                                   currently enrolled.
                        The Direct Digital Team enhanced the




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   Member education sessions
                                                                   The program is also an opportunity



                                                                                                                  1,693
                        Personal Super Calculator, extending
                                                                   for our employees to advance their
                        its accessibility to an additional         careers, offering skill enhancement
                        90,000 plus members. Now, more             and broader expertise, while
                        than 577,000 MLC and Plum                  helping to retain talent and instil a
                                                                   culture of continuous improvement.
                        members can readily access online
                        advice from their secure accounts at                                                       Number of attendees at
                        no additional cost. This development                                                       member education sessions



                                                                                                                  18,290
                        has seen our user activity double.        Financial coaches and our ClientFirst
                                                                  contact centre can now direct clients
                        Updated the MLC and Plum                  towards the necessary assistance and
                        Financial Advice web pages                advice more easily.
                        We’ve updated the MLC and Plum
                        Financial Advice web pages to better      Integrated Web Messenger and
                        explain our range of advisory services.   Apple Business Chat                              Digital engagement interactions
                        We added user-friendly features           We integrated Web Messenger and                  through podcasts, Education
                        including innovative online forms         Apple Business Chat for financial                Hub, SuperSizer, Personal Super
                        that facilitate financial coaching and    coaches so our ClientFirst Team can              and Insurance Needs calculators



                                                                                                                 +180,000
                        super adviser appointment bookings.       swiftly transfer client chats where
                                                                  necessary. This means coaches can
                                                                  conduct client conversations in the
                                                                  client’s channel of preference.

                                                                                                                   Additional member
                                                                                                                   interactions through tailored
                                                                                                                   engagement programs



                                                                                                                  66,000
                                                                                                                   Digital statements of
                                                                                                                   advice delivered



                                                                                                                  6,850

                                                                                                           Environmental, social and governance report | 25
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Client impact


                        The Financial Freedom Report
                        We partnered with social research agency
                        McCrindle to explore the aspirations of Australians
                        across age, gender and other characteristics.
                        Specifically, we wanted to understand how
                        Australians’ aspirations have changed in a post-
                        pandemic, high-inflation environment. This speaks
                        to our ambition to help every Australian achieve
                        financial wellbeing.

                        Using the insights generated by the research, we
                        created a Financial Freedom Index to measure




For personal use only
                        how Australians are positioned to live a life of
                        financial independence.

                        The inaugural Financial Freedom Index score
                        of 49 out of 100 suggests more needs to be
                        done to help Australians achieve financial
                        independence and achieve their dreams. It is
                        anticipated the Financial Freedom Index will be
                        conducted annually.




                        The Financial Freedom Report, launched in May 2023, revealed the following about Australians:

                            Majority now pursuing their dream                 Financial independence          Women are more motivated than
                             lives, rather than a dream home                      is #1 aspiration             men to achieve their dreams




                            60%                        40%                          55%                        55%                    44%
                           have a stronger           have a stronger               aspire to being           of women are              of men are
                          desire to live their      desire to have their              ﬁnancially           motivated to achieve    motivated to achieve
                           dream lifestyles.          dream home.                   independent.              their dreams.           their dreams.




                                                             3 in 10             received no ﬁnancial education in childhood.

                                                              sparking a new wave of young people eager to improve their current ﬁnancial
                                                              situation, and older counterparts wanting to improve their ﬁnancial knowledge.




                        26 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Product simplification and innovation
                        We believe product simplification and innovation can           1. Cultivating growth. By investing in areas of
                        make our solutions more accessible, easier to use and             importance to our clients, we are creating opportunities
                        more client-focused.                                              for substantial growth.
                                                                                       2. Managing risk. Reducing complexity within our
                        By unifying three large businesses (MLC, IOOF and P&I)
                                                                                          operations minimises and mitigates potential risks.
                        and streamlining multiple products, we’re delivering
                                                                                       3. Realising efficiencies. Through intelligent expense
                        efficiency at scale. Our product simplification roadmap
                                                                                          management and scale efficiencies, we can deliver our
                        focuses on the following aims.
                                                                                          services to clients at a reduced cost, without sacrificing
                                                                                          quality or effectiveness.




For personal use only
                        Key simplification initiatives
                        financial year 2023
                        Over the past year, we have delivered initiatives focused
                        on simplification and better client outcomes, resulting
                        in total fee reductions of more than $20 million to our
                        clients. The larger-scale initiatives are outlined below.


                         Product         Summary of initiative             Completion date    Outcomes

                         Evolve23        Product enhancements and fee      November 2022       A range of improvements for our existing members
                         Phase 1         reduction to Expand products                          on the Evolve platform, including:
                                         on Evolve to prepare for the                          • a significant reduction in the percentage-based
                                         future transfer of MLC Wrap                             administration fees for Expand Essential (from
                                         products                                                0.35% to 0.10%) and Expand Extra (from 0.70%
                                                                                                 to 0.45%), resulting in $5.3m in fee reductions
                                                                                                 per year
                                                                                               • a new mobile app, a refreshed brand and website
                                                                                                 improvements, and
                                                                                               • a range of product enhancements, including
                                                                                                 additional investment options and the addition of
                                                                                                 MLC Life as a retail insurance option.

                         MasterKey       Simplification of MasterKey’s     May 2023            Changes to the MasterKey super and pension
                                         investment menu to                                    investment menus include:
                                         create a more streamlined,                            • a reduction in the overall number of investment
                                         contemporary offer                                      options, from 215 to 65
                                                                                               • the addition of five new investment options,
                                                                                                 including the MLC Socially Responsible Growth
                                                                                                 investment option
                                                                                               • the closure of 16 investment options to new
                                                                                                 investors, and
                                                                                               • the renaming of 17 investment options, along with
                                                                                                 other investment parameter changes.

                         OnePath         OPC had a collection of           June 2023           • Around 45,000 members and $4.6 billion was
                         Custodians      legacy products that required                           transferred into contemporary, open products
                         (OPC)           members to be transitioned to                         • Ten products and 67 investment options were
                         product         more contemporary products                              terminated and five group insurance policies
                         transitions     following our financial year                            consolidated, resulting in member fee reductions
                                         2022 Legislated Outcomes                                totalling ~$16 million per year.
                                         Assessment




                                                                                                          Environmental, social and governance report | 27
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Social impact


                        Engaging First Nations people

                        By actively collaborating with                     items by the end of June 2023.
                        Indigenous communities and                         We collaborated closely with our
                        our Indigenous partners, we are                    community partners and Employee
                        working towards delivering on our                  Engagement Team on impactful
                        commitment to creating a balanced,                 activities for National Reconciliation
                                                                                                                    Indigenous community
                        sustainable future for all.                        Week and NAIDOC Week.                    engagement
                                                                           The development of our Innovate
                        Innovate RAP                                                                                    Participating in the ASIC
                                                                           RAP reaffirms our commitment
                        We are dedicated to promoting                                                                Indigenous Super Summit 2023
                                                                           to the reconciliation process




For personal use only
                        reconciliation and striving for a united           through respect of culture and
                        and fair Australia, and are proud                                                            In June, seven Insignia Financial
                                                                           heritage, maintaining positive            delegates attended the ASIC
                        to announce that Reconciliation                    community relationships and               Indigenous Super Summit 2023.
                        Australia endorsed our Innovate RAP                providing meaningful employment           The summit brought together
                        in June 2023. This comprehensive                   opportunities.                            representatives from the
                        plan encompasses 90 individual                                                               superannuation industry,
                        actions that we aim to complete by                 We support programs that                  government and community to
                                                                           enhance financial literacy, boost         discuss how to address the complex
                        March 2025.
                                                                                                                     challenges First Nations people
                                                                           superannuation savings and improve
                        While progressing through the                                                                experience around access to and
                                                                           retirement income for Aboriginal and      engagement with superannuation.
                        endorsement process, we worked                     Torres Strait Islander communities.
                        quickly to deliver 23 of the 90 action



                                                                                                                       Girls from Oz: Empowering
                                                                                                                       young girls through artistic
                                                                                                                                endeavours

                                                                                                                     Over the past five years, the IOOF
                                                                                                                     Foundation has partnered with The
                                                                                                                     Girls from Oz to support the growth
                                                                                                                     and development of the Lockhart
                                                                                                                     River program in Far North
                                                                                                                     Queensland. Nearly 400 young
                                                                                                                     girls have received high-quality
                                                                                                                     performing arts education.
                                                                                                                     Our collaboration strives to
                                                                                                                     enhance engagement in schooling,
                                                                                                                     build self-confidence and self-
                                                                                                                     esteem, and provide a secure
                                                                                                                     environment that encourages
                                                                                                                     positive risk-taking among
                                                                                                                     young women.
                                                                                                                     In November 2022, we welcomed
                                                                                                                     34 girls (five from Lockhart River)
                                                                                                                     to our Melbourne office as part of
                                                                                                                     their week-long travel program with
                                                                                                                     the Australian Girls Choir.



                           Girls from Oz performing with the Australian
                           Girls Choir on their annual tour.
                           Photo credit: Australian Girls Choir



                        28 | Environmental, social and governance report
For personal use only
                                                                                                         Our Digital Marketing Team
                                                                                                         using their volunteer leave
                                                                                                         to support OzHarvest.
                                                                                                         Photo credit: Lisa Bremner




                        Community investment
                        We are dedicated to the financial wellbeing of        Workplace giving and Foundation grants
                        all Australians, including those in more vulnerable   Through our workplace giving program and IOOF
                        or disadvantaged communities. We offer our            Foundation grants we contributed over $1.2 million to
                        support to these communities through our              our community partners in financial year 2023. Moreover,
                        charitable foundation, employee giving, fundraising   we have expanded our employee volunteering efforts.
                        and volunteering, to help close social gaps.



                        $695,000
                        in IOOF Foundation grants                             Workplace giving and volunteering



                        40%            to support financial
                                       literacy ($280,000)                    +$500,000 of workplace
                                                                                        giving



                        29%            to support mental
                                       health prevention                      3,470 hours
                                       ($200,000)                             of community volunteering


                        16%            to support Indigenous
                                       communities ($113,000)                 18%          of employees
                                                                                           volunteered


                                                                                                      Environmental, social and governance report | 29
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Social impact


                        The IOOF Foundation                                Indigenous partners – Red Dust,
                                                                                                                             The Smith Family
                                                                           Girls from Oz and the Aboriginal
                        The IOOF Foundation was
                                                                           Literacy Foundation – and tie into our
                        established as a public ancillary                                                            Since 2008 Insignia Financial, along
                                                                           Innovate RAP, providing educational       with the IOOF Foundation, has
                        fund in 2002 and has distributed
                                                                           programs for First Nations people.        partnered with children’s education
                        more than $17 million to Australian
                                                                                                                     charity, The Smith Family. This
                        communities since inception. Our
                                                                           Volunteering                              relationship has been maintained
                        Foundation continues to invest in                                                            through our advice business,
                                                                           As employees return to the office and     Bridges. Over the past seven years
                        initiatives supporting Australian not-
                                                                           seek meaningful ways to unite as a        we have invested $1.2 million in
                        for-profit organisations working with
                                                                           team, we’ve seen an 8% increase in        vital financial literacy programs,
                        disadvantaged families and children,                                                         supporting disadvantaged high
                                                                           employee volunteering compared to
                        youth, and those in aged care.                                                               school students.
                                                                           the previous year – that’s volunteering




For personal use only
                        During financial year 2023, the                                                              Given our recent Financial Freedom
                                                                           of 3,470 hours across the business.       Report highlighted the need for
                        Foundation granted just over                       This year our employees joined            better financial education for
                        $695,000 to our 12 community                       forces with charities such as Eat Up,     Australia’s youth, this year we
                        partners, with a significant focus on              OzHarvest and The Salvation Army.         deepened our partnership by
                        mental health, financial literacy and                                                        supporting The Smith Family’s
                                                                                                                     online Money Talks program. This
                        Indigenous communities.                                                                      enables up to 500 students to
                                                                                                                     learn skills essential for successful
                        Employee giving                                                                              financial decision-making.
                        In late 2022, we introduced a
                        centralised digital giving platform,
                        CommUnity, to make it easier for our
                        employees to support the charities
                        that matter to them. To amplify
                        our impact, we match every
                        dollar donated on the platform
                        (up to $1,200 per employee
                                                                           We are committed to a goal of 40% employee
                        annually). We are committed                        participation on our digital CommUnity giving
                        to a goal of 40% employee                          platform by the end financial year 2025.
                        participation on our digital
                        CommUnity giving platform by
                        the end of financial year 2025.

                        Through the collaborative efforts
                        of individual employee donations,
                        matched giving and fundraising
                        events such as The Biggest Morning
                        Tea, STEPtember, and World Pride,
                        we raised over $500,000 through
                        workplace giving – a notable increase
                        since the introduction of the
                        CommUnity digital platform.

                        These results also encompass
                        financial contributions to our



                        Insignia Financial employees
                        sorting and packing food items
                        with Foodbank.
                        Photo credit: Natalie Stephens



                        30 | Environmental, social and governance report
                                                                                                          • 4,923 team members
                        Employee                                In February 2023, we implemented
                                                                hybrid working, requesting our               accessed our informative
                        engagement,                             people spend 40% of their time               wellbeing webinars.
                        wellbeing and                           together in our office spaces. To
                                                                                                          We also commenced monthly
                                                                make returning to the office more
                        retention                               attractive, we refurbished several
                                                                                                          massages in our major offices across
                                                                                                          the country in May 2023, with 360
                                                                office hubs, including Wollongong
                        We are constantly working on                                                      employees enjoying the benefits
                                                                and Mount Waverley.
                        employee engagement and wellbeing                                                 and positive feedback received.
                        as the foundation of a healthy
                                                                Employee health and
                        workplace culture. They enhance                                                   Diversity,
                        efficiency, improve retention           satisfaction
                                                                                                          inclusion and




For personal use only
                        and underpin a happier, more            In the April 2023 edition of the Our
                        productive workplace.                   Voice survey, we sought to learn          equal opportunity
                                                                about wellbeing in our workforce:
                        Career development tools                • Wellbeing as a priority: 71% of
                                                                                                          As an organisation, we celebrate
                                                                                                          the individuality of our people and
                        and resources                             our employees perceive wellbeing
                                                                                                          believe diversity and inclusion are
                        Between March and May 2023, the           as a key priority. This reflects
                                                                                                          vital to our culture.
                        People and Culture Team launched          our efforts to create a workplace
                        the Development Matters program.          culture that recognises the             Strategy and scorecard
                        The program included seven                importance of mental and physical
                                                                                                          Our Diversity and Inclusion Plan
                        workshops sharing knowledge and           health and fosters a supportive
                                                                                                          for 2022–2024 is a roadmap
                        resources to help employees seize         environment where individuals
                                                                                                          designed to make our workplace
                        new career opportunities, better          can thrive.
                                                                                                          better for everyone. It outlines
                        leverage existing skills and close      • Hybrid working flexibility: 83%         our strategy to amplify diversity
                        development gaps.                         of our employees feel able to           awareness, celebrate uniqueness,
                        The program also included keynotes        balance personal responsibilities       build connections, and tackle
                        delivered by external thought leaders     while working in a hybrid way,          systemic inequalities.
                        and workshops that included our           and 80% of staff welcome flexible
                                                                  working arrangements. This              The strategy has six focus areas –
                        senior leaders, to share expert
                                                                  validates our approach and means        Pride, Accessibility, Reconciliation, Life
                        tips and knowledge relevant to
                                                                  our employees can perform at            and Family, Gender, and Multicultural
                        our context.
                                                                  their best without compromising         – each supported by an executive
                        The results were positive, with                                                   sponsor and led by a business leader.
                                                                  their personal lives.
                        8.7 out of 10 employees either                                                    These individuals form our Diversity
                        strongly agreed or agreed the           Employee wellbeing                        and Inclusion Advisory Committee,
                        content was relevant to their needs.                                              chaired by our CEO.
                                                                initiatives
                        Encouragingly, 83% of attendees
                                                                We remain committed to promoting          We track our progress through a
                        expressed confidence in their ability
                                                                the wellbeing of every employee in        diversity and inclusion scorecard,
                        to apply the insights gained from
                                                                our organisation. Your Mind Matters       updating our CEO and executive
                        these sessions in their daily work.
                                                                is our dedicated wellbeing program        sponsors every quarter and updating
                                                                designed to foster the health and         the Board annually. Performance
                        Hybrid working
                                                                wellness of our people. In the            against gender representation
                        As the world adjusts to living with
                                                                past year:                                targets are included in these updates.
                        COVID-19, the business has been
                        encouraging our people to spend         • 2,488 employees, including people       The 2023 Our Voice survey explored
                        time face to face. While we support       leaders, completed mental health        employees’ perceptions of diversity,
                        flexible work practices, we believe       awareness training                      inclusion and equity, and analysed
                        spending time together is important                                               our workforce demographics. Our
                                                                • over 1,200 individuals benefited
                        to our culture of belonging and                                                   people feel genuinely positive about
                                                                  from our flu vaccination
                        improves collaboration.                                                           what we’re doing – 85% say they
                                                                  initiative, and


                                                                                                       Environmental, social and governance report | 31
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                             Social impact


                        value diversity at our organisation, and 77% feel                    Gender diversity and pay gap
                        we’re good at building diverse teams. While we
                                                                                             We are working towards gender parity. While recent
                        feel these results strongly correlate with a good
                                                                                             decreases in female representation within certain roles
                        employee experience, our aim is to help ensure that
                                                                                             are acknowledged, our overall female presence is 49.16%
                        all employees feel included through the delivery of
                                                                                             (June 2023). Our pay gap is 14.5% (May 2023), remaining below
                        our 2024–2026 Diversity and Inclusion Plan.
                                                                                             the average in the financial services sector and Australian
                        In 2023, we joined the Champions of Change                           norms. However, the Performance and Rewards Team
                        Coalition, reinforcing our commitment to gender                      continue to review, monitor and report on the gender pay gap.
                        equality, promoting female leadership and                            To gain a deeper understanding of the trends in female
                        cultivating respectful, inclusive workplaces. We                     workforce participation within our business, we organised a
                        have completed the processes required to achieve                     series of gender-focused listening sessions. Our CEO met with




For personal use only
                        AWEI Bronze Tier status, which formally recognises                   45 of our senior female professionals across the business
                        Insignia Financial’s commitment to Australian                        to explore their experiences working at Insignia Financial.
                        LGBTQIA+ inclusion, equality and equity.                             Additionally, we carried out one-on‑one exit interviews to
                        We have also applied for Family Inclusive                            gather insights and feedback. We have built these insights
                        Workplace certification.                                             into Our Leading Women initiatives to deepen connection
                                                                                             and engagement.
                        Employee demographics                                                Another key focus is on building our female executive talent
                        To enhance our understanding of our people, this                     pool. This effort is amplified via the Our Leading Women
                        year’s Our Voice survey asked 18 questions about                     initiative and by a broader talent review process, fostering
                        our employees’ experiences of diversity, inclusion                   visibility, connectivity and growth for high-potential women.
                        and equity. Additionally, 11 specific questions
                                                                                             Striving for a balanced business representative of the
                        were employed to understand our workforce
                                                                                             communities we serve is inherent to our diversity and
                        demographics. These insights are instrumental in
                                                                                             inclusion mission.
                        shaping organisational policies and initiatives to
                        support an inclusive and supportive environment.                     A measurable goal we’ve set for Board composition is a
                                                                                             minimum of 30% representation per gender, a target we’re
                                                                                             proud to currently meet.


                        Female representation data and gender targets – July 2023

                                                                                                                                  Female representation target
                                                            Female representation             Female representation
                         Category                                                                                                 outlined in the 2022 to 2024
                                                            July 2022                         July 2023                           diversity and inclusion strategy

                         Board (excluding CEO)              40.00%                            40.00%                              –

                         Executives (including CEO)         38.46%                            25.00%                              45%

                         Senior managers12                  46.15%                            42.68%                              45%

                         Other managers13                   41.75%                            40.99%                              45%

                         Technology                         28.52%                            30.31%                              30%

                         Asset Management                   34.74%                            37.17%                              35%

                         Total workforce                    50.17%                            49.16%                              –




                        12 Senior Managers includes all roles reporting to an executive, excluding administrative support roles
                        13 Other Managers includes all other managers

                        32 | Environmental, social and governance report
                                    Environmental impact


                        Operational environmental impacts
                        We recognise the science of climate change and               Analysis has commenced on areas where we can
                        acknowledge businesses need to play a role in reducing       effectively eliminate our operational emissions, which will
                        emissions and waste, to help transition to a renewable       inform our scope 1, 2 and 3 2030 reduction commitment.
                        economy. It is important for us to understand climate
                                                                                     Insignia Financial has offset 100% of financial year 2022
                        change and the risk impacts it can have on our supply
                                                                                     emissions through the purchase of 15,107 carbon credits.
                        chains, investment portfolios and the communities
                                                                                     Our carbon credit portfolio includes programs supporting
                        we serve, so we can develop strategies to manage and
                                                                                     savanna burning in Australia and solar cookstoves in China
                        mitigate these risks appropriately.
                                                                                     (Henan province).
                        Voluntary climate action




For personal use only
                                                                                     Greenhouse emissions
                        In July 2022, we became a carbon-neutral organisation
                        through measuring and offsetting our operational carbon      Insignia Financial’s greenhouse gas emissions (GHG)
                        emissions. This achievement has been further recognised      for financial year 2022 were assessed by independent
                        through our certification with Climate Active. However, we   consultants. Based on the available data, the estimated
                        recognise our continued focus needs to be on identifying     carbon emissions totalled 15,106.9 tonnes of carbon
                        ways to reduce and where possible eliminate emissions.       dioxide equivalents (CO2-e). This total reflects the
                                                                                     increased size of the business due to the MLC acquisition
                        As financial year 2022 was our first full year following     and includes indirect contributions along the supply chain
                        the integration of the MLC business, we are using this as    (Scope 3 operational emissions).
                        our baseline year to make a 2030 emissions-reduction
                        commitment for our operational emissions this year.




                        Total Group operational                          Postage, courier       IT services
                        CHG emissions                                     and logistics
                                                                                                7.4%
                        15,106.9                                            8.1%                                            Business travel

                                                                                                                               6.5%
                        tonnes of CO2-e                           Office supplies
                                                                   and services                                                         Other

                                                                  14.8%                                                             9.2%
                         Scope 1
                        Direct emissions such as those
                        resulting from fuel use or
                                                                                               Group CHG
                        refrigerant leakage.
                        0 tonnes CO2-e (0.0%)
                                                                                             emissions by key
                                                                                              activity sector
                         Scope 2
                        Indirect energy import such as
                        purchased electricity.
                        1,342.2 tonnes CO2-e (8.9%)                  Employees                                                          Electricity

                         Scope 3
                        All other indirect upstream
                                                                  19.3%                                                      34.7%
                        emissions resulting from activities
                        along the value chain.
                        13,764.7 tonnes CO2-e (91.1%)




                                                                                                       Environmental, social and governance report | 33
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Environmental impact


                        Climate risk assessment
                        We believe the sustainability of our               We acknowledge that under these         Financial year 2023
                        business is intrinsically linked to the            new standards, we will be required      highlights
                        sustainability of the environment                  to measure and report on our
                        we operate in. We recognise climate                financed emissions.
                                                                                                                   Achieved Climate
                        change has far-reaching impacts on
                                                                           Proactively, Insignia Financial is      Active certification,
                        economies and societies.
                                                                           shaping a reporting roadmap to meet     confirming carbon-neutral
                                                                           these requirements by the financial     status for our business
                        Addressing climate risk                                                                    operational emissions
                                                                           year 2025 reporting cycle.
                        Our efforts to address climate risk




For personal use only
                        are aimed at ensuring we remain                    Climate commitment
                        resilient in the face of climate-related                                                   Supported
                                                                           Over the past two financial years, we

                                                                                                                   net zero 2050
                        challenges. In financial year 2023, we
                                                                           have measured our scope 1, 2 and
                        focused on activities such as aligning
                                                                           3 corporate operational emissions,
                        responsible investment frameworks,                                                         commitment for our operations,
                                                                           with a view to understanding where
                        delivering climate-risk education to                                                       in line with Paris Agreement
                                                                           our emissions are generated and
                        various entity boards, and measuring
                                                                           to inform our emissions-reduction
                        climate risk across a broader suite of
                                                                           goals. Insignia Financial supports
                        investment portfolios including our                                                        Climate and nature
                                                                           the Australian Government’s
                        MySuper portfolios.                                                                        risk education
                                                                           commitment to align to a net zero
                        Our RIAA and IGCC memberships are                  carbon emissions goal by 2050.          delivered to Responsible
                        informing the development of our                                                           Entity boards (REs),
                                                                           We’re evaluating our financial year     superannuation trustees (RSEs),
                        investment approach.
                                                                           2022 data with a view to creating       and the Insignia Financial Board
                                                                           a plan that will inform our 2030
                        Sustainability disclosure
                                                                           emissions-reduction commitment.
                        Insignia Financial supports the                    We continually review and improve
                        Australian Government’s efforts to                 our processes, frameworks
                        improve sustainability disclosure by               and disclosures in relation to
                        companies, including the proposed                  managing climate change risks
                        climate-related financial disclosure               and opportunities.
                        requirements. We understand
                        through our consultation process
                        these new disclosure requirements
                        align with the global TCFD framework,
                        which will now be monitored by the
                        International Financial Reporting
                        Standards Foundation under the new
                        ISSB standards being applied globally.




                        34 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Insignia Financial’s key climate-related activities

                         TCFD recommendation                 Progress

                         Governance                          • Governance structures of boards            • The Head of ESG is responsible for
                         • Board oversight                     and investment committees are in             providing regular climate risk reporting
                                                               place to help ensure climate risks are       to Insignia Financial’s Board
                         • Management responsibility           adequately assessed                        • Climate risk education is conducted
                                                             • Climate risk issues are reported to          with fiduciary REs and RSEs by Head of
                                                               Insignia Financial Board’s Group Risk        Responsible Investment and Head of
                                                               and Compliance Committee                     ESG

                         Strategy                            • The Insignia Financial Board supports      • Climate-related risks and opportunities




For personal use only
                         • Climate-related risks and           a net zero 2050 commitment for               are included in updated responsible
                           opportunities                       corporate emissions                          investment statements for RSEs
                         • Impacts on business, strategy     • Climate Active certification was           • We introduced climate risk scenario
                                                               achieved in September 2022,                  analysis at an asset allocation level for
                           and financial planning
                                                               recognising operational emissions            our in-house managed diversified funds
                         • Climate scenario analysis           carbon-neutrality
                                                             • A Head of Responsible Investment was
                                                               appointed to help enhance climate
                                                               risk frameworks within the Asset
                                                               Management business

                         Risk management                     • ESG risks to Insignia Financial are        • We extended the CCSF analysis
                         • Processes for identifying and       reported to boards and the Executive         across in-house managed diversified
                           assessing risks                     Team                                         investment funds
                         • Processes for managing            • Insignia Financial has achieved            • Responsible investment statements
                                                               carbon-neutral status, offsetting our        outline how our external investment
                           climate-related risks
                                                               operational emissions generated in           managers are expected to implement
                         • Integrating with overall risk       financial year 2022                          climate risk considerations in investment
                           management
                                                             • ESG factors are considered a key             portfolios
                                                               enduring principle for our Group           • ESG risks are captured as part of asset
                                                               and Entity Risk Appetite Statements          management risk profiles, to provide
                                                               within our corporate risk management         visibility and awareness of climate-
                                                               framework                                    related risks
                                                             • The Climate Change Strategic Asset
                                                               Allocation Framework (CCSF) has been
                                                               implemented to assess climate risk in
                                                               investment portfolios

                         Metrics and targets                 • We measured Insignia Financial scope       • Insignia Financial will set a 2030 GHG
                         • Metrics to assess climate-          1, 2 and 3 corporate emissions for           reduction target for operational
                           related risks and opportunities     financial year 2022 – see Operational        emissions within financial year 2024,
                                                               environmental impacts section (p 33)         using financial year 2022 data as a
                         • Targets to manage climate-                                                       baseline
                           related risks and opportunities   • We maintained Climate Active
                           and performance                     accreditation, recognising the carbon-
                                                                                                          • We’re developing a detailed emissions-
                                                                                                            reduction plan as part of our 2030
                         • Disclose scope 1, 2 and, if         neutral status of operational emissions
                                                                                                            reduction commitment, demonstrating
                           appropriate, 3 GHG emissions      • Insignia Financial supports net zero         our emissions reduction pathway
                           and related risks                   2050 for its corporate emissions           • We will develop and deliver a climate
                                                               generated through its business               risk disclosure reporting roadmap to
                                                               operations, with a high-level emissions-     meet new proposed climate-related
                                                               reduction plan submitted as part of          financial disclosures proposed by the
                                                               Climate Active public disclosure             government, by financial year 2025




                                                                                                            Environmental, social and governance report | 35
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Environmental impact


                        Climate risk governance                                 In achieving carbon-neutral status as an
                                                                                organisation, we believe we can influence other
                        Boards
                                                                                businesses within our supply chain to better
                        Both the corporate Board and the fiduciary boards
                                                                                manage their corporate emissions.
                        of Insignia Financial consider climate risks. The
                        Group Risk and Compliance Committee (GRCC)              While we have achieved carbon-neutrality for our
                        of the Insignia Financial Group Board oversees          business emissions, we recognise the need to
                        ESG risks, including climate risks. Identification of   meaningfully reduce emissions generated through
                        corporate risks to the Board are informed by the        our operations where possible.
                        Risk Management (RM) function. The Head of ESG
                                                                                In financial year 2023, we extended the assessment
                        works with RM to inform ESG risks.
                                                                                of climate risk across our range of in-house
                        Investment committees                                   managed, diversified investment portfolios. This




For personal use only
                        The investment committees of Insignia Financial’s       includes the assessment of our MySuper portfolios
                        fiduciary boards have approved and adopted              for the second year. Through the assessment of
                        responsible investing policies. These policies          transition and physical risks in our portfolios, we
                        recognise the direct and indirect financial             can better manage climate risks to these portfolios.
                        implications of climate change for investee
                        companies and therefore longer-term investor
                        returns. These risks can be managed from asset
                                                                                                1. Transition risks
                        allocation and manager allocation perspectives,
                        which are handled by the investment committees.                         These are risks and opportunities created as
                                                                                                the world transitions to a low-carbon economy
                        Investment teams
                        The investment teams implement responsible                              2. Physical risks
                        investing policies and reporting on progress                            These are the physical risks to businesses
                        and activities relating to responsible investing.                       and assets due to changing weather patterns,
                        The Chief Investment Officer (CIO) and the Head                         such as severe weather events, longer-term
                        of Responsible Investing have key roles in this                         shifts in climate and rising sea levels.
                        responsibility. The CIO is ultimately responsible
                        for the overall investment program, including
                        management of climate-related risks in the
                                                                                Implementing the TCFD
                        portfolios. The Head of Responsible Investment
                        reports to the CIO and assists with the integration
                                                                                climate risk framework for
                        of ESG frameworks within the investment process.        our investment portfolios
                                                                                Insignia Financial has developed a framework
                        Climate risk strategy                                   to assess the financial impact of climate change
                        Insignia Financial recognises the science of climate    on expected returns for its range of diversified
                        change and understands that corporates need to          investment portfolios. This framework is a scenario-
                        play a leading role in decarbonising the economy.       based approach calibrated to each diversified
                        It is important for us to understand climate risk       portfolio’s strategic asset allocation (SAA). Called
                        as an organisation and the impacts it can have on       the Climate Change SAA Framework (CCSF), it is
                        our supply chains, investment portfolios and the        aligned to the Financial Stability Board’s TCFD
                        community we serve. This will enable us to develop      framework and APRA’s CPG 229 Climate Change
                        strategies to manage these risks appropriately.         Financial Risks guidelines.

                        We commenced our journey to understand our              The CCSF was initially applied to Insignia Financial’s
                        business operational emissions in 2021 and have         MySuper diversified portfolios in 2022 and
                        now calculated our scope 1, 2 and 3 corporate           now includes diversified choice portfolios. The
                        emissions for financial years 2021 and 2022.            framework provides a representation of the impact
                                                                                of climate risks on Insignia Financial’s aggregated
                                                                                investment product range.



                        36 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        The CCSF quantifies the impact of climate                       In achieving carbon-neutral status as an
                        change on expected returns and the                              organisation, we believe we can influence
                        probability of diversified portfolios meeting
                                                                                        other businesses within our supply chain to
                        their investment objectives. It also includes
                        other relevant metrics. The achievement                         better manage their corporate emissions.
                        of this first step establishes a benchmark
                        facilitating governance oversight. The next                     Capital market assumptions – the CCSF uses capital
                        step involves risk management in practice and                   market assumptions (CMAs) to generate assumptions
                        measurement of its results against the CCSF                     about expected portfolio outcomes. These CMAs are
                        benchmark metrics.                                              forecasts of the returns and risks associated with the
                        CCSF incorporates publicly available research                   asset classes used in the strategic asset allocation of




For personal use only
                        from central banks participating in the Network                 Insignia Financial’s diversified portfolios.
                        for Greening the Financial System (NGFS),                       The climate change adjustments to the CMAs are
                        asset consultants, scientific journals, and                     derived internally and include four parameters that
                        investment firms.                                               link transition and physical risk impacts to financial
                        The CCSF comprises different analytical methods                 market variables across different time horizons and
                        used to analyse climate change risks (Chart 1) and              temperature scenarios.
                        forms part of Insignia Financial’s existing strategic           The four parameters are the impact of changes to
                        asset allocation framework. This framework is                   global GDP on asset prices (Chart 2), the inflation
                        flexible enough to allow incorporation of new                   impact on asset prices, carbon footprint relativities
                        climate change research as it becomes available.                across asset classes, and the impact of volatility
                                                                                        changes to investment returns. The methodologies
                                                                                        employed to determine the adjustments are based on
                                                                                        fundamental principles obtained from publicly available
                                                                                        macroeconomic, scientific and investment research.


                        Chart 1: Modelling approaches across time horizon



                                     Long-term                                                                               77
                              2100
                                                        Modelling beyond mid century rely on scientiﬁc and stress-testing
                                                        approaches to extrapolate physical damages rather than traditional
                                                        macroeconomic approaches.


                                     Mid-term                             27
                                                        Macroeconomic approaches tend to be limited to 30 years. For example, interest rate
                              2050
                                                        curves based on 30-year maturities, inﬂation, unemployment. Central banks typically
                                                        utilise integrated assessment models to map climate risks to macroeconomic variables.


                                     Near-term          7
                              2030
                                                        PDS objectives and capital market assumption analysis typically reﬂect
                                                        a 7-10 year time horizon associated with a full economic cycle.




                                       Years        0          10       20         30         40        50        60         70          80         90


                        Source: Insignia Financial Asset Management


                                                                                                                  Environmental, social and governance report | 37
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                                                    Environmental impact


                        Chart 2: Decomposition of physical and transition risks


                                                                                       Physical impact     Transition impact


                                                                      Orderly




                           Climate Scenario / Time Horizon
                                                             2100
                                                                    Disorderly

                                                                    Hot-house



                                                                      Orderly




For personal use only
                                                             2050
                                                                    Disorderly

                                                                    Hot-house



                                                                      Orderly

                                                             2030   Disorderly

                                                                    Hot-house


                                                                             -30.0%   -25.0%   -20.0%    -15.0%     -10.0%       -5.0%       0.0%        5.0%



                        Source: Network for Greening the Financial System, and Insignia Financial Asset Management




                        Multi-risk perspectives – the CCSF examines nine                                   parameters for the CCSF, and this supplements existing
                        risk scenarios that are based on targets set in the Paris                          governance metrics used to assess Insignia Financial’s
                        Agreement. This comprises three temperature scenarios                              diversified portfolios.
                        across three different time horizons. The methodology
                                                                                                           Typically, many return and risk parameters are examined
                        is flexible enough to allow adjustments to be made in
                                                                                                           to help ensure individual diversified portfolios continue to
                        response to the changing nature of climate risk and its
                                                                                                           meet their objectives and satisfy investors’ best financial
                        impact on financial markets and diversified portfolios.
                                                                                                           interests. If any metric fails to meet a required governance
                        Temperature objectives – an Orderly scenario (2 degrees                            hurdle the Investment Team will make a recommendation
                        Celsius) that assumes early and coordinated policy action,                         to the relevant investment committee or board to rectify
                        a Disorderly scenario (3 degrees Celsius) for late policy                          the issue.
                        action, and a Hot-house scenario (4 degrees Celsius)
                                                                                                           An example of some of the climate change hurdle metrics
                        assuming no policy reaction to climate change.
                                                                                                           examined can be observed in Chart 3. This summarises
                        Time horizons – three time-horizons, covering 2030, 2050                           the asset-weighted reduction in probability, due to climate
                        and 2100.                                                                          change, of Insignia Financial’s diversified funds meeting
                                                                                                           their investment objectives under various time horizons
                        Investment governance framework – under Insignia
                                                                                                           and climate scenarios. It also includes the asset-weighted
                        Financial’s strategic asset allocation framework, we
                                                                                                           reduction in the expected return and associated dollar
                        measure how changing market conditions impact the
                                                                                                           impact for these diversified portfolios.
                        ability of each diversified portfolio to meet its objectives
                        and satisfy investor best financial interests.                                     Probability of meeting investment objectives – the
                                                                                                           hurdle for a diversified portfolio meeting its CPI+X%
                        The guidelines laid down by the Financial Stability
                                                                                                           investment objective is set at two-thirds probability.
                        Board’s TCFD framework and APRA’s CPG 229 Climate
                                                                                                           However, as market conditions change, the actual
                        Change Financial Risks establish the assessment
                                                                                                           probability is permitted to decline to 50% (the level



                        38 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        established for APRA Dashboard reporting for                        Return impact – mitigation of climate risks based
                        MySuper funds) before any urgent action is                          on strategic asset allocation which tilts away from
                        required. Before any action is taken, a variety of                  negatively impacted asset classes may not be an
                        quantitative metrics and qualitative considerations                 optimal outcome for investors. This may occur if
                        are examined.                                                       the return for these asset classes, net of the climate
                                                                                            risk impact, is still expected to deliver a large
                        In general, any probability reduction of up to 5% is
                                                                                            contribution to portfolio return. In such cases, any
                        unlikely to require urgent remedial action unless
                                                                                            reduction of the asset allocation weight sacrifices
                        existing probabilities are already borderline such
                                                                                            total return for the sake of improvement in the
                        that a 2% drop, as expected under the near-term
                                                                                            climate score.
                        time horizon, causes probabilities to fall below 50%
                        and breach internal governance limits. The impact                   To solve this dilemma, we are working towards a




For personal use only
                        to each diversified portfolio is individually assessed              climate risk reduction approach targeting the total
                        during internal governance reviews.                                 portfolio. This is preferred because poor climate
                                                                                            risk scores on some asset classes can be offset
                        By contrast, any climate change probability
                                                                                            by higher climate risk reduction scores elsewhere,
                        reduction greater than 5% is more likely to result in
                                                                                            achieving a net reduction in the climate impact at
                        the need for ‘close monitoring’, or at worse trigger
                                                                                            the total portfolio level.
                        the need for remedial action. This will generally
                        occur under the more severe temperature                             In Chart 3, the CCSF reports on the asset-weighted
                        scenarios expected over the long-term time                          return reduction in the strategic benchmark for the
                        horizon to 2100. The gradual realisation of this                    diversified portfolios across the different time-
                        risk scenario will require a proactive approach,                    horizon and temperature scenarios. This metric will
                        especially for superannuation funds with their long-                allow measurement of the degree to which these
                        term accumulation objectives, but fortunately there                 risks could be reduced when implementing the
                        is time to develop an appropriate risk mitigation                   actual investment allocations.
                        plan for individual diversified portfolios during
                        internal governance reviews.



                        Chart 3: Insignia Financial key climate-related activities

                                             Climate change temperature                       Probability impact    Return impact            Dollar impact
                         Time horizon        scenarios                                        (asset-weighted)*     (asset-weighted)         (asset-weighted)

                                             Orderly scenario (2 degrees)                     -1.8%                 -0.5%                    -$4,889

                              2030           Disorderly scenario (3 degrees)                  -1.6%                 -0.4%                    -$4,446

                                             Hot-house scenario (4 degrees)                   -2.0%                 -0.5%                    -$5,745

                                             Orderly scenario (2 degrees)                     -2.0%                 -0.5%                    -$22,441

                              2050           Disorderly scenario (3 degrees)                  -2.5%                 -0.7%                    -$32,103

                                             Hot-house scenario (4 degrees)                   -4.1%                 -1.1%                    -$60,216

                                             Orderly scenario (2 degrees)                     -2.3%                 -0.6%                    -$41,706

                              2100           Disorderly scenario (3 degrees)                  -5.0%                 -1.4%                    -$138,015

                                             Hot-house scenario (4 degrees)                   -12.2%                -3.5%                    -$1,028,332


                        *Estimated reduction in the probability of meeting investment objectives
                        Source: Insignia Financial Asset Management


                                                                                                                      Environmental, social and governance report | 39
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Environmental impact


                        Across the near and mid-term time horizons,            40 years, because this time horizon is relevant for
                        the magnitude of this return reduction impact is       a superannuation investor aged in their early 20s
                        relatively mild to moderate, and returns can be        investing until retirement in their 60s.
                        improved within the scope of normal portfolio
                                                                               Chart 3 summarises the asset-weighted dollar
                        construction activities. Improving the climate risk
                                                                               impact of the diversified portfolios across the
                        scores of individual portfolios will represent the
                                                                               different time-horizon and temperature scenarios.
                        next phase in our process of assessing climate risks
                                                                               The materiality of these estimates could be judged
                        in our investment decision making. However, across
                                                                               against APRA’s 2023 update to its retirement
                        the mid- to long-term horizon, in particular the
                                                                               income standards. This measure indicates that
                        Hot-house scenarios, there will be a pressing need
                                                                               couples aged around 65 now need $69,691 per
                        to mitigate the impact of climate change as the
                                                                               year to achieve a comfortable retirement, while
                        magnitude of these impacts are more serious.




For personal use only
                                                                               singles require an income of $49,462 per annum.
                        Dollar impact – the CCSF also calculates the
                                                                               These results illustrate the very real risk facing
                        expected dollar shortfall from the impact of climate
                                                                               investors in Insignia Financial’s diversified
                        change. Although these calculations require some
                                                                               portfolios, that the dollar impact of climate change
                        simplifying assumptions – for example, a constant
                                                                               at best represents a significant proportion of a
                        return shortfall over the calculated investment
                                                                               retiree’s annual income, and at worst can be many
                        horizon – and ignores additional contributions
                                                                               multiples in excess thereof. The silver lining is that
                        into the investment, this metric provides another
                                                                               the dollar impacts over the near time horizon
                        lens through which to judge the materiality of the
                                                                               to 2030 are relatively small – and this provides
                        climate change impact to diversified portfolios.
                                                                               some time to establish appropriate investment
                        Applying future value concepts, this metric            policies to guide portfolio managers in reducing
                        calculates the compounded shortfall assuming           the climate risk impact to Insignia Financial’s
                        a starting investment of $100,000 experiences a        diversified portfolios.
                        return reduction under each of the temperature
                        scenarios across each of the time horizons. The
                        time horizons are seven years to 2030, and 27 years
                        to 2050. Although the long-term time-horizon to
                        2100 covers 77 years, the metric only measures




                        40 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Climate risk management                                 Insignia Financial’s risk management framework

                        Our corporate approach to
                        risk management
                        ESG factors, including climate risk, are considered                                            Establish the context
                        a key enduring principle for our Group and entity
                        risk appetite statements within our corporate risk




                                                                                   Communication and consultation
                        management framework. The Insignia Financial




                                                                                                                                                                  Review and monitoring
                        risk management framework establishes clear                                                 Risk identification
                        principles to help ensure material risks are
                        effectively, efficiently and consistently identified,




For personal use only
                        assessed and managed. Our risk management                                                     Risk analysis
                        processes are illustrated below.

                        They include the application of logical and
                        systematic methods for:                                                                      Risk evaluation

                        • communicating and consulting throughout the
                           risk management process
                        • establishing the context for identifying,
                                                                                                                          Risk treatment
                           analysing, evaluating and treating risk associated
                           with any activity, process, function, product
                           or service
                        • monitoring, challenging and reviewing risks as                                             Recording and reporting
                           required, and
                        • recording and reporting the results
                           appropriately.
                                                                                Risk reporting
                        Context and criteria
                                                                                ESG risk ratings against risk appetite and risk
                        Where applicable, our entity risk appetite
                                                                                profiles and controls are reported to boards and
                        statements have specific ESG and/or climate risk
                                                                                management groups to provide a view of the
                        qualitative statements that define the risk appetite
                                                                                effectiveness of risk management.
                        and acceptable risk tolerance thresholds. The
                        development of risk metrics is in a formative stage,    This includes performance against risk appetite,
                        as we build an understanding of climate risk levers     management monitoring control testing and
                        in the investment portfolios.                           significant events.

                        Risk assessment and monitoring                          Risk management for our
                        The Insignia Financial Group and its business           investment portfolios
                        divisions assess and monitor ESG risks through          As a significant asset manager and superannuation
                        risk profiles. ESG risks are identified, analysed       provider for Australians, Insignia Financial believes
                        and evaluated through considerations such as the        the consideration and management of ESG factors,
                        likelihood and consequence of the risk occurring,       including climate risk, is important in meeting our
                        the control factors that mitigate the risk, and         long-term performance objectives for clients.
                        the risk relative to the risk appetite. The design      Our Responsible Investment Position statements
                        and operating effectiveness of ESG controls are         outline how we consider and manage ESG, including
                        periodically assessed to help ensure integrity          climate-related risks, within our internally managed
                        and currency.                                           investment portfolios. These statements can be
                                                                                found here: www.insigniafinancial.com.au/
                                                                                responsible-investment




                                                                                                                          Environmental, social and governance report | 41
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                            Environmental impact


                        Climate risk metrics and targets
                        As outlined in the introduction, this year’s focus will
                        continue to be aligning our responsible investment
                        approach across the investment businesses and
                        multiple responsible entities.

                        In relation to our business operations, we will
                        develop and deliver an emissions-reduction
                        plan, with a view to making a 2030 emissions-
                        reduction commitment.

                        In regard to current metrics and targets to assess




For personal use only
                        and manage climate impacts, Insignia Financial has:

                        • measured its scope 1, 2 and 3 operational
                           emissions for the second year – see Operational
                           environmental impacts section (p 33)
                        • achieved Climate Active certification in
                           September 2022, in recognition of our
                           organisation’s carbon-neutral status
                        • delivered our first climate risk report, using the
                           TCFD framework, and
                        • extended the CCSF climate risk assessment
                           framework to include all in-house managed
                           diversified investment funds, in addition to
                           MySuper investment portfolios.

                        In financial year 2024, Insignia Financial will:

                        • finalise emissions analysis for baseline year
                           2022, to develop an emissions-reduction plan
                           for corporate emissions
                        • make a public 2030 corporate emissions-
                           reduction commitment once the emissions-
                           reduction plan has been finalised
                        • maintain its Climate Active accreditation through
                           the offsetting of scope 1, 2 and 3 corporate
                           operational emissions
                        • continue to expand the adoption of the PRI              Biodiversity and conservation
                           commitment across investment teams, and
                                                                                  Biodiversity plays a crucial role in maintaining ecological balance
                        • develop a new climate risk reporting roadmap            and reducing biodiversity loss and is essential to achieving global
                           to meet new mandatory climate-related financial        climate change goals. We are at the beginning of our journey to
                           disclosure requirements by financial year 2025.        understand how Insignia Financial currently impacts biodiversity.
                                                                                  We are engaging with external consultants to understand how we
                                                                                  can better manage our conservation efforts.

                                                                                  Nature-related sustainability disclosure
                                                                                  Biodiversity and nature risk will be included in the Australian
                                                                                  Government’s proposed sustainability disclosures, and we will be
                                                                                  working towards meeting these requirements as this framework
                                                                                  is confirmed.



                        42 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Directors
                        Information regarding Directors of the Company for the year ended 30 June 2023.




For personal use only
                        Mr Allan Griffiths                        Mr Renato Mota                              Mr Andrew Bloore
                        Independent Non-Executive                 Chief Executive Officer and                 Independent Non-Executive
                        Director and Chairman                     Managing Director                           Director
                        B.Bus, DipLI                              BComm (Hons), B.Bus                         Director since 2 September 2019

                        Director since 14 July 2014               Director since 25 June 2019                 Mr Bloore is an experienced Non-
                        Chairman since 4 April 2019                                                           Executive Director, entrepreneur
                                                                  With more than 20 years’ experience
                                                                                                              and farmer. He has designed, built
                        More than 40 years’ experience with       in financial services before being
                                                                                                              and sold a number of businesses
                        a deep understanding of the financial     appointed CEO in June 2019, Mr Mota
                                                                                                              focused on the development of
                        services industry. Mr Griffiths has       held a number of senior executive
                                                                                                              key disruptive technologies and
                        held a number of executive positions      roles within the Group. In December
                                                                                                              distribution services in traditional
                        within the industry, most notably         2018, Mr Mota was appointed
                                                                                                              markets to create business
                        as Chief Executive Officer Aviva          Acting CEO and prior to that was
                                                                                                              efficiencies. Mr Bloore has been
                        Australia (formerly Norwich Union)        Group General Manager – Wealth
                                                                                                              actively involved in, as an Executive
                        and later, Managing Director South        Management since January 2016.
                                                                                                              and/or a Director and in the capacity
                        Asia, Aviva Asia Pte Ltd based in         During this time he was instrumental
                                                                                                              of investment funding, development
                        Singapore. Prior to joining Aviva, Mr     in leading the Insignia Financial
                                                                                                              and leadership, businesses including
                        Griffiths held executive positions with   Group through a series of forward-
                                                                                                              Smartsuper, SuperIQ, and Class
                        Colonial Ltd. Mr Griffiths is Chairman    thinking, strategic initiatives including
                                                                                                              Super. Mr Bloore has worked on
                        of Metrics Credit Partners, Chairman      the advice-led strategy, the ClientFirst
                                                                                                              a range of Senate and Treasury
                        of St Andrew’s Insurance Group            transformation and establishing the
                                                                                                              committees, and with the Australian
                        Australia and Chairman of Navalo          IOOF Advice Academy.
                                                                                                              Taxation Office Regulations
                        Financial Services Group Limited.
                                                                  Previously, he held numerous                Committee on regulation for the
                        Mr Griffiths is a member of the           executive roles, including as General       superannuation industry. In 2016,
                        Group Audit, Group Risk and               Manager of Distribution, Investor           Mr Bloore sold his superannuation
                        Compliance, Group Nominations,            Solutions, and Corporate Strategy           administration business to AMP,
                        and Group People and                      and Communications. Before joining          stepped down from the Senate and
                        Remuneration committees.                  the Group in 2003, Mr Mota worked           Treasury committees and focused
                                                                  for Rothschild and NAB in corporate         on contributing to organisations as a
                                                                  finance roles with a focus on mergers       Non-Executive Director.
                                                                  and acquisitions. He was involved in
                                                                                                              Mr Bloore is Chair of the Group
                                                                  wealth management transactions
                                                                                                              Nominations Committee
                                                                  including the demerger of Henderson
                                                                                                              and a Member of the Group
                                                                  Group plc from AMP in 2003 and
                                                                                                              Audit, Group People and
                                                                  NAB’s acquisition of MLC and
                                                                                                              Remuneration, and Group Risk and
                                                                  Deutsche Financial Planning.
                                                                                                              Compliance committees.



                                                                                                                                        Directors | 43
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




For personal use only
                        Ms Elizabeth Flynn                      Mr John Selak                           Ms Michelle Somerville
                        Independent Non-Executive               Independent Non-Executive               Independent Non-Executive
                        Director                                Director                                Director
                        LLB, Grad Dip App Corp Gov, FAICD,      Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD                     B Bus (Accounting), FCA, FAICD,
                        FFin, FGIA, FCG                                                                 Master Applied Finance
                                                                Director since 14 October 2016
                        Director since 15 September 2015                                                Director since 1 October 2019
                                                                Mr Selak has over 40 years’
                        Ms Flynn has more than 40 years’        experience in the financial and         Ms Somerville is an experienced Non-
                        experience in the financial services    advisory services industry. From        Executive Director, bringing deep and
                        industry, including roles within law    2000 to 2016, Mr Selak was a Partner    relevant finance, risk and governance
                        and corporate governance as well        in the Corporate Finance Practice       experience to the Board, having
                        as executive responsibilities. From     of Ernst & Young, serving on its        worked in the financial services
                        1998 to 2010, Ms Flynn was the Chief    Global Corporate Finance Executive.     industry in both executive and non-
                        Legal Counsel, Group Compliance         From 2014 to 2017, Mr Selak was an      executive roles. Previously she was
                        Manager and Group Company               advisory board member of Quest          an audit partner with KPMG Australia
                        Secretary of financial services group   Apartment Hotels. From 2016 to          for nearly 14 years, with a focus on
                        Aviva Australia, and a director of      2020, Mr Selak was a non-executive      the financial services industry in both
                        Aviva Australia’s superannuation        director of National Tiles. He was      Australia and overseas. Ms Somerville
                        trustee company. Prior to her           Chair of Corsair Capital until April    is currently a non-executive director
                        time at Aviva, Ms Flynn spent 18        2021. Mr Selak is currently a non-      of Select Harvests Limited (since
                        years as a commercial lawyer with       executive director of Turosi Food       2022). Ms Somerville was a non-
                        MinterEllison, including eight years    Solutions and the IOOF Foundation.      executive director of the GPT Group
                        as a Partner, specialising in managed   In December 2021, Mr Selak              from December 2015 to May 2023.
                        funds, banking, securitisation and      accepted a part-time role within
                                                                                                        Ms Somerville is the Chair of
                        superannuation. Ms Flynn was a          the Office of the Special Manager
                                                                                                        the Group Audit Committee
                        non-executive director of Bennelong     for the Melbourne Casino Operator
                                                                                                        and a member of the Group
                        Funds Management from 2010 to           as Deputy Special Manager -
                                                                                                        Nominations, Group People and
                        2015 and The Colonial Mutual Life       Governance, Risk and Assurance.
                                                                                                        Remuneration, and Group Risk and
                        Assurance Society Limited from
                                                                Mr Selak is Chair of the Group People   Compliance committees.
                        November 2019 until April 2021. She
                                                                and Remuneration Committee and a
                        is a non-executive director of AIA
                                                                member of the Group Audit, Group
                        Australia Limited and Chair of AIA
                                                                Nominations, and Group Risk and
                        Health Insurance Pty Ltd.
                                                                Compliance committees.
                        Ms Flynn is Chair of the Group Risk
                        and Compliance Committee, and a
                        member of the Group Audit, Group
                        People and Remuneration, and
                        Group Nominations committees.

                        44 | Directors
                        Financial
                        report
                        for the year ended 30 June 2023




For personal use only
                        Contents
                        Operating and financial review46

                        Directors’ report67

                        Remuneration report                            71

                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration89

                        Consolidated statement of
                        comprehensive income90

                        Consolidated statement of financial position91

                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity92

                        Consolidated statement of cash flows94

                        Notes to the financial statements95

                        Directors’ declaration147

                        Independent Auditor’s Report148

                        Shareholder information155


                                                       Financial report | 45
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review

                        About Insignia Financial Ltd                                     and its client-led thinking, principles and ways of working
                                                                                         whereby Insignia Financial places clients at the centre
                        Insignia Financial Ltd is listed on the Australian Securities    of everything it does.
                        Exchange (ASX: IFL). The Insignia Financial Ltd consolidated
                        group includes the Company and its controlled entities (the      As a client-led organisation, Insignia Financial believes
                        Group or Insignia Financial).                                    that success only emanates from caring about people,
                                                                                         providing outstanding service and delivering consistent
                        The Insignia Financial Group has been helping Australians        performance and further, that by exceeding the needs of its
                        secure their financial future since 1846. During that time,      clients, Insignia Financial can build an enduring and trusted
                        Insignia Financial has grown substantially to become one         institution that is capable of creating wealth for shareholders
                        of the largest groups in the financial services industry.        on an ongoing basis. Accordingly, Insignia Financial views
                                                                                         client value creation and shareholder wealth creation as
                        Purpose                                                          joint and mutually reinforcing objectives. By acting in clients’
                        Insignia Financial’s purpose is to:                              best interests and improving outcomes for clients, Insignia
                        • understand me;                                                 Financial can reward shareholders for their investment.




For personal use only
                        • look after me; and                                             Insignia Financial’s commitment to improve client outcomes
                        • secure my future.                                              is underpinned by:
                                                                                         • an ability to leverage its scale and manage ongoing
                        Insignia Financial’s ambition is to create financial wellbeing
                                                                                            operational efficiency to allow for continued investment
                        for every Australian.
                                                                                            in target products and services;
                        Insignia Financial intends to achieve this through:              • ownership of multiple client offerings across the wealth
                        • delivering what matters to clients;                               value chain to efficiently and seamlessly deliver the needs
                        • continuing to promote a client-led culture; and                   of clients, from early accumulation through to drawdown
                                                                                            in retirement;
                        • building a better tomorrow for the community
                           and shareholders.                                             • providing advice, in the appropriate form and at the
                                                                                            appropriate juncture, to help Australians achieve their
                        Principal activities                                                financial wellbeing and retirement objectives;
                                                                                         • a contemporary, flexible and competitive suite of product
                        The principal activities of the Group are as follows.
                                                                                            offerings supported by choice to efficiently address
                        • Platforms: Offering a wide range of financial services            clients’ evolving needs over their lifetime;
                           solutions on superannuation and investments to clients
                                                                                         • a differentiated service focusing on ‘what matters’ to clients;
                           including investors, members, employers and advisers.
                                                                                         • consistent and sustainable investment performance;
                        • Advice: Providing quality financial advice that is
                                                                                         • creating a trusted partner status with its stakeholders
                           accessible, affordable and engaging for Australians;
                                                                                            through effective governance, compliance and risk
                           helping clients navigate their way through a range of
                                                                                            management frameworks and a commitment to
                           financial products and services and educating clients
                                                                                            integrating environmental, social and governance factors
                           to improve their financial literacy.
                                                                                            into strategic and investment decisions and operational
                        • Asset Management: Delivering strong and consistent                processes; and
                           returns to clients with access to world-leading investment
                                                                                         • an open architecture approach which actively promotes
                           managers across a broad range of highly rated single
                                                                                            and supports not only the Group’s products but also
                           and multi-manager capabilities and other attractive
                                                                                            those products offered by competitors. If the Group does
                           investment opportunities.
                                                                                            not have the best solutions, the Group partners with
                                                                                            other experts who do.
                        A client-led organisation
                                                                                         Clients’ financial needs and priorities form the basis of the
                        Insignia Financial has been helping Australians secure
                                                                                         strategic initiatives which Insignia Financial undertakes
                        their financial future for over 175 years. During that
                                                                                         to secure clients’ financial futures and achieve financial
                        time, the Group has grown substantially to become a
                                                                                         wellbeing for every Australian.
                        leading provider of quality financial advice, products and
                        services with $295.0 billion in funds under management           Insignia Financial’s pursuit of its ambition is underpinned
                        and administration (FUMA) as at 30 June 2023 and                 by a strong balance sheet and a commitment to deliver
                        around 2 million clients throughout Australia. Insignia          further growth and synergies in its operating segments.
                        Financial’s ambition is to create financial wellbeing for        Insignia Financial will continue to provide quarterly business
                        every Australian, which is founded upon its purpose              performance updates and reporting in relation to its
                        of ‘understand me, look after me, secure my future’              progress of executing its strategic initiatives.


                        46 | Financial report
                        FY23 strategy
                        Insignia Financial’s FY23 strategy, as set out in the strategy on a page below, was focused upon integration and simplification
                        activities. During FY23, Insignia Financial continued its strong track record of delivering on its strategic initiatives.




For personal use only
                                        our
                                   stakeholders
                                      & target
                                     outcomes
                                                                                              deliver what                                                         our metrics
                                                                                                matters      stronger together
                                                  our strategic                                                                                                  net promoter score
                                                   initiatives                     be human
                                                                                                                                                             net funds ﬂow    cost to serve
                                                                                                                                 keep it simple                  investment performance

                                                              our ClientFirst                                                                                 cultural alignment & engagement
                                                               foundation
                                                                                                                                                                   total shareholder return
                                                           ClientFirst thinking,               our purpose
                                                            principles & ways                                                             do what’s right,               reputation
                                                                of working                understand me | look after me                   not what’s easy
                                                                                                secure my future




                        Separation of the ex-ANZ Pensions and                                                 Separation of the MLC business
                        Investments business                                                                  Following the separation of the P&I business from ANZ in
                        In October 2022, Insignia Financial completed the                                     October 2022, Insignia Financial has applied the learnings
                        separation of the ex-ANZ Pensions and Investments (P&I)                               from the separation of the P&I business, and pivoted the
                        business from Australia and New Zealand Banking Group                                 people who contributed to its success, to the separation of
                        Limited (ANZ) and the exit from all transitional services                             the MLC Wealth (MLC) business from National Australia Bank
                        provided by ANZ, which was a multi-year program of work.                              Limited (NAB) which is expected to be completed in FY25.
                        The successful separation is a significant milestone in                               During FY23, Insignia Financial completed the transition
                        Insignia Financial’s integration and simplification program.                          of MLC employees within a number of divisions from the
                        It also represents a landmark achievement for the financial                           NAB environment to Insignia Financial’s environment and
                        services industry, being the first time an organisation has                           progressed the technology approach for separating from
                        completed the separation of a superannuation business                                 NAB the systems which support the MLC business, which
                        from a big four bank in Australia. Insignia Financial now has                         has been designed to:
                        full control and management of the systems which support                              • minimise execution risk whilst also continuing to provide
                        the P&I business, which enables Insignia Financial to unlock                              the best possible member experience; and
                        the benefits of scale for its clients and people, aligned to its
                                                                                                              • complement the Group’s platform simplification strategy
                        simplification priority.
                                                                                                                  and leverage a shared technology ecosystem.

                                                                                                              As at 30 June 2023, Insignia Financial has exited from
                                                                                                              approximately 50% of the service schedules underpinning
                                                                                                              the Transitional Services Agreement between Insignia
                                                                                                              Financial and NAB and is due to end during 2H25.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 47
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Platform simplification                                          In anticipation of the transition of the MLC Wrap products,
                        Platform, product and entity simplification (platform            Insignia Financial enhanced, during FY23, the Evolve
                        simplification) is one of Insignia Financial’s key strategic     platform and progressed alignment of its wrap offerings.
                        priorities to create improved and economically sustainable       Those enhancements include:
                        outcomes for clients and other stakeholders. Platform            • investment menu additions;
                        simplification is central to unlocking the benefits of scale     • further tax optimisation calculation methods and
                        for all stakeholders by:                                            increases in family fee aggregation limits;
                        • creating opportunities for growth by investing in and          • a mobile app for clients;
                           focusing on what matters to clients;
                                                                                         • an additional retail insurer to complement the existing
                        • reducing risk by reducing complexity; and                         three providers;
                        • reducing costs.                                                • reduced administration and brokerage fees and
                        Following an extensive assessment of Master Trust platform          adjustments to the cash account fee; and
                        solutions and consideration of several strategic approaches,     • a brand refresh.




For personal use only
                        Insignia Financial decided, during FY23, to combine various
                                                                                         The ongoing enhancement of the Evolve platform further
                        foundational aspects of technology between its Wrap
                                                                                         improves the Expand product offering, as demonstrated
                        and Master Trust platforms under a shared technology
                                                                                         by it being a finalist in Chant West’s Advised Product of
                        ecosystem with two registry platform pillars: its proprietary
                                                                                         the Year 2023. In June 2023, Insignia Financial completed
                        Wrap platform ‘Evolve’ and a Master Trust platform
                                                                                         the trade-up of certain P&I legacy products to OneAnswer
                        based around FIS Global Inc’s (FIS) Compass registry. The
                                                                                         Frontier and ANZ Smart Choice Super, leading to around
                        commonality across the operating environment will provide
                                                                                         39,000 members having the benefits associated with more
                        opportunities to remove duplication, reduce costs and
                                                                                         contemporary products and reduced fees.
                        minimise the cost and risk of change.
                                                                                         Following the separation of the P&I business from ANZ
                        In selecting FIS as the provider of the go-forward
                                                                                         in October 2022, Insignia Financial utilised its full control
                        Master Trust registry platform for its superannuation
                                                                                         of that business to introduce, during the second half
                        and pension products, Insignia Financial considered the
                                                                                         of FY23, new digital features for the ANZ Smart Choice
                        following attributes:
                                                                                         Super product suite, thereby enriching the member
                        • FIS, a Fortune 500® company, is a leading provider of          experience. As a component of an all-encompassing
                           technology solutions to financial services firms globally;    approach to streamline the end-to-end correspondence
                        • Compass is a robust, well-supported and scalable               process, all member communications, including significant
                           application platform, which currently supports over           event notices, are now sent electronically by default.
                           70 million members worldwide; and                             This significant reduction in paper usage also highlights
                        • MLC has maintained a relationship with FIS for more than       Insignia Financial’s dedication to being an environmentally
                           24 years and Compass currently supports existing MLC          responsible organisation.
                           Master Trust capabilities and MasterKey products.             Sale of AET
                        It is expected that the foundational aspects of the new          In November 2022, the Group completed the sale of
                        environment will be in place by mid-2025, prior to the expiry    Australian Executor Trustees Limited and AET PAF Pty Ltd
                        of the Transitional Services Agreement with NAB.                 (collectively AET) to EQT Holdings Limited. The proceeds of
                                                                                         $135m from the sale have been used to reduce debt. As part
                        Following the completion of Evolve21 in December 2021
                                                                                         of the sale, the Group and EQT Holdings Limited entered
                        whereby all the Group’s heritage proprietary platforms
                                                                                         into a Strategic Alliance Agreement and a Transitional
                        were migrated onto the Evolve platform, the next phase
                                                                                         Services Agreement under which the Group will continue
                        of platform simplification is focused on the transition of MLC
                                                                                         to provide a number of services to AET.
                        Wrap products and services to the Expand suite of products
                        on the Evolve platform. This is part of the Group’s plans
                        to converge certain activities relating to the separation
                        of MLC business with certain platform simplification
                        activities. The Wrap transition is expected to be completed
                        by 30 June 2024 and will reduce the number of platforms
                        supporting the MLC business from three to two,
                        including Compass.




                        48 | Financial report
                         FY24 strategy
                         FY24 marks the final year of the 3-year MLC separation                                 • improving our clients’ financial wellbeing;
                         and integration program and during this period, Insignia                               • deepening our partnerships with advisers
                         Financial continued its strong track-record of delivering                                   and employers;
                         on its strategic initiatives, including accelerated delivery
                                                                                                                • simplifying our business; and
                         of synergy benefits, ahead of the original 3-year plan.
                                                                                                                • building a safe and trusted business together.
                         These achievements now provide the opportunity for
                         a strategic refresh, allowing Insignia Financial to prioritise                         Underpinning Insignia Financial’s intent is a unique set
                         and focus with greater clarity on unlocking the full                                   of diversified business capabilities allowing it to create
                         opportunities of the MLC acquisition through finalising                                specific combinations of Advice, Platforms and Asset
                         separation and integration whilst focusing investment on                               Management offerings to deliver more affordable and
                         its key areas of competitive advantage, in the environment                             accessible financial outcomes for clients across a spectrum
                         of a growing superannuation pool and the largest                                       of needs. The refreshed strategic pillars will create focus,




For personal use only
                         intergenerational transfer of wealth in history.                                       clarity and prioritisation for the Group and enable Insignia
                                                                                                                Financial to harness its unique competitive advantages
                         To capitalise on these opportunities and structural tailwinds,                         to create financial wellbeing for every Australian.
                         Insignia Financial refreshed its strategy to focus on the

                        Strategy on a page (FY26)
                         following four strategic pillars from FY24:



                         Our purpose: understand me, look after me, secure my future                            Our ambition: creating ﬁnancial wellbeing for every Australian


                                                  Improving our                       Deepening our                     Simplifying our                          Building a safe &
                                                   clients’ ﬁnancial                  partnerships with                     business                              trusted business
                                                        wellbeing                    advisers & employers                                                              together
                         Our strategies            ● Connect clients to relevant       ● Top 3 Wrap, serving range           ● Separate from NAB safely            ● Eﬀective board &
                         to deliver sustainable       ﬁnancial advice & support           of adviser needs                    ● Simpliﬁed products,                   business governance
                         performance & outcomes       ● Leverage technology to            ● Strengthen #1 position in             platforms & investments              ● Strong risk culture
                                                          engage at scale                    Employer Super                       ● Digitised way of working            ● Proactive compliance
                                                         ● Competitive net returns           ● Portfolio construction                                                      by design
                                                                                                 expertise




                                                   Member NPS                          Adviser & Employer NPS                Cost to income                         Reputation
                         Our measures
                         of success


                                                    Net funds ﬂows                                          People engagement                             Total shareholder return




                         Insignia Financial way

                                                          be human            deliver what matters       stronger together             keep it simple             do what’s right,
                                                                                                                                                                  not what’s easy

                                                                 ● Leading with purpose           ● United ways of working            ● Employee value proposition




                         Advice services partnership model                                                      The changes to its Advice Services business will provide
                         Central to Insignia Financial’s strategic opportunity                                  it with a clearer, more innovative and sustainable value
                         is creating value through delivering improved financial                                proposition through a new partnership ownership model
                         outcomes for every Australian, through more affordable and                             for its self-employed licensees comprising RI Advice
                         accessible advice. To achieve this, on 27 July 2023, Insignia                          Group Pty Ltd (RI), Consultum Financial Advisers Pty Ltd
                         Financial announced its intention to reset its financial advice                        (Consultum) and TenFifty.
                         operating model to competitively leverage opportunities
                         for sustainable growth.




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 49
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Whilst the new brand name and identity has yet to be               Platform simplification
                        established, this new business is being developed under the        Platform simplification continues to be one of Insignia
                        working name of Advice Services Co (ASC). ASC represents           Financial’s key strategic priorities. As described above:
                        the ambition to create Australia’s largest adviser-owned
                        licensee group, positioning it to capitalise on the dynamic        • the next major phase of platform simplification is focused
                        self-employed advice market with the support of Insignia              on the transition of MLC Wrap products and services
                        Financial. ASC will operate with independent management,              to the Expand suite of products on the Evolve platform.
                        oversight and governance, with input from both Insignia               This Wrap transition is expected to be completed by
                        Financial as well as key advice practice representatives.             30 June 2024 and will reduce the number of platforms
                                                                                              supporting the MLC business from three to two, including
                        Initially, Insignia Financial will hold a majority stake in ASC,      Compass; and
                        to reduce over time as advisers are invited to receive equity
                                                                                           • it is expected that the foundational aspects of the
                        in ASC. Insignia Financial’s continued shareholding will
                                                                                              new shared technology ecosystem for the two registry
                        ensure alignment and commitment to the self-employed
                                                                                              platform pillars, being the proprietary Wrap platform
                        advice model through an ongoing partnership. ASC will have




For personal use only
                                                                                              ‘Evolve’ and Compass as the Master Trust platform, will
                        a strong mandate to grow the number of advice practices
                                                                                              be in place by the end of FY25 prior to the expiry of the
                        and advisers operating under its licences.
                                                                                              Transitional Services Agreement with NAB.
                        Separate to the establishment of ASC, ownership of
                                                                                           Divestment of IOOF Ltd
                        Godfrey Pembroke Group Pty Ltd (GPG) is expected to
                        be returned to Godfrey Pembroke advisers with Insignia             IOOF Ltd (IL), which is a friendly society under the Life
                        Financial retaining a minority stake. Insignia Financial is        Insurance Act 1995, provides a range of investment
                        also in discussions with interested parties regarding the          bonds including the WealthBuilder product suite and
                        potential sale of the Millennium3 (M3) licence. The closure        had approximately $1.1 billion of FUM as at 30 June 2023.
                        of the Lonsdale licence is almost complete, with a number          On 24 July 2023, Insignia Financial announced that it had
                        of advisers transitioning to Consultum or moving to self-          executed a share sale agreement with Australian Unity
                        licensing through Insignia Financial’s Alliances offer.            Limited (AUL) to sell its friendly society investment bond
                                                                                           business through the divestment of IL. The investment
                        Insignia Financial has previously committed to a profit
                                                                                           bond business is considered adjacent to Insignia Financial’s
                        (UNPAT) target of $10m for its Advice segment on a run-rate
                                                                                           core strategic priorities and the sale will provide improved
                        basis by the end of FY24, a target that is expected to be met
                                                                                           business focus and clarity, whilst IL’s policy holders will
                        following the implementation of the new Advice Services
                                                                                           benefit from joining the AUL Group which is committed to
                        model. Advisers operating under the Advice Services
                                                                                           growing and investing in the investment bond sector over
                        licensees (ASC, GPG and M3) contribute approximately
                                                                                           the long term. The key terms of the transaction include
                        $24 billion to Insignia Financial’s FUA, of which ASC
                                                                                           the following:
                        represents approximately $21 billion.
                                                                                           • Completion of the transaction is subject to relevant
                        Separation of the MLC business                                        regulatory approvals;
                        Insignia Financial expects to complete the separation of the       • Insignia Financial will provide a number of services to
                        MLC business from NAB in FY25. Until that time, NAB will              IL under a Transitional Services Agreement for an initial
                        continue to support the MLC business through a Transitional           period of 12 months. Insignia Financial and AUL will
                        Services Agreement.                                                   also enter a Strategic Alliance Agreement to support
                                                                                              the mutual aim of providing financial wellbeing to all
                                                                                              Australians; and
                                                                                           • Insignia Financial will receive total consideration of up
                                                                                              to $40m comprising $36m in cash upon completion, plus
                                                                                              an additional contingent amount of up to $4m payable
                                                                                              12 months after completion, subject to the transition
                                                                                              of clients and FUM to AUL.

                                                                                           Insignia Financial expects the sale to complete in 1H24 and
                                                                                           will use the sale proceeds to reduce net debt.




                        50 | Financial report
                        Synergy program                                                   To help guide its responsible investment practice, the
                        As part of its acquisition of MLC, Insignia Financial             Group has become a member of the Investor Group on
                        committed to achieving $150m of synergies in the three            Climate Change (IGCC) and a member of the Responsible
                        years following completion in May 2021. Work has continued        Investment Association of Australia (RIAA) through the Asset
                        to identify additional synergy opportunities and a total          Management business.
                        of $175–190m of annualised benefits has been identified           The Group’s boutique funds management business,
                        to be realised over FY24–FY26.                                    Antares, became a signatory to the Principles of Responsible
                        The synergy program will utilise Insignia Financial’s             Investment (PRI) in April 2023.
                        transformation capability and will take a single cost-
                                                                                          The Group is building stronger community connections
                        reduction approach across various initiatives, including:
                                                                                          through workplace giving, the IOOF Foundation and
                        • the MLC Wrap transition and the Professional Services           engaging with First Nations Australians. In June 2023, the
                           (Advice) break even, which have been disclosed                 new Insignia Financial ‘Innovate’ Reconciliation Action
                           previously; and                                                Plan (RAP) was approved by Reconciliation Australia. The




For personal use only
                        • the second phase of MLC acquisition synergies.                  Group also launched its new online giving portal, which
                                                                                          connects its people to the Group’s aligned charities, as well
                        A single financial target will be established and tracking
                                                                                          as facilitating employee charitable giving, volunteering and
                        of progress will be provided at an aggregate level. The total
                                                                                          fundraising efforts.
                        investment to deliver these initiatives will be approximately
                        $260–285m over two years. Insignia Financial is targeting         The Group’s annual ESG report, set to be published in
                        a cost-to-income ratio in the mid-60% range within three          October 2023, will provide detailed information on ESG
                        years, with additional opportunities for improvement              material matters and how the Group is progressing towards
                        beyond the next three years through further simplification.       the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The
                                                                                          Group will also be updating its climate risk report using the
                        Environmental, social and governance                              Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
                                                                                          reporting framework.
                        At Insignia Financial, we understand that driving better
                        environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices not          The Group acknowledges and supports the Australian
                        only delivers better outcomes for the planet and community,       Government efforts to improve sustainability disclosure,
                        but strengthens the sustainability of our business, enabling      including the proposed climate-related financial disclosure
                        us to continue to deliver on our ambition to create financial     requirements. The Group understands through consultation
                        wellbeing for all Australians.                                    that these new disclosure requirements align with the global
                                                                                          TCFD framework, which will now be monitored by the IFRS
                        The Group continued to build its ESG capability throughout
                                                                                          Foundation under the new International Sustainability
                        the year. In September 2022, the Group was recognised as
                                                                                          Standard Board’s standards being applied globally.
                        a certified Climate Active organisation, reflecting its ongoing
                        commitment in improving its environmental impact and
                        endorsing its carbon-neutral status.

                        The Group has finalised its scope 1, 2 & 3 financial year 2022
                        greenhouse gas emissions calculations, which will be used
                        as a baseline for future emissions reductions commitments.




                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 51
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Financial highlights (including discontinued operations)
                        Closing funds under management and administration                             Net profit after tax (NPAT)
                        Improved net flows, combined with market performance and                      Driven by AET sale and lower costs, partially offset by lower
                        relationship resets                                                           revenue and higher transformation costs
                         $318,705m
                                              $297,512m              $294,974m
                                                                                                                                           $51.2m
                         $97,691m                                                                                         $36.8m
                                                $92,346m              $85,941m




                         $221,014m            $205,166m              $209,033m                          ($142.6m)




For personal use only
                          June 2021             June 2022             June 2023                           2021             2022             2023
                           FUA          FUM



                        Number of advisers                                                            Underlying net profit after tax (UNPAT)2
                        Adviser number decline moderating as part of the journey                      Market-driven revenue decline partially offset by expense
                        to Advice sustainability                                                      savings from delivery of synergies
                            1,948

                                                   1,600
                                                                           1,413
                            1,047
                                                   798
                                                                           686
                                                                                                                         $234.5m
                                                                                                                                          $194.9m
                             605                                                                        $147.8m
                                                   546                     485

                             296                   256                     242

                         June 2021              June 2022             June 2023                           2021             2022             2023
                           Professional services           Self-licensed           Advice services



                        Net flows from continuing operations1                                         Dividends (cents per share)
                        Continued momentum in flows delivering positive net                           Dividend underpinned by earnings growth
                        flows in 2023

                            FUA         FUM                                $667m

                                                                       $1,243m

                          ($870m)                ($585m)               ($576m)

                                                 ($655m)                                                                  23.6 c
                                                                                                          23.0 c
                                                ($1,240m)                                                                                  19.8 c
                         ($2,308m)                                                                                        19.5 c

                         ($3,178m)
                            2021                   2022                    2023                           2021             2022             2023


                        (1) JANA net flows excluded from all periods. 2021 net flows exclude early release of super.
                        (2) Includes discontinued operations.


                        52 | Financial report
                        Financial performance                                           Advice
                                                                                        At 30 June 2023, there were 1,413 advisers in the Insignia
                        Net profit after tax
                                                                                        Financial network (30 June 2022: 1,600). The number of
                        NPAT for the year ended 30 June 2023 was $51.2m
                                                                                        advisers decreased by 187 primarily due to:
                        (30 June 2022: $36.8m). The increase is driven by the
                                                                                        • regulatory change (FASEA exam deadline) and the closure
                        gain on sale of AET of $43.2m. This has been partially
                                                                                           of the Lonsdale licensee in the advice services channel;
                        offset by lower revenue and higher transformation and
                        integration expenses.                                           • the departure of two member practices following reviews
                                                                                           of their adviser base in the self-licensed channel; and
                        Underlying net profit after tax
                                                                                        • the reshaping of the Bridges business following
                        UNPAT is a non-IFRS metric that is used by management              consolidation with MLC Advice in the professional
                        to monitor the performance of the Group. In calculating            services channel.
                        UNPAT, the Group reverses the impact on profit of certain,
                        predominantly non-recurring items, to enable a better           Reconciliation of UNPAT to NPAT
                        understanding of its underlying operational result. It is the   The following table, which has not been audited by the




For personal use only
                        UNPAT result which will be analysed in detail in this section   external auditor, provides a reconciliation between the
                        of the Directors’ report. This includes both continuing and     UNPAT and NPAT of the continuing operations of the Group,
                        discontinued operations.                                        excluding the results of the statutory funds.

                        UNPAT for the year ended 30 June 2023 was $194.9m               Shareholders can review the more detailed results
                        (30 June 2022: $234.5m), a decrease of $39.6m driven            presentation by visiting the Company website at
                        by lower market performance and partially offset                www.insigniafinancial.com.au.
                        by the realisation of benefits and synergies from
                        strategic initiatives.                                                                                          2023       2022
                                                                                                                                          $m         $m
                        Funds under management and administration
                                                                                         Profit for the year                             51.2      36.8
                         As at                            30 Jun 2023     30 Jun 2022    Less: profit from discontinued operations      (47.0)      (9.2)
                                                                  $m              $m
                                                                                         Profit from continuing operations                4.2      27.6
                         Funds under administration          209,033         205,166
                                                                                         UNPAT adjustments relating to continuing operations
                         (FUA)
                                                                                          Transformation and integration costs         161.8      116.4
                         Funds under management                85,941         92,346
                         (FUM)                                                            Amortisation of intangible assets              80.2      84.6
                         FUMA                                294,974         297,512      Remediation costs                              19.1      67.1
                                                                                          Fair value changes                             (3.6)      (4.4)
                        The reduction in FUMA is driven by the $16.1b outflows
                                                                                          Legal settlement and penalties                    –        5.0
                        associated with AET and JANA and $2.9b of pension
                        payments, offset by $15.8b favourable market performance          Income tax attributable                       (71.2)    (72.3)
                        and $0.7b net flows.                                             UNPAT adjustments relating to                 186.3      196.4
                                                                                         continuing operations
                                                                                         Non-controlling interests                        0.2          –
                                                                                         UNPAT from continuing operations              190.7      224.0
                                                                                         UNPAT from discontinued operations               4.2      10.5
                                                                                         UNPAT                                         194.9      234.5




                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 53
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Transformation and integration costs: Expenses                   Legal settlement and penalties: 2022 included
                        recognised from activities associated with platform              costs associated with settlement of legal matters and
                        simplification and separation of the MLC and ANZ                 associated penalties.
                        P&I businesses along with Evolve23 transition costs.
                                                                                         Fair value changes: Includes (gains)/losses from fair value
                        This includes external activities, project labour costs,
                                                                                         movements on financial instruments held at fair value
                        redundancy and termination costs, information technology
                                                                                         through profit and loss.
                        and other consultancy fees, and outsourced hosting
                        services directly related to these activities.                   Income tax attributable: Income tax applied against
                                                                                         certain items that are UNPAT adjusted.
                        Amortisation of intangible assets: Amortisation of
                        acquired intangible assets over their useful lives. This         Discontinued operations: Results of the AET business
                        excludes amortisation of internally developed software.          and the gain on sale recognised by the Group on
                                                                                         divestment of AET.
                        Remediation costs: Expenses recognised in the Group’s
                        structured remediation provisions, including client




For personal use only
                        compensation and associated costs. It includes any related
                        indemnities recovered.

                        Key financial results
                                                                                                   2023           2022             Movement
                                                                                                     $m             $m             $m               %

                         Net revenue                                                            1,379.7         1,484.1         (104.4)          (7.0%)
                         Operating expenses                                                     (1,035.7)      (1,095.6)          59.9           5.5%
                         Net financing costs                                                       (32.2)         (24.3)           (7.9)       (32.5%)
                         Net non-cash items                                                        (51.3)         (56.1)           4.8           8.6%
                         Income tax expense                                                        (70.0)         (84.1)          14.1          16.8%
                         Non-controlling interests                                                   0.2              –            0.2             n/a
                         UNPAT from continuing operations                                         190.7          224.0           (33.3)        (14.9%)
                         UNPAT adjustments relating to continuing operations                     (186.3)         (196.4)          10.1           5.1%
                         Non-controlling interests                                                  (0.2)             –            (0.2)           n/a
                         Profit from continuing operations                                           4.2           27.6          (23.4)        (84.8%)


                        Net revenue                                                      Operating expenses
                        The decrease in net revenue is primarily driven by the           The decrease in operating expenses is primarily due to the
                        reduction in management and service fee revenue due to           realisation of synergy benefits across the Group, reflected
                        lower average FUMA. This was partially offset by a related       in lower employee costs, information technology costs,
                        reduction in service fees and other direct costs.                professional fees, occupancy-related expenses, partially
                                                                                         offset by higher marketing and travel expenses.
                                Asset
                          Management                                    Corporate
                             $223.7m                                    ($1.4m)          Net financing costs
                                                                                         The increase in net financing costs is driven by the increase
                                                     Net revenue                         in market interest rates during the year.
                            Advice
                          $204.6m
                                                     (continuing)           Platforms
                                                      $1,379.7m             $952.8m      Net non-cash items
                                                                                         The decrease in net non-cash items is largely driven by
                                                                                         the reduction in impairment expenses and 2022 loss on
                                                                                         disposal of subsidiary, partially offset by higher developed
                              Platforms         Advice   Asset Management    Corporate   software amortisation expenses and share-based
                                                                                         payment expenses.




                        54 | Financial report
                        Shareholder returns
                        The Group’s dividend is determined based on financial performance and the Group seeks to optimise returns to shareholders
                        while continuing to invest in the transformation of the business and fund remediation. The Board has therefore determined that
                        a pay-out ratio range of 60% to 90% of UNPAT is generally appropriate, but not binding, in relation to ordinary dividends.

                        Total shareholder return (TSR) measures the change in share value over a specified period together with the return by way
                        of dividends received. The Group’s TSR in the five-year period from 1 July 2018 was (53.2%) in total and (14.1%) on a compounding
                        annualised basis. The TSR for the 12 months to 30 June 2023 was 12.2% with a share price increase of 4.8% plus a dividend yield
                        on the opening share price of 7.4%.

                                                                                                    2023              2022              2021              2020                 2019
                         Profit/(loss) attributable to the shareholders of Insignia                 51.4              36.8            (142.6)            141.2                 28.6
                         Financial Ltd ($m)
                         Profit/(loss) from continuing operations ($m)                                4.2             27.6            (152.8)             52.8             (30.0)




For personal use only
                         Basic EPS (cents per share)                                                  7.8               5.7            (24.2)             40.3                  8.1
                         Diluted EPS (cents per share)                                                7.8               5.7            (24.2)             40.2                  8.1
                         Basic EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                          0.7               4.3            (25.9)             15.1                 (8.5)
                         UNPAT ($m)                                                                194.9             234.5             147.8             128.8            198.0
                         UNPAT EPS (cents per share)                                                29.6              36.1              25.1              36.8                 56.5
                         UNPAT EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                        29.0              34.5              23.1              35.4                 56.3
                         Dividends declared ($m)(1)                                                130.7             153.8             149.3             121.2            131.7
                         Dividends per share (cents per share)(1)                                   19.8              23.6              23.0              34.5                 37.5
                         Opening share price                                                       $2.69             $4.27             $4.92             $5.17            $8.99
                         Closing share price at 30 June                                            $2.82             $2.69             $4.27             $4.92            $5.17
                         NPAT return on equity (statutory measure)(2)                             2.17%             1.50%            (5.74%)            8.28%             1.57%
                         UNPAT return on equity (non-statutory measure)(2)                        8.24%             9.52%             5.96%             7.59%           10.90%

                        (1) Dividends declared and dividends per share are those paid or declared from the relevant financial year’s profits.
                        (2) Return on equity is calculated by dividing profit or loss and UNPAT attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd by average equity
                            attributable to the shareholders during the year.




                                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 55
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Financial position
                                                                                                             30 Jun 2023     30 Jun 2022         Change
                                                                                                                      $m             $m                  %
                         Assets
                         Financial assets (including cash)                                                       1,056.6         2,443.1          (56.8%)
                         Assets classified as held for sale                                                      1,148.0            76.6           large
                         Other assets                                                                              150.8           179.8          (16.1%)
                         Property and equipment                                                                    146.0           208.1          (29.8%)
                         Intangible assets                                                                       2,503.4         2,606.7           (4.0%)
                         Total assets                                                                            5,004.8         5,514.3           (9.2%)
                         Liabilities
                         Financial liabilities                                                                     215.9         1,575.4          (86.3%)




For personal use only
                         Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                          1,105.4            10.2           large
                         Provisions                                                                                365.2           545.7          (33.1%)
                         Lease liabilities                                                                         161.8           189.4          (14.6%)
                         Borrowings                                                                                775.6           771.3           0.6%
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   51.1            21.4           large
                         Total liabilities                                                                       2,675.0         3,113.4         (14.1%)
                         Net assets                                                                              2,329.8         2,400.9           (3.0%)
                         Number of ordinary shares (million)                                                       662.6           653.9           1.3%
                         Net assets per ordinary share ($ per share)                                                3.52            3.67           (4.2%)


                        Financial assets (including cash) decreased $1,386.5m             Financial liabilities decreased by $1,359.5m driven
                        mostly due to the reclassification of statutory funds’            by the transfer of statutory funds’ financial liabilities to
                        financial assets to assets classified as held for sale. In        liabilities associated with assets classified as held for
                        addition, the $300m ex-ANZ Aligned Licensees (AL)                 sale, as well as the net settlement of $260.4m ex-ANZ AL
                        remediation receivables were net settled during the year.         remediation payables.

                        Other assets decreased by $29.0m driven by $29.4m                 Provisions decreased by $180.5m driven by remediation
                        decrease in equity accounted associates due to the sale           payments across all remediation programs to customers
                        of the Group’s investment in JANA Investment Advisers Pty         of $125.4m and program costs of $73.4m. These payments
                        Ltd, $9.4m decrease in current tax assets, partially offset       have been partially offset by the $7.5m increase in
                        by $8.6m increase in prepayments.                                 employee entitlement provision and $14.8m net increase
                                                                                          in remediation and other provisions.
                        Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale increased
                        by $1,071.4m and $1,095.2m respectively. At 30 June 2023,         Lease liabilities decreased by $27.6m primarily due to lease
                        this balance primarily represents assets and liabilities          payments made during the year.
                        relating to the divestment of IOOF Ltd (including statutory
                                                                                          Borrowings increased by $4.3m due to the recognition
                        funds). The 30 June 2022 balance relates to AET.
                                                                                          of $43.6m interest expense, partially offset by $5.9m
                        Property and equipment decreased by $62.1m which was              borrowing costs and $33.4m net principal repayments.
                        driven by $45.4m depreciation expenses, $25.0m early
                                                                                          Net deferred tax liabilities increased $29.7m due to
                        lease incentive payment, $0.9m impairment charge and
                                                                                          decreases in deferred tax assets in line with the decline
                        $1.6m transfer to assets classified as held for sale, offset by
                                                                                          in remediation provision balances.
                        the recognition of $5.4m net right-of-use assets and $5.4m
                        other property and equipment assets.

                        Intangible assets decreased by $103.3m driven by
                        $82.8m amortisation expenses, $24.7m reclassification
                        of goodwill to assets classified as held for sale, as well as
                        a $2.6m impairment of brand names and certain adviser
                        relationships and $1.1m disposal of adviser relationship.




                        56 | Financial report
                        Capital and liquidity management                                   • four-year $270m term loan. During the year, the Group
                                                                                              made $270.0m drawdown under this facility and as at
                        Capital and liquidity positions are assessed on a monthly             30 June 2023, this facility was fully utilised; and
                        basis to ensure licence requirements and lending covenants
                                                                                           • three-year $55m multi-option facility. At 30 June 2023,
                        are met at all times. As part of this process any capital or
                                                                                              $12.0m of this facility was available. Utilisation of this
                        liquidity surplus/needs are identified across the Group.
                                                                                              facility is in the form of rental bond guarantees included
                        Existing balance sheet capacity is expected to remain
                                                                                              in Note 21 Commitments and contingencies.
                        sufficient for the near future.
                                                                                           At 30 June 2023, the principal outstanding on the Group’s
                        Capital management
                                                                                           syndicated facility agreement is $587m (30 June 2022:
                        The Group’s capital management principles are to                   $590m). Undrawn debt facilities at 30 June 2023 is $313m
                        maximise returns to shareholders through enabling                  (30 June 2022: $275m). In addition, $43.0m of bank
                        the execution of the Group’s strategy whilst remaining             guarantees have been issued as part of the debt facilities
                        compliant with the Group’s risk appetite statement and             (30 June 2022: $31.5m). Bank guarantees are not shown
                        regulatory requirements.                                           on the statement of financial position.




For personal use only
                        As part of its capital management strategy, the Group              The Group is subject to certain financial covenants as part
                        continually assesses whether it is optimising its use of           of its debt agreement, including a maximum ratio of net
                        capital and may adjust the amount of dividends paid to             debt to EBITDA (leverage ratio) and a minimum interest
                        shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new            cover (interest cover ratio). The Group complied with all
                        shares or adjust debt levels. The Group monitors capital           these covenants throughout the year.
                        through the Group’s risk appetite framework, managing
                        it as investment, working or regulatory capital.                   Dividends
                        The Group has maintained its focus on balance sheet                The Group has a policy of paying dividends of 60–90%
                        strength by:                                                       of UNPAT on an annualised basis. In respect of the
                        • refinancing a new syndicated facility agreement,                 financial year ended 30 June 2023, the Directors declared
                           supported by a group of six new and existing                    the payment of a final dividend of 9.3 cents per share
                           lenders; and                                                    to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares to be paid
                        • continued expense management across the Group.                   on 3 October 2023. This dividend will be paid to all
                                                                                           shareholders recorded on the Register of Members on
                        Liquidity management                                               8 September 2023.
                        The Group actively manages liquidity risk by preparing cash
                                                                                           The Group has developed significant current and deferred
                        flow forecasts for future years and through periodic review
                                                                                           tax assets as a result of remediation and transformation
                        by senior management and the Board actively assessing
                                                                                           expenditure and as a result does not expect to pay income
                        options to ensure that internal liquidity requirements are
                                                                                           tax over the 2023/24 financial year. Consequently, the final
                        met at all times. During the year, cash decreased by $12.4m
                                                                                           dividend for 30 June 2023 is unfranked and any dividends
                        driven by payments for interest expense, remediation and
                                                                                           for FY24 are also expected to be unfranked.
                        transformation costs and dividends. These outflows were
                        largely offset by cash inflows from the sale of the AET and        Further details on dividends declared or paid during the
                        JANA businesses and earnings from the provision of services        year are set out in Note 6 Dividends in the financial report.
                        and income tax refunds.

                        Borrowings
                        During the year, the syndicated facilities agreement (SFA)
                        initially entered into in September 2018 was terminated and
                        the Group entered into a new $955m SFA with six new and
                        existing lenders. The new SFA comprises a:
                        • three-year $340m revolving credit facility. During the
                           year, the Group made $340.0m drawdown under this
                           facility and repaid $23.0m in principal. At 30 June 2023,
                           $23.0m of this facility was available;
                        • four-year $290m revolving credit facility. During the year,
                           the Group made $153.3m drawdown under this facility
                           and repaid in full. At 30 June 2023, $290.0m of this facility
                           was available;



                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 57
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Platforms
                                                      The Platforms segment offers a wide range              strong product and service offering. Further
                            Closing FUA               of superannuation and investment solutions             evidence of this saw the platforms business
                          (continuing operations)     to clients including investors, members,               win 12 new employer relationships within the
                                                      employers and advisers.                                Workplace channel, while retaining all major
                              $209,033m                                                                      existing clients.
                                                      Financial performance
                                (30 Jun 2022:
                                                                    Net revenue margin %                                         Net ﬂows $m
                                 $198,228m)                                                                  1,966                                 1,947
                                                                           0.63
                                                                    0.60                      0.59
                                                      0.54 0.54                                      0.54
                                                                                                                     739
                                 UNPAT                                            0.37 0.38
                          (continuing operations)
                                                                                                                                           (512)
                                $233.3m                                                                                    (885) (1,065)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           (1,145)

                                                                                                                                                               (2,206)
                              (2022: $273.5m)
                                                      Workplace      Personal     Advised       Closed/      Workplace      Personal        Advised         Closed/
                                                                                               Transition                                                  Transition
                                                          2023       2022*                                      2023         2022
                            Net revenue
                                                      *   The 2022 margins have been restated to reflect a
                          (continuing operations)         reclassification between Workplace and Personal.   Strategy and outlook
                                $952.8m               Net revenue has decreased predominantly as
                                                                                                             The next major phase of platform
                                                                                                             simplification, Evolve 23, will see the transition
                                                      a result of equity market performance late in
                            (2022: $1,017.0m)                                                                of MLC Wrap products from the Star platform
                                                      the second half of 2022 resulting in a reduction
                                                                                                             to the Evolve platform, which the Group
                                                      in average FUA across the 2023 year. The
                                                                                                             expects to complete in 2H24. This will see the
                                                      decline in net revenue margin % from 48bps
                                                                                                             number of platforms supporting the business
                                                      to 47bps is the outcome of strategic initiatives
                                                                                                             reduced by one.
                                                      and regulatory impacts including:
                                                                                                             Supporting the product simplification
                                                      • platform simplification driven by Evolve 21
                                     $952.8m                                                                 program refresh of branding of Advised Wrap
                                                          in December 2021 and Integra to Smart
                                                                                                             products in November 2022, Expand Extra
                                                          Choice Employer in June 2022;
                                                                                                             is marketed as the go-forward ‘Full menu’
                                                      • the relaunch of Expand in November 2022;
                                                                                                             option and Expand Essential as the go-
                              Operating               • Choice administration fee changes in MLC             forward ‘Core menu’ option.
                                                          Workplace and IOOF Employer Super; and
                              expenses                • impacts of regulatory measures such as
                                                                                                             Work also continues on the go-forward
                                                                                                             Master Trust strategy with the first phase
                          (continuing operations)         Your Future, Your Super performance tests
                                                                                                             being the uncoupling of the remaining two
                                                          and heatmaps.
                                $606.2m                                                                      MLC platforms, SuperB and Compass, from
                                                      Decreased operating expenses is largely                the NAB technology environment into the
                              (2022: $610.6m)         driven by synergies achieved across                    Insignia environment. The go-forward Master
                                                      the Group.                                             Trust registry platform provider will be FIS’s
                                   NPAT               Refer to Note 2 Operating segments
                                                                                                             Compass registry for superannuation and
                                                                                                             pension products.
                          (continuing operations)     for details.
                                                                                                              June 2023 also saw the trade-up of a
                                 $114.7m              FUA net flows
                                                                                                             number of underperforming, legacy ex-P&I
                                                      Net flows have remained broadly flat to prior          products into contemporary alternatives
                              (2022: $158.0m)
                                                      periods, with a deterioration in the Advised           (~$4.2b of FUA). All these migrations are key
                                                      channel offset by a strong performance in              to further unlocking the benefits of scale and
                                                      the Workplace channel. The Advised channel             reducing risk for all stakeholders, by reducing
                                                      performance is reflective of the broader               complexity and cost to serve.
                                                      economic and competitive environments.
                                                      The growing momentum in the Workplace
                                                      channel is a result of improved member
                                                      take-up and retention, reflective of the



                        58 | Financial report
                        Advice
                                                 The Advice segment provides quality financial           Number of advisers
                           Number of             advice that is accessible, affordable and
                                                                                                         The number of advisers decreased by 187 for
                                                 engaging for Australians. The business helps
                            advisers             clients navigate their way through a range of
                                                                                                         the year ended 30 June 23, primarily through
                                                                                                         the loss of smaller practices and the closure
                                   1,413         financial services and solutions and educates
                                                                                                         of Lonsdale.
                                                 clients to improve their financial wellbeing.
                                                                                                                                 Advice numbers
                         (30 June 2022: 1,600)                                                                                               798
                                                 Financial performance
                                                                                                                                    686
                                                                 Net revenue margin $m
                              UNPAT                      146.7                                                                                           485
                                                                                                                                                                   546
                                                 134.2
                           $33.9m loss                                                                      242      256

                          (2022: $55.3m loss)




For personal use only
                                                                 32.0 38.6                   35.5 34.5   Professional services      Advise services       Self-licensed

                          Net revenue                                        2.9     2.6                      2023           2022


                             $204.6m             Professional
                                                   services
                                                                  Advise
                                                                  services
                                                                             Self-licensed     Other
                                                                                                         Departures from the professional services
                                                    2023          2022
                           (2022: $222.4m)                                                               channel were primarily due to the
                                                                                                         reshaping of the Bridges business following
                                                 Net revenue has decreased by $17.8m due to
                                                                                                         consolidation with MLC Advice.
                                                 the following:
                                                                                                         Departures in the advice services channel
                                                 • reshaping of the service proposition of the
                                                                                                         were driven by regulatory change (FASEA
                         $204.6m                    Bridges business following consolidation
                                                                                                         exam deadline) and the closure of Lonsdale.
                                                    with MLC Advice, resulting in a short-term
                                                    revenue reduction as low fee-paying                  Departures in the self-licensed channel were
                                                    clients are moved off fixed-term services;           largely from two member practices (45)
                                                 • lower asset-based fee income in Shadforth             following reviews of their adviser base.
                                                    Financial Planning reflecting market
                           Operating                decline; and
                                                                                                         Strategy and outlook
                                                                                                         In late July 23, the Advice business announced
                          expenditure            • a decrease in advice services revenue from            a reset of its strategy to accelerate the return
                                                    a decline in adviser numbers and practice
                                                                                                         to profitability via a continued and clearer
                             $240.5m                turnover, typically from smaller practices
                                                                                                         focus on professional services and the
                                                    and the closure of the Lonsdale licensee.
                           (2022: $283.3m)                                                               creation of a new advice services partnership
                                                 Operating expenses reduced by $42.8m due                model for self-employed advisers.
                                                 to the realisation of synergy benefits from
                               NPAT              Advice strategic initiatives.
                                                                                                         Under the new partnership model,
                                                                                                         Consultum, TenFifty and RI Advice will join
                           $62.7m loss           Improvement in NPAT by $58.2m was                       together to form a new standalone business
                                                 primarily driven by realisation of synergy              (working name Advice Services Co), the
                         (2022: $120.9m loss)
                                                 benefits from Advice strategic initiatives and          Godfrey Pembroke licensee will transition to
                                                 lower non-recurring client compensation.                a standalone business operating under their
                                                                                                         own licence, and the process has commenced
                                                 Refer to Note 2 Operating segments
                                                                                                         to sell the Millennium3 business.
                                                 for details.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 59
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Asset Management
                                                      The Asset Management segment provides                                FUM net flows1
                            Closing FUM               investment management services to                                                              Net ﬂows $m
                                                      institutional, retail and direct clients
                               $85,941m               across a diverse range of asset classes
                                                                                                                                1,057                               1,120

                                                      and product constructs.                                                                  186
                                (30 Jun 2022:
                                 $92,346m)            Financial performance
                                                                           Net revenue margin %
                                 UNPAT                                             0.44     0.45                                                                                   (1,775)
                                                                                                                                        2023                                2022
                                 $72.9m                 0.32      0.31
                                                                                                                                Multi-asset          Direct capabilities

                               (2022: $73.6m)                                                         0.19
                                                                                                                0.21




For personal use only
                                                                                                                           Excluding JANA, net flows for 2023 were
                                                                                                                           $1.2b in net inflows compared to $0.7b in
                            Net revenue                                                                                    net outflows in 2022, largely driven by an
                                                        IOOF multi-asset           MLC multi-asset   Direct capabilities

                                $223.7m                    2022             2023
                                                                                                                           improvement in direct capabilities.

                                                                                                                           Direct capabilities delivered positive flows
                             (2022: $243.7m)          Net revenue declined by $20.0m compared                              of $0.2b for 2023, approximately $2.0b
                                                      to 2022 primarily as result of changes in                            higher than in 2022. The inflows are delivered
                                                      the commercial relationship with JANA, the                           through a combination of new client wins
                               $223.7m
                                                      divestment of Presima in June 2022 and lower                         and flows from existing institutional clients
                                                      private equity performance fees.                                     into Intermede, partially offset by outflows
                                                                                                                           in the Antares fixed income capability from
                                                      During 2023 Insignia Financial implemented
                                                                                                                           institutional clients rebalancing. The outflows
                                                      a number of changes to the commercial
                                                                                                                           were mainly confined to the first half of
                                                      relationship with JANA including the
                                                                                                                           2023 and recovered strongly in the second
                                                      divestment of our remaining 45% equity
                                                                                                                           half of 2023.
                                                      interest to management in January 2023
                              Operating               and the cessation of the implemented                                 Multi-asset retail offerings continued to see
                                                      consulting partnership with JANA along with                          strong uptake with net inflows of $1.1b driven
                              expenses                the transition of $8b in FUM to an alternative                       predominantly by strong advisor take up for
                                                      provider in December 2022.                                           MLC’s managed accounts offering.
                                 $120.9m
                                                      Excluding the impact of JANA, FUM has                                Strategy and outlook
                              (2022: $137.2m)         grown modestly through 2023 with the                                 Asset Management continues to be an integral
                                                      macroeconomic headwinds and inflationary                             contributor to the wider transformation and
                                   NPAT               environment that had impacted asset                                  simplification strategy whilst continuing to
                                                      valuations in calendar year 2022 stabilising                         execute on individual capabilities, with a
                                 $53.3m               in the first half of calendar year 2023.                             strong focus on broadening the distribution
                                                      Net revenue margin has remained consistent                           reach of the MLC managed accounts capability
                               (2022: $58.6m)
                                                      at 25bps which reflects the relatively stable                        and expanding MLC’s leading private equity
                                                      nature of the client base, the fixed bps nature                      capability to a broader client base.
                                                      of most fee structures and the minimal
                                                      change in product mix.

                                                      Although net revenue saw a significant
                                                      decline versus 2022, this was mostly offset
                                                      by a $16.3m reduction in operating expenses
                                                      driven by the divestment of Presima and
                                                      the realisation of a full year of synergy
                                                      benefits relating to 2022 and a further wave
                                                      of initiatives implemented in 2023. Refer
                                                      to Note 2 Operating segments for details.                            1   JANA net flows excluded.




                        60 | Financial report
                        Corporate
                                                The Corporate segment comprises group          Financial performance
                           Operating            functions required to support the Group and
                                                                                               Increase in operating expenses was
                                                operating segments. Activities performed by
                           expenses             the segment are of a strategic, shareholder
                                                                                               mainly driven by inflationary impacts
                                                                                               on centralised costs.
                                                or governance nature and reflect centralised
                              $68.1m            corporate expenses.                            The increase in loss after tax is due to
                           (2022: $64.5m)                                                      an increase in financing costs on the
                                                                                               Group’s debt facilities and an increase in
                                                                                               transformation and integration costs. 2022
                              UNPAT                                                            included a more favourable movement in fair
                                                                                               value changes on financial instruments.
                           $81.6m loss
                                                                                               Refer to Note 2 Operating segments for details.




For personal use only
                          (2022: $67.8m loss)


                               NPAT
                           $101.1m loss
                          (2022: $68.1m loss)




                                                                                                                           Financial report | 61
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Risk management                                                 In November 2022, APRA imposed additional licence
                                                                                        conditions on the Registrable Superannuation Entity
                        The Board is responsible for establishing and overseeing        Licensees (RSELs). These conditions included:
                        the Group’s Risk Management Framework (RMF) and has
                                                                                        • enhancement of the RSELs’ governance in relation to
                        delegated authority for the oversight and monitoring of the
                                                                                           member outcomes, oversight of service providers, risk,
                        RMF to the Group Risk and Compliance Committee and the
                                                                                           compliance and managing conflicts of interest;
                        Chief Executive Officer (or their delegate). The RMF enables
                        the Group to develop and implement strategies, policies,        • appointment of an independent expert to examine the
                        procedures and controls to appropriately manage different          operational effectiveness of the RSELs’ governance,
                        risks which evolve with the business operating environment,        accountability and risk management frameworks and
                        regulatory and society’s expectations. The key pillars of the      practices; and
                        RMF include:                                                    • rectification of areas of concern with input from the
                        • the Group Risk Management Strategy (RMS) which                   independent expert.
                           articulates the Group’s approach to the implementation       Additionally, APRA required:




For personal use only
                           of its strategic objectives and the key elements of the
                                                                                        • I.O.O.F Investment Management Limited to comply with
                           RMF that give effect to the strategy. It also includes a
                                                                                           its legal obligation in relation to the transfer of member
                           description of each material risk, including key roles and
                                                                                           benefits; and
                           responsibilities for managing the risk, and outlines the
                           risk governance structure;                                   • OnePath Custodians Pty Limited to appoint an
                                                                                           independent expert to provide root cause analysis and
                        • the Group Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), which sets
                                                                                           assurance in relation to the breach of APRA’s direction.
                           out the Board’s expectations regarding the degree of
                           risk that the Group is prepared to accept in pursuit of      The Group is committed to supporting and working with
                           strategic and business objectives, giving consideration      the RSELs to satisfactorily address all the licence conditions
                           to the interests of clients and shareholders;                and to rectify any and all areas of concern identified by the
                        • the Group Risk Management Policy (RMP) which sets             independent expert.
                           out the methodology to identify, assess, manage,
                           analyse, monitor and report on those risks that could
                           impact the achievement of strategic objectives, impact
                           core processes and/or result in non-compliance with
                           obligations;
                        • a three lines of defence model to govern risk
                           management and compliance activities across the Group.
                           The three lines of defence model is the foundation for
                           effective risk management. The overarching principle is
                           that risk management capability must be embedded into
                           the business to be effective; and
                        • the Risk Culture principles, which are essential for
                           effective risk management outcomes that support the
                           Group’s financial and operational resilience.




                        62 | Financial report
                        The Group manages a number of risks in conducting its operations and implementing its strategy. Material risks faced by the
                        Group include, but may not be limited to those shown in the following table.

                         Material risk       Context                                            Key actions to manage the risk

                          Strategic change    We aim to achieve financial wellbeing              The Group adopts a business planning process for setting
                          agenda              for every Australian. Through strategic            strategic and business initiatives investing in client service,
                                              transformation, we are simplifying our             product design, stakeholder relationships, market research,
                                              business operations and services to better         participation in consultation processes and other continuous
                                              meet the needs and outcomes of our clients.        improvement initiatives.
                                              We actively manage existing and emerging           The Group adopts an enterprise delivery framework that sets
                                              risks arising from these changes, as well as in    consistent standards and expectations on how we manage
                                              our regulatory and competitive landscape.          risks in the delivery of key strategic initiatives.
                                                                                                 Dependency forums manage the pipeline of change
                                                                                                 introduced and manage the volume of change across the
                                                                                                 Group. There is a prioritisation framework and criteria in
                                                                                                 place to be able to prioritise initiatives.




For personal use only
                          Environment,        We continue to strengthen our commitment           The Group manages a range of ESG risks. This includes
                          social and          to environmental, social and governance            not conducting business or maintaining relationships with
                          governance (ESG)    (ESG) principles, and are now a certified          members or suppliers known to be involved in modern
                                              Climate Active organisation by achieving           slavery, money laundering, terrorism financing, or human
                                              carbon neutrality for operational emissions        rights violators, as well as those operating in industries with
                                              nationally.                                        unacceptable ESG risks.
                                              The Group’s financial performance and              Climate-related risks across four key business pillars
                                              reputation can be adversely impacted by            (corporate operations, superannuation, asset management
                                              not adequately identifying, assessing and          and advice) are thoroughly assessed through climate risk
                                              managing ESG factors.                              reporting using the Taskforce for Climate Financial Disclosure
                                                                                                 (TCFD) framework to improve our processes, frameworks
                                                                                                 and disclosures in managing climate change risks and
                                                                                                 opportunities.
                                                                                                 Responsible investment protocols and processes are in place
                                                                                                 for identifying and managing material ESG impacts, risks and
                                                                                                 opportunities across investment schemes and products.

                          Governance          We have made progress in our governance            RSELs have engaged an independent expert to review the
                                              uplift to assist our Board and management          operational effectiveness of the following areas:
                                              to make reasonable and impartial business          • Registrable Superannuation Entity Frameworks and
                                              decisions in the interests of the Group              Practices
                                              and the best financial interests of clients in
                                                                                                 • Insignia Financial Group relationship
                                              accordance with but not limited to the below
                                              to achieve the highest of standards:
                                                                                                 • Transformation Project and Enterprise Risk and Compliance
                                                                                                   (ERC) uplift
                                              • ASX Corporate Governance Principles and          • Outsourcing
                                                Recommendations;
                                                                                                 • Conflicts management
                                              • Registrable Superannuation Entities’
                                                obligations;
                                                                                                 • Member Office.
                                              • Responsible Entities’ obligations; and           The Group has in place the Conflicts Management Framework
                                                                                                 to identify, assess, mitigate, manage and monitor conflicts.
                                              • Discharging of fiduciary duties in good
                                                faith and in the best interests of clients.      The Member Office (MO) and Office of the Responsible Entity
                                                                                                 (ORE) act independently to the ERC function to set expected
                                                                                                 standards of governance and to oversee adherence to those
                                                                                                 standards by the Group in respect to advocating for member
                                                                                                 outcomes, members’ best financial interests and investors’
                                                                                                 best interests.
                                                                                                 Remuneration framework and consequence management
                                                                                                 frameworks are in place that ensure legal and regulatory
                                                                                                 compliance, and to promote fair remuneration and reward
                                                                                                 behaviours.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 63
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                         Material risk          Context                                         Key actions to manage the risk

                          Financial stability   We continue to maintain our financial            The Group has a syndicated facility agreement providing
                                                strength and performance to meet financial       diversity of funding and flexibility to manage working capital
                                                obligations and needs required by regulators     needs across the Group.
                                                and stakeholders to support the Group’s          The liquidity and capital requirements of the Group and
                                                consolidated operations. Effective capital       its licensed entities are regularly reviewed and carefully
                                                and debt management is imperative to meet        monitored in accordance with risk appetite, banking
                                                the Group’s ongoing funding requirements         covenants, licence requirements and regulatory capital
                                                and to maintain volatility in economic           requirements.
                                                conditions.
                                                                                                 Market risk is managed by holding diversified short and
                                                The capital requirements of the Group            long-term investment mixes and loans in accordance with
                                                may be affected by earnings, asset growth,       the Group Capital Management policy. Where appropriate
                                                regulatory changes and strategic decisions       derivatives are used to manage the exposures.
                                                – including acquisitions, divestments and
                                                                                                 Liquidity risk is managed by maintaining sufficient liquid
                                                changes in capital-intensive businesses.
                                                                                                 assets and an ability to access a committed line of credit.




For personal use only
                          Investment            As a leading provider of asset management,       Investment Committees discharge investment management
                          governance            advisory and fiduciary investment                and oversight responsibilities on investment matters.
                                                administrative services in Australia, our        Investment risk is managed in accordance with the strategies
                                                ability to effectively manage and advise on      described in the product disclosure statement (PDS) and
                                                the investment risks impacts the level of        through the implementation of the approved Investment
                                                funds under management or administration         Governance Framework and Policy.
                                                and in turn our revenue.
                                                                                                 A Unit Pricing Forum and a Valuation Forum are in place
                                                If the investment governance framework           to promote and enhance good unit pricing and investment
                                                is not effective to navigate the changing        valuation practices.
                                                investment market, there is a risk that
                                                                                                 The Liquidity Management Policy outlines:
                                                investment decisions are not in line with
                                                investment strategies and objectives,            • liquidity management governance;
                                                best interest of clients and regulatory          • ongoing liquidity measurement and management;
                                                requirements.                                    • liquidity stress scenarios;
                                                                                                 • liquidity events; and
                                                                                                 • crisis management planning.
                          Client outcomes       We are committed to delivering sustainable       Mandatory training on Our Code of Conduct completed by
                                                and optimal client outcomes. We continue         employees annually which sets the expected standards of
                                                to mitigate against instances where our          behaviour for everyone at Insignia Financial.
                                                frameworks, product design or practices          The Member Office has implemented a member outcomes
                                                may fail to prevent inappropriate, unethical     framework which influences and prioritises management
                                                or unlawful behaviour by an IFL entity or our    decisions impacting member outcomes.
                                                employees.
                                                                                                 Advice risk is managed by having high professional,
                                                Areas of increased risk and focus include:       educational, compliance, assurance and training
                                                • fiduciary role of the superannuation           standards in place for the Group’s advisers and authorised
                                                  business and implications of not meeting       representatives. The Group also undertakes a rolling program
                                                  APRA performance tests or portability          of compliance reviews of advisers.
                                                  requirements;
                                                                                                 The strategic change agenda is focussed on simplifying the
                                                • provision of quality, appropriate and          business, reducing complexity and improving sustainable
                                                  adequate financial advice in the best          outcomes for clients and shareholders.
                                                  interests of clients; and
                                                                                                 The complaints framework includes a Customer Care team
                                                • meeting disclosed client expectations          to handle client complaints in a timely, consistent, fair and
                                                  in the context of the complexity of the
                                                                                                 reasonable manner and deliver the required outcome for the
                                                  business model and volume of product
                                                                                                 impacted client through an effective remediation approach.
                                                  offerings in a changing operating
                                                  environment.




                        64 | Financial report
                        Material risk       Context                                          Key actions to manage the risk

                         People and         We continue to foster our unique culture          The Group offers competitive employment conditions and
                         culture            and invest into the things that help us           benefits and promotes fair remuneration. This risk is also
                                            achieve our ambition to build financial           managed by:
                                            wellbeing for every Australian. We attract        • having established recruitment processes in place to
                                            and retain the level of talent and skills           ensure employees meet competency requirements;
                                            required to effectively support business          • monitoring employee performance;
                                            operations. We are committed to fostering
                                                                                              • monitoring employee turnover; and
                                            a culture of diversity and inclusion and
                                            creating a sense of belonging for all
                                                                                              • providing employees with wellbeing education and
                                                                                                support.
                                            employees.
                                                                                              The performance management process is designed to
                                            With Australia’s present labour market
                                                                                              reinforce behaviours that are aligned to our principles and
                                            conditions, the skills gap in the domestic
                                                                                              desired risk culture and conduct. This is achieved by aligning
                                            market remains a challenge. This creates
                                                                                              remuneration with performance outcomes (including risk and
                                            the risk of inadequate human resources or
                                                                                              conduct gate measures).
                                            competency to conduct business, including




For personal use only
                                            failure to retain talent, employee fatigue,       Establishing a Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Committee
                                            poor organisational design and excessive          which is made up of people who are passionate about making
                                            reliance on key persons.                          a difference to the diversity and inclusion landscape and
                                                                                              assessing our employees’ voice through Our Voice surveys
                                                                                              to recognise and celebrate the value of difference.

                         Cyber resilience   We are committed to protect our clients           An IT security control program is in place, which includes
                                            and our clients’ data against cybersecurity       software patching, antivirus software and firewalls, and
                                            threats. We make sure the technology              penetration testing to manage the threat of cybercrime,
                                            supporting information security and               including monitoring and management of attacks and
                                            cybersecurity is modern and fit-for-purpose,      vulnerabilities.
                                            to protect information held by the Group          There is regular monitoring and reporting on information
                                            from internal or external compromise              security controls to protect information assets, including
                                            on systems causing business disruption,           those managed by related parties and third parties.
                                            data and potential privacy breaches, client
                                                                                              Information management standards outline the
                                            dissatisfaction, regulatory breaches/fines
                                                                                              requirements on how information is created, managed,
                                            and/or financial loss.
                                                                                              shared, used and disposed in a timely manner.
                                                                                              Annual business continuity testing is undertaken, including
                                                                                              disaster recovery testing of critical business applications and
                                                                                              call tree testing.

                         Legal and          The Group is required to comply with large        The Compliance Obligations Framework includes a consistent
                         compliance         volumes of complex legal and regulatory           set of principles and processes including assessment
                                            obligations applicable to its business            of applicability to business activities and assignment of
                                            activities. The increasing volume and             accountable owners who periodically review the compliance
                                            complexity of regulatory change, at times         of business processes and activities.
                                            within relative short time frames, if not         The Group maintains policies and frameworks to address the
                                            adequately implemented in a timely manner         legislative requirements and the required systems, processes,
                                            could give rise to non-compliance with            resources and employee training to ensure compliance,
                                            regulations, financial penalties and adversely    monitoring and reporting of any incidents or breaches.
                                            impact the Group’s reputation.
                                                                                              A Regulatory Change Model is in place and managed by
                                                                                              the Regulatory Change team to monitor and oversee all
                                                                                              regulatory change activities.

                         Operational risk   We are one of Australia’s largest wealth          Our risk and compliance management policies and
                         environment        managers operating in a complex                   procedures support a risk-based approach by the business
                                            environment. This exposes the Group to            in the identification, assessment, treatment and monitoring
                                            operational risks relating to losses resulting    of identified risks, incidents and breaches in a timely manner.
                                            from inadequate or failed internal processes,     The Enterprise Risk and Compliance team supports the
                                            people and systems, or from external              business as well as undertaking assurance reviews (e.g.
                                            events. These include, but are not limited        control testing programs) in order to support the Board and
                                            to internal and external fraud, money             its committees in ensuring that we manage risk appropriately.
                                            laundering and terrorism financing, bribery
                                                                                              We have a dedicated Financial Crime team to develop,
                                            and corruption.
                                                                                              manage and undertake regular reviews of Insignia Financial’s
                                            The financial statements contain certain          anti-money laundering (AML) and counter-terrorism financing
                                            provisions and contingent liabilities for         (CTF) programs and financial crime risk and operational
                                            these risks in accordance with applicable         frameworks.
                                            accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 65
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Impact of macroeconomic conditions                               The Group’s financial instruments are valued using
                        In preparing the financial report, the Group has considered      directly observable inputs whenever possible as these
                        the ongoing impact of macroeconomic conditions in                are considered to be the most reliable and appropriate
                        its adoption of significant assumptions and market               evidence of fair value. Non-financial risks emerging from
                        inputs used in:                                                  rising interest rates, global inflation hikes, tightening
                                                                                         monetary policies, global geopolitical tension have been
                        • valuing the Group’s financial instruments; and
                                                                                         identified, assessed, managed and governed through timely
                        • preparing disclosures for the fair value of financial assets   application of the Company’s risk management policies.
                           and liabilities and financial risk management.
                                                                                         Management continues to monitor the impact of global
                        The Group’s management and services fee revenue is               economic uncertainty to the business environment
                        directly driven by the Group’s FUMA balance at any given         including ongoing assessment of market risk, credit risk
                        point of time. Market movements along with net flows are a       and liquidity risk associated with the business.
                        significant contributor to FUMA, and are therefore impacted
                        by current and future macroeconomic conditions.




For personal use only
                        The Group has reviewed the appropriateness of inputs
                        to the valuation of financial instruments and the disclosures
                        for the fair value of financial instruments. The fair value of
                        the Group’s financial instruments may have been impacted
                        by a variety of factors arising from changed business
                        conditions. As a general principle, quoted prices in active
                        markets provide the best available evidence of fair value.




                        66 | Financial report
                        Directors’ report
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        The Directors present their report together with the financial report of Insignia Financial Ltd and of the Group for the financial
                        year ended 30 June 2023 and the auditor’s report thereon. The Operating and financial review and the Remuneration report are
                        parts of the Directors’ report.

                        Directors
                         Name, qualifications and       Experience, special responsibilities, listed and other significant directorships
                         independence status

                          Mr Allan Griffiths             More than 40 years’ experience with a deep understanding of the financial services industry.
                          B.Bus, DipLI.                  Mr Griffiths has held a number of executive positions within the industry, most notably as Chief
                                                         Executive Officer Aviva Australia (formerly Norwich Union) and later, Managing Director South Asia,
                          Independent Non-
                                                         Aviva Asia Pte Ltd based in Singapore. Prior to joining Aviva, Mr Griffiths held executive positions with
                          Executive Director and
                                                         Colonial Ltd. Mr Griffiths is Chairman of Metrics Credit Partners, Chairman of St Andrew’s Insurance
                          Chairman
                                                         Group Australia and Chairman of Navalo Financial Services Group Limited.
                          Director since 14 July 2014
                                                         Mr Griffiths is a member of the Group Audit, Group Risk and Compliance, Group Nominations and
                          Chairman since 4 April 2019    Group People & Remuneration Committees.




For personal use only
                          Mr Renato Mota                 With more than 20 years’ experience in financial services, prior to being appointed CEO in June 2019,
                          BComm(Hons), B.Bus             Mr Mota held a number of senior executive roles within the Group. In December 2018, Mr Mota
                                                         was appointed Acting CEO and prior to that was Group General Manager – Wealth Management
                          Chief Executive Officer and
                                                         since January 2016. During this time he was instrumental in leading the Insignia Financial Group
                          Managing Director
                                                         through a series of forward-thinking, strategic initiatives including the advice-led strategy, the
                          Director since 25 June 2019    ClientFirst transformation and establishing the IOOF Advice Academy. Previously, he held numerous
                                                         executive roles as General Manager of Distribution, Investor Solutions and Corporate Strategy and
                                                         Communications. Before joining the Group in 2003, Mr Mota worked for Rothschild and NAB in
                                                         corporate finance roles with a focus on mergers and acquisitions where he was involved in wealth
                                                         management transactions including the demerger of Henderson Group plc from AMP in 2003 and
                                                         NAB’s acquisition of MLC and Deutsche Financial Planning.

                          Mr Andrew Bloore               Mr Bloore is an experienced Non-Executive Director, entrepreneur and farmer. He has designed,
                          Independent Non-               built and sold a number of businesses, focused on the development of key disruptive technologies
                          Executive Director             and distribution services in traditional markets, to create business efficiencies. Mr Bloore has been
                                                         actively involved in, both as an Executive and/or as a Director and in the capacity of investment
                          Director since
                                                         funding, development and leadership, businesses including Smartsuper, SuperIQ, and Class Super.
                          2 September 2019
                                                         Mr Bloore has worked on a range of Senate and Treasury Committees, and with the Australian
                                                         Taxation Office (ATO) Regulations Committee on regulation for the superannuation industry. In
                                                         2016, Mr Bloore sold his superannuation administration business to AMP, stepped down from the
                                                         Senate and Treasury Committees and is now focused on contributing to organisations as a Non-
                                                         Executive Director.
                                                         Mr Bloore is Chair of the Group Nominations Committee and a Member of the Group Audit, Group
                                                         People & Remuneration and Group Risk and Compliance Committees.

                          Ms Elizabeth Flynn             Ms Flynn has more than 40 years’ experience in the financial services industry, including roles
                          LLB, Grad Dip App Corp         within law and corporate governance as well as executive responsibilities. From 1998 to 2010,
                          Gov, FAICD, FFin, FGIA,        Ms Flynn was the Chief Legal Counsel, Group Compliance Manager and Group Company Secretary
                          FCG.                           of financial services group Aviva Australia, and a director of Aviva Australia’s superannuation trustee
                                                         company. Prior to her time at Aviva, Ms Flynn spent 18 years as a commercial lawyer with Minter
                          Independent Non-
                                                         Ellison, including eight years as a Partner, specialising in managed funds, banking, securitisation and
                          Executive Director
                                                         superannuation. Ms Flynn was a non-executive director of Bennelong Funds Management from 2010
                          Director since                 to 2015 and The Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited from November 2019 until April 2021
                          15 September 2015              and is a non-executive director of AIA Australia Limited and Chair of AIA Health Insurance Pty Ltd.
                                                         Ms Flynn is Chair of the Group Risk and Compliance Committee, and a member of the Group Audit,
                                                         Group People & Remuneration and Group Nominations Committees.

                          Mr John Selak                  Mr Selak has over 40 years’ experience in the financial and advisory services industry. From 2000
                          Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD            to 2016 Mr Selak was a Partner in the Corporate Finance Practice of Ernst & Young serving on their
                                                         Global Corporate Finance Executive. From 2014 to 2017 Mr Selak was an advisory board member of
                          Independent Non-
                                                         Quest Apartment Hotels. From 2016 to 2020 Mr Selak was a non-executive director of National Tiles
                          Executive Director
                                                         and was Chair of Corsair Capital until April 2021. Mr Selak is currently a non-executive director of
                          Director since                 Turosi Food Solutions and the IOOF Foundation. In December 2021, Mr Selak accepted a part-time
                          14 October 2016                role within the Office of the Special Manager for the Melbourne Casino Operator as Deputy Special
                                                         Manager – Governance, Risk and Assurance.
                                                         Mr Selak is Chair of the Group People & Remuneration Committee and a member of the Group Audit,
                                                         Group Nominations and Group Risk and Compliance Committees.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 67
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Directors’ report (cont’d)

                         Name, qualifications and       Experience, special responsibilities, listed and other significant directorships
                         independence status

                          Ms Michelle Somerville         Ms Somerville is an experienced Non-Executive Director, bringing deep and relevant finance, risk
                          B Bus (Accounting), FCA,       and governance experience to the Board, having worked in the financial services industry in both
                          FAICD, Master Applied          executive and non-executive roles. Previously she was an audit partner with KPMG Australia for
                          Finance                        nearly 14 years, with a focus on the financial services industry in both Australia and overseas.
                                                         Ms Somerville is currently a non-executive director of Select Harvests Limited (since 2022).
                          Independent Non-
                                                         Ms Somerville was a non-executive director of the GPT Group from December 2015 to May 2023.
                          Executive Director
                                                         Ms Somerville is the Chair of the Group Audit Committee and a member of the Group Nominations,
                          Director since
                                                         Group People & Remuneration and Group Risk and Compliance committees.
                          1 October 2019


                        All Directors held office during and since the end of the                 Directors’ meeting
                        financial year.
                                                                                                  Director         Role                    Meetings   Meetings
                                                                                                                                           attended       held
                        The Group People & Remuneration and the Group




For personal use only
                        Nominations committees review the balance of skills,                      A Griffiths      Chair                        15          15
                        experience, independence, knowledge and diversity                         R Mota           CEO & Managing               15          15
                        of Directors. This involves the creation of a board                                        Director
                        skills matrix setting out the mix of skills and diversity                 A Bloore         Director                     15          15
                        that the Board currently has or is looking to achieve                     E Flynn          Director                     15          15
                        in its membership.
                                                                                                  J Selak          Director                     15          15
                        Refer to Section 4 of the Remuneration report for Directors’              M Somerville     Director                     15          15
                        subsidiary company and committee appointments.
                                                                                                  Audit Committee
                        Company secretary                                                         Director         Role                    Meetings   Meetings
                                                                                                                                           attended       held
                        Ms Adrianna Bisogni LLB (Hons) BA GAICD
                                                                                                  M Somerville     Chair                         9          9
                        Ms Bisogni is a lawyer with over 25 years’ experience
                        in corporate law. Ms Bisogni was appointed to the role                    A Bloore         Member                        8          9
                        of Company Secretary in November 2019.                                    E Flynn          Member                        9          9
                                                                                                  A Griffiths      Member                        9          9
                        Mr Bill Linehan LLB, BCom, FGIA
                                                                                                  J Selak          Member                        9          9
                        Mr Linehan is a Chartered Accountant, lawyer, and a Fellow
                        of the Governance Institute with over 20 years’ experience
                                                                                                  Risk and Compliance Committee
                        in corporate law. Mr Linehan was appointed to the role
                        of Company Secretary in May 2021.                                         Director         Role                    Meetings   Meetings
                                                                                                                                           attended       held
                                                                                                  E Flynn          Chair                         7          7
                        Directors’ meetings
                                                                                                  A Bloore         Member                        5          7
                        The number of Directors’ meetings (including meetings of
                                                                                                  A Griffiths      Member                        7          7
                        committees of Directors) and number of meetings attended
                        by each of the Directors of the Company during the                        J Selak          Member                        7          7
                        financial year are:                                                       M Somerville     Member                        7          7


                                                                                                  Nominations Committee
                                                                                                  Director         Role                    Meetings   Meetings
                                                                                                                                           attended       held
                                                                                                  A Bloore         Chair                         5          5
                                                                                                  A Griffiths      Member                        5          5
                                                                                                  E Flynn          Member                        5          5
                                                                                                  J Selak          Member                        5          5
                                                                                                  M Somerville     Member                        5          5




                        68 | Financial report
                         People & Remuneration Committee
                                                                                           In accordance with this requirement the Company has
                                                                                           entered into Deeds of Access, Indemnity and Insurance
                         Director        Role                  Meetings     Meetings
                                                               attended         held       (Deeds of Indemnity) with each Director and Secretary.
                         J Selak         Chair                         6               6   During the financial year, the Group paid insurance
                                                                                           premiums to insure against amounts that the Group may
                         A Bloore        Member                        4               6
                                                                                           be liable to pay the Directors and Secretary pursuant to
                         E Flynn         Member                        6               6   Rule 84. The insurance policy also insures the Directors and
                         A Griffiths     Member                        6               6   Secretary of the Company and its controlled entities, and
                         M Somerville    Member                        6               6   the general officers of each of the companies in the Group
                                                                                           to the extent permitted by law. Details of the amount of the
                        Meetings held represent the number of meetings held                premium paid in respect of the insurance contract have not
                        during the time the Director held office. The Directors’           been disclosed as such disclosure is prohibited under the
                        meetings are those held for Insignia Financial Ltd. This does      terms of the contract.
                        not include the meetings held and attended by Directors for
                                                                                           The liabilities insured include legal costs that may be




For personal use only
                        the various subsidiary companies.
                                                                                           incurred in defending civil or criminal proceedings that may
                        In addition to the meetings attended during the year,              be brought against the officers in their capacity as officers
                        a number of matters were considered and addressed                  of entities in the Group and any other payments arising
                        separately via circular resolution.                                from liabilities incurred by the officers in connection with
                                                                                           such proceedings, other than where such liabilities arise out
                        Shares issued on exercise of options                               of conduct involving a wilful breach of duty by the officers
                        During the financial year, the Group did not issue any             or the improper use by the officers of their position or of
                        ordinary shares of the Company as a result of the exercise         information to gain advantage to themselves or someone
                        of options. All plans were satisfied from the purchase             else or to cause detriment to the Company.
                        of shares.
                                                                                           Environmental regulation
                        Unexercised performance rights                                     The Group is not subject to significant environmental
                        At the date of this report, performance rights on issue are:       regulation.

                         Performance rights                                                Events occurring after balance date
                         Performance period end date                       Number of
                                                                              rights       Divestment of IOOF Ltd
                         30-Jun-24                                          1,158,685      On 24 July 2023, the Group executed a share sale
                                                                                           agreement with Australian Unity Ltd (AUL) to sell its friendly
                         30-Jun-25                                          2,326,884
                                                                                           society investment bond business through the divestment
                         30-Jun-26                                          2,098,735
                                                                                           of IOOF Ltd.
                                                                           5,584,304
                                                                                           The Group will be paid total consideration of up to
                        Shares allocated on vesting will rank equally with all other       $40m comprising $36m in cash upon completion, plus
                        ordinary shares on issue.                                          an additional contingent amount of up to $4m payable
                                                                                           12 months after completion, subject to the transition
                        These performance rights do not entitle the holder
                                                                                           of clients and funds under management to AUL.
                        to participate in any share issue or receive dividends
                        of the Company.                                                    The Group will provide a number of services to IOOF Ltd
                                                                                           under a transitional services agreement for an initial period
                        Indemnification and insurance                                      of 12 months. The Group and AUL will also enter a strategic
                                                                                           alliance agreement to support the mutual aim of providing
                        Rule 84 of the Insignia Financial Ltd Constitution requires
                                                                                           financial wellbeing to all Australians.
                        the Company to indemnify to the extent permitted by law,
                        each Director and Secretary against liability incurred in, or      Completion of the transaction is subject to relevant
                        arising out of the conduct of the business of the Company          regulator approvals.
                        or the discharge of the duties of the Director or Secretary.
                        The Directors and Secretary named in this Directors’ report
                        have the benefit of this requirement, as do individuals who
                        formerly held one of those positions.




                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 69
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Directors’ report (cont’d)

                        Advice services partnership model                               Non-audit services
                        On 27 July 2023, the Group announced its intention to
                                                                                        The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit
                        reset its financial advice operating model to competitively
                                                                                        services during the year of $190,041 by the auditor is
                        leverage opportunities for sustainable growth. The change
                                                                                        compliant with the general standard of independence for
                        will provide a new partnership ownership model for the
                                                                                        auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. Non-audit
                        Group’s self-employed licensees comprising RI Advice Group
                                                                                        services are managed as follows:
                        Pty Ltd, Consultum Financial Advisers Pty Ltd and TenFifty.
                                                                                        • fees earned from non-audit work undertaken by KPMG
                        While the new brand name and identity has yet to be
                                                                                           are capped at 0.1 times the total audit fee
                        established, this new business is being developed under
                                                                                        • services have been reviewed and approved to ensure
                        the working name of Advice Services Co, or ASC.
                                                                                           that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity
                        ASC represents the ambition to create Australia’s largest          of the auditor; and
                        adviser-owned licensee group, positioning it to capitalise
                                                                                        • services do not undermine the general principles
                        on the dynamic self-employed advice market with the
                                                                                           relating to auditor independence as set out in the




For personal use only
                        support of Insignia Financial. ASC will operate with
                                                                                           Code of Conduct APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                        independent management, governance and oversight,
                                                                                           Accountants issued by the Accounting Professional &
                        with input from both Insignia Financial as well as key advice
                                                                                           Ethical Standards Board, including reviewing or auditing
                        practice representatives.
                                                                                           the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or
                        Under the new partnership model, Consultum, TenFifty               decision-making capacity for the Group, acting as
                        and RI Advice will join together to form a new standalone          advocate for the Group or jointly sharing economic
                        business ASC, the Godfrey Pembroke licensee will                   risks and rewards.
                        transition to a standalone business operating under their
                                                                                        Further information regarding the remuneration of auditors
                        own license, and the process has commenced to sell the
                                                                                        is included in Note 34 Remuneration of auditor.
                        Millennium3 business.

                        Dividends                                                       Proceedings on behalf of the Company
                        The Directors have declared the payment of a final dividend     No person has applied to the court under section 237
                        of 9.3 cents per share. The dividends are unfranked and are     of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings
                        to be paid on 3 October 2023.                                   on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any
                                                                                        proceedings to which the Company is a party, for the
                        Lead auditor’s independence                                     purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company
                        declaration                                                     for all or part of those proceedings.

                        The lead auditor’s independence declaration is included on      No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on
                        page 89 of the annual financial report and forms part of the    behalf of the Company with leave of the Court under
                        Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2023.              section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001.


                        Rounding of amounts                                             Authorisation
                        The Company is a company of the kind referred to                The Directors’ report is signed in accordance with a
                        in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’          resolution of the Directors made pursuant to section 298(2)
                        Reports) Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016, and          of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        in accordance with that instrument amounts in the financial
                        report are rounded off to the nearest one hundred
                        thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.


                                                                                        Mr Allan Griffiths
                                                                                        Chairman

                                                                                        Melbourne
                                                                                        24 August 2023




                        70 | Financial report
                        Remuneration report

                        Letter from the Group People &                                     Remuneration governance
                        Remuneration Committee Chair                                       The introduction of CPS511 Remuneration standards
                                                                                           from 1 July 2023 has significant implications for Insignia
                        Dear Shareholders,
                                                                                           Financial and our peers and is another example of where
                        On behalf of Insignia Financial, I am pleased to present our       we have continued to increase our risk governance.
                        2023 Remuneration report.                                          CPS511 aims to ensure clearer connections between
                                                                                           risk accountabilities, performance and remuneration
                        Our aim is to provide clarity and transparency in the
                                                                                           outcomes. We are supportive of this goal, and it reflects
                        presentation of our remuneration outcomes and practices,
                                                                                           the path we have been on over the past few years to ensure
                        and have taken on feedback this year, as we have in past
                                                                                           strengthened remuneration governance. In the last year,
                        years, to keep improving how this is presented.
                                                                                           we have undertaken a rigorous review of our remuneration
                        Continuing our growth and progress                                 framework and structures to ensure compliance with the
                        2023 was another significant year of progress for Insignia         standards and that our practices meet the aims of our
                        Financial. In October 2022, five years after announcing            remuneration policy. Notably, we have further enhanced




For personal use only
                        the purchase of the ANZ Wealth Business, we completed              and structured our consequence management framework,
                        the transaction, separating from and operating                     which will help to govern risk events through a structured
                        independently of ANZ.                                              consequence framework.

                        In June, we reached our two-year anniversary of the                A review of the Executive incentive framework was also
                        acquisition of MLC and in July announced that after                undertaken this year, to ensure compliance with updated
                        extensive assessment, Insignia Financial had selected              regulatory standards and to ensure incentive structures
                        FIS, a Fortune 500 company, as the provider of the go-             continue to meet their objectives. As a result of this review,
                        forward Master Trust registry platform. This will create one       for the 2023–2024 performance year, we will be introducing
                        technology ecosystem with two platform pillars: Insignia           the Executive Incentive Plan. This revised scheme will
                        Financial’s proprietary ‘Wrap’ platform ‘Evolve’ and a cloud-      align closely with the framework of the existing incentive
                        based version of MLC MasterKey, and is a key step to ending        plan, but will see variable reward outcomes delivered via a
                        our Transitional Service Agreement with NAB during 2H25.           balance of short-term and long-term incentives, deferred for
                                                                                           up to six years. We believe this rebalancing helps to reward
                        We honed the focus of the business with the divestment             and incentivise executives in the immediate term as we work
                        of AET, the establishment of our new Advice services               through significant change, whilst also continuing to align
                        partnership model and the execution of a share sale                to shareholder interests and creating long-term sustainable
                        agreement to sell our friendly society investment bond             value in the Company.
                        business through the divestment of IOOF Ltd. In July
                        2023, we also released our refreshed business strategy             On behalf of the People & Remuneration Committee,
                        which reflects greater clarity and ambition for the three          I would like to thank you for your support as a shareholder
                        years ahead.                                                       and invite you to read this Remuneration report which will
                                                                                           be presented for adoption at the 2023 AGM.
                        With growth comes challenge and opportunity. In
                        November, APRA issued our four RSELs with licence                  Yours sincerely
                        conditions designed to address governance and risk
                        frameworks ensuring they are fit for purpose given the size,
                        scale and complexity of our superannuation business. The
                        Board supports management’s commitment to continue
                        to strengthen the governance we have in place to ensure            John Selak
                        they are best-fit for the organisation we’ve become and that       Group People & Remuneration Committee Chair
                        we deliver on our purpose for every client – understand            24 August 2023
                        me, look after me, secure my future. The Board has been
                        pleased to see the immediate and significant response
                        across the business in responding to these conditions. This
                        has been supported by the addition of our new Chief Risk
                        Officer in March, Anvij Saxena, who will play a significant role
                        in embedding our risk frameworks and practices.




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 71
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                          Contents
                          1. 	Executive remuneration outcomes for the                       4. Non-Executive Director remuneration                   82
                               2023 financial year                                  72         NED Board, Committee and subsidiary
                              The 2023 remuneration framework                           72     fee structure                                          82
                              2023 performance outcomes                                 73     2023 statutory remuneration – non-executive
                              Executive remuneration framework for FY24                 74     directors                                              83

                              EIP measurement framework                                 74     Equity holdings of non-executive directors             83
                                                                                               Terms of appointment                                   83
                          2. Remuneration governance                                    75
                              The Group People & Remuneration Committee                 75   5. 	Company performance and remuneration
                                                                                                  impacts                                             84
                              Group People & Remuneration Committee Charter 75
                                                                                               Five-year Group performance                            84
                              Remuneration and conduct governance                       75




For personal use only
                              Insignia Financial’s remuneration governance                   6. 	Key management personnel remuneration –
                              framework                                                 76        additional statutory disclosure                     85

                              Independent remuneration consultants                      76   7. Other information                                     86

                              Risk and remuneration                                     76     Equity holdings                                        86
                                                                                               Contract terms                                         88
                          3. Key management personnel                                   79
                                                                                               Payments to persons before taking office               88
                              Remuneration received by current Executive KMPs 80
                              Current and prior years’ long-term incentives             81



                        1. Executive remuneration outcomes                                     The risk and conduct modifier was introduced in the 2022
                                                                                               financial year to ensure each Executive was meeting risk and
                        for the 2023 financial year
                                                                                               compliance expectations. This modifier enables downward
                        The 2023 remuneration framework                                        adjustment of remuneration outcomes if these measures
                        2023 was the fourth year of the Executive Equity Plan (EEP)            are not adequately achieved.
                        being in place for the Executive team as their variable                The annual performance measures set for the 2023 financial
                        reward scheme.                                                         year for the CEO and Executives were assessed at the end
                        The EEP is delivered wholly in equity to closely align                 of the financial year (as outlined in the table on the following
                        Executives with long-term sustainable decision making                  page) but will not be eligible for release until 30 June 2026.
                        in the interests of shareholders.                                      This year, each measure was assessed on a sliding scale
                                                                                               from threshold (75%) to achieved (100%) and maximum
                        The EEP framework encompasses financial and non-financial              (125%) against the Board-approved targets.
                        measures. The EEP comprises:

                        • a four-year performance measure (40%). This will
                           be based on relative total shareholder return (TSR),
                           assessed at the end of the four-year performance period;
                        • annual performance measures with amounts not
                           released until the end of the four-year performance
                           period (60%). Targets are set and assessed annually
                           against five key areas, one of which is financial and four
                           non-financial metrics. The areas assessed, which align
                           with the key strategic drivers of the business, are:
                           – fi­nancial (10%)
                           – non-financial measures (50%) comprising:
                              – ­	 building a better tomorrow (5%)
                              – ­	 client (10%)
                              – ­	 ClientFirst culture (10%)
                              – ­	 individual, role-specific measures (25%).


                        72 | Financial report
                        2023 performance outcomes
                        The table below highlights the performance outcomes for each of the measures of the EEP.

                                                                                                                  Area             Measures                                                                FY23 outcome

                                                                                                           Risk and conduct        Executive are required to meet all training and core risk              All KMP achieved


                                                             Getaways
                                                                                                                                   requirements                                                              this gateway

                                                                                                           Culture principles      Executive must demonstrate the Insignia Financial principles           All KMP achieved
                                                                                                                                   consistently in the way they work                                         this gateway

                                                                                                         Financial performance measures

                                                                                                            Financial (40%)        Delivering long-term shareholder return
                                                                                                                                   Long-term shareholder return as measured by TSR percentile
                                                                                                                                   ranking >50%
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Assessed in 2026




For personal use only
                                                                                                               Delivering          Achieving the Annual Financial Plan (UNPAT)
                                                                                                         sustainable returns for   Measured by achievement of an annual financial plan (UNPAT) target
                                                                                                           shareholders (10%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Partially
                                                                                                                                                                                                              achieved




                                                            Annual performance measures
                                                                                                         Non-financial performance measures

                                                                                                           Building a better       Strengthening our reputation
                                                                                                            tomorrow (5%)          Measured by sentiment towards the MLC and Insignia




                         EXECUTIVE EQUITY PLAN
                                                                                                                                   Financial brands
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Partially
                                                                                                                                                                                                              achieved




                                                 Set and assessed annually – released after four years
                                                                                                              Client (10%)         Delivering what matters to clients
                                                                                                                                   Improving the service delivery to members and advisers as
                                                                                                                                   measured through adviser and member Net Promoter Score                     Partially
                                                                                                                                                                                                              achieved




                                                                                                              ClientFirst          Creating a unified ClientFirst culture
                                                                                                             culture (10%)         Engagement and cultural integration via Our Voice employee survey

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Partially
                                                                                                                                                                                                              achieved




                                                                                                            Individual, role-      Simplify, uplift and grow the business
                                                                                                          specific goals (25%)     Measures to be set on an individual basis, linked to the successful
                                                                                                                                   delivery of key transformation programs such as governance &          Rated separately for
                                                                                                                                   remediation, transformation & simplification, organic business          each individual
                                                                                                                                   growth, people & culture and portfolio alignment




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 73
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        Executive remuneration framework for FY24
                        In FY24, the Executive team will move into a new incentive scheme – the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP). This change is being
                        undertaken to ensure compliance with updated regulatory standards and to ensure incentive structures continue to meet their
                        objectives of attracting and reward talent. It will comprise a Short-term Variable Reward (STVR) component as well as a Long-
                        Term Variable Reward (LTVR) component.

                        The STVR will make up 50% of Executives’ total variable reward target. It will be assessed annually based on a balanced
                        scorecard of measures. The STVR will be assessed and awarded at the end of the annual period, with 50% paid at that time and
                        50% deferred for 12 months.

                        The LTVR will make up 50% of the total variable reward target. It will be awarded as performance rights with a deferral period
                        of five years for Executives and six years for the CEO. The performance rights will be tested after four years and placed into
                        a restricted period until the end of the deferral period.


                                         FY24                    FY25                  FY26                  FY27                   FY28                  FY29




For personal use only
                                Base salary +
                         TFR
                                Superannuation


                                                         50% STVR paid in
                                                         cash at the end
                                Assessed                 of the one-year
                                against a                performance
                         STVR   balanced                 period
                                scorecard
                                of measures              50% STVR paid
                                                         in cash at the
                                                         end of FY25
                                                                                                                            Executives:
                                                                                                                            100% subject to
                                                                                                                            a one-year restricted
                                                                                                                            period
                         LTVR   Performance rights subject to a rTSR and reputation measure
                                                                                                                            CEO: 50% subject to a one-year
                                                                                                                            restricted period and 50% subject
                                                                                                                            to a two-year restricted period

                         1 July 2023              30 June 2024          30 June 2025          30 June 2026           30 June 2027          30 June 2028   30 June 2029


                        The EIP will be assessed against a balanced scorecard of financial and non-financial measures comprising shared and individual
                        goals. The following framework is an illustration of this structure, against which specific goals and targets will be set at the
                        commencement of each performance period.

                        EIP measurement framework
                                       Measures                    Financial/non-financial    Measures                                                    Target
                                                                                                                                                          weighting

                                                                                              UNPAT
                                                                   Financial                  Net Fund Flows (NFF)                                        30%
                                                                                              Cost to income ratio (CTI)
                                       Shared measures
                         STVR                                                                 Strategic governance
                                                                   Non-financial              Client                                                      40%
                                                                                              People

                                       Individual measures         Role-specific goals        Aligned to strategic and business priorities                30%

                                                                   Financial                  Relative total shareholder return (rTSR)                    70%
                         LTVR          Shared measures
                                                                   Non-financial              Reputation                                                  30%




                        74 | Financial report
                        2. Remuneration governance                                       Remuneration and conduct governance
                                                                                         Continued progress was made on our remuneration
                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee
                                                                                         framework and governance practices in 2023. The
                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee is the
                                                                                         remuneration governance framework ensures key
                        governing body for developing, monitoring and assessing
                                                                                         linkages between risk and performance and remuneration
                        the remuneration strategy, policies and practices across
                                                                                         outcomes. In readiness for CPS511 from 1 July 2023, we
                        the Insignia Financial Group and ensuring overall pay equity.
                                                                                         uplifted our comprehensive consequence management
                        The role of the Group People & Remuneration Committee
                                                                                         framework, which aims to provide more objective guidance
                        is to review, challenge, assess and as appropriate, endorse
                                                                                         on severity of risk or conduct events as well as guidance
                        the recommendations made by management for Board
                                                                                         on appropriate consequences. It will incorporate current
                        approval. It oversees the Insignia Financial remuneration
                                                                                         adjustment practices, such as malus, clawback, risk and
                        framework and assists the Board to ensure that Insignia
                                                                                         compliance gateways and the Exercise of Discretion in
                        Financial’s remuneration strategy and policy are appropriate
                                                                                         Remuneration Decision Making Policy.
                        and effective. The Committee also has oversight to other




For personal use only
                        People and Culture areas such as talent and succession,          At Insignia Financial there is active engagement with the
                        culture and engagement, and diversity and inclusion.             Group People & Remuneration Committee, Group Risk
                                                                                         & Compliance Committee, IFL Board and Registrable
                        The Committee reviews and makes recommendations
                                                                                         Superannuation Entity Licensee (RSEL) Boards (I.O.O.F.
                        to the Board on the remuneration structure and policies
                                                                                         Investment Management Ltd, Oasis Fund Management
                        applicable to the KMP and non-executive directors (NEDs)
                                                                                         Limited, OnePath Custodians Pty Limited and NULIS
                        of the Insignia Financial Group, as well as the wider Insignia
                                                                                         Nominees (Australia) Ltd on goal setting, performance
                        Financial employee population.
                                                                                         assessment and remuneration review processes.
                        The Committee is comprised solely of NEDs, all of whom are
                                                                                         In 2023, for the third year, a joint meeting of the Group
                        independent. The members of the Committee for the year
                                                                                         People & Remuneration, Group Risk and Compliance and
                        ended 30 June 2023 were J Selak – Chair, A Griffiths, E Flynn,
                                                                                         Group Audit committees was convened as part of our end
                        A Bloore and M Somerville.
                                                                                         of year performance and remuneration review process. This
                        The Board considers that the members of the Committee            year, the joint committee meeting was extended to include
                        provide an appropriate mix of skills to undertake its terms      the RSEL Chairs of the Risk and Compliance and Audit
                        of reference, having regard to their qualifications, knowledge   committees to contribute to the discussion.
                        of the financial services industry and experience in
                                                                                         The purpose of the joint session was to review the key
                        business management.
                                                                                         risk matters and consider potential consequences to
                        Group People & Remuneration Committee                            performance and remuneration outcomes for senior
                        Charter                                                          leaders. This is a critical step as part of our end of year
                                                                                         process, enabling a focused discussion on risk behaviours
                        The responsibilities of the Group People & Remuneration
                                                                                         and outcomes, and consideration of any consequences to
                        Committee are outlined in its Charter. The Charter is
                                                                                         variable remuneration outcomes. This is further highlighted
                        available on the Corporate Governance page of the
                                                                                         in the next section.
                        Company’s website at www.insigniafinancial.com.au.

                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee met formally
                        six times during the 2023 financial year. This included a
                        joint meeting between the Group People & Remuneration
                        Committee, the Group Audit Committee and the Group Risk
                        & Compliance Committee.




                                                                                                                                    Financial report | 75
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        Insignia Financial’s remuneration governance framework
                                                                              Insignia Financial Ltd Board


                                Group Risk & Compliance and Audit committees                             Group People & Remuneration Committee
                               Oversight of significant compliance and operational                     Establishment and maintenance of the Group’s
                             incidents, internal audit issues and other financial and              remuneration framework, including recommendation
                                              non-financial matters.                                 to the Board on KMP remuneration arrangements,
                                                                                                   ongoing review of incentive schemes, and assessment
                                                                                                    of performance against key performance indicators.

                            Joint Group People & Remuneration, Risk & Compliance                          Independent remuneration consultants
                                            and Audit committees                                  The Group People & Remuneration Committee may engage
                          The Committees are advised by the Group Chief Risk Officer on              external advisers to provide information to assist the
                          material risk matters that may impact remuneration outcomes                   Committee in making remuneration decisions.
                                         for Senior Executives and below.




For personal use only
                                                                           Risk & Remuneration governance
                             Incidents, breaches of policy and misconduct issues are reported to Executives. The Chief Risk Officer reports annually to a joint
                              meeting of the Group People & Remuneration, Group Risk & Compliance and Group Audit committees on the outcomes from
                            the consequence management process and confirms that these matters have been considered in determining performance and
                                                                      remuneration outcomes where appropriate.


                        Independent remuneration consultants                                    Risk also plays a key role in performance and remuneration
                        During the 2023 financial year, external independent                    outcomes for our broader employee workforce in addition
                        remuneration consultants were engaged to provide                        to executives, with financial year outcomes and reward
                        information and support to the Group People &                           being subject to meeting compliance expectations. More
                        Remuneration Committee through the design of CPS511.                    than 99% of the total workforce achieved the risk and
                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee did not                       compliance gateway. No variable reward was awarded to
                        seek or receive any remuneration recommendations in the                 the <1% who failed to meet the gateway.
                        2023 financial year.                                                    Although the CPS511 requirement did not take effect until
                        Risk and remuneration                                                   1 July 2023, we have been lifting our focus on the application
                                                                                                of consequences to performance and remuneration
                        Our remuneration framework has continued to evolve
                                                                                                outcomes. There was an impact to the CEO’s FY22
                        over the past year, enabling us to achieve better alignment
                                                                                                variable remuneration outcomes in relation to governance
                        between risk, performance and remuneration and to ensure
                                                                                                limitations which contributed to licence conditions being
                        we are aligned to regulator and market expectations.
                                                                                                imposed by APRA. The Board felt this should result in a
                        The Board continues to oversee enhancements to the                      deduction in the CEO’s variable reward payment. This is
                        Group’s management of risk and remuneration, reinforcing                reflected in this remuneration period based on the timing
                        the expectations of risk outcomes and behaviours in                     of the deduction.
                        support of a positive risk culture through the Group’s
                        practices and frameworks.




                        76 | Financial report
                        Embedding risk in our performance and reward framework

                           Risk culture                                                          Alignment of risk to remuneration outcomes
                           The Insignia Financial risk culture is a key business driver          The Insignia Financial Group People & Remuneration Policy
                           and seeks to create an environment where employees                    is designed to encourage and incentivise employees to act
                           have a clear understanding of their responsibilities                  responsibly and with integrity in a manner consistent with
                           and accountabilities for managing risk. Employees are                 the policy.
                           empowered to ask questions, report concerns, seek relevant            Reporting is provided to the Board to support oversight of
                           information, challenge assumptions and take action when               remuneration and risk consequences to assist in informing
                           issues are identified as part of everyday work activities.            performance and remuneration reviews.
                           Risk culture is underpinned by the cultural principles, which
                           are embedded in our business processes, including the
                           performance framework.


                           Risk in the performance review process                                Malus/clawback




For personal use only
                           Risk assessments are increasingly a key consideration for             Malus is the ability to reduce (including to zero) a variable
                           the annual performance assessment process of the CEO and              remuneration award/or lapse or postpone vesting of variable
                           Executives. As well as the commencement of a joint meeting            remuneration awards granted, but not vested.
                           of the People & Remuneration, Risk & Compliance and Audit             Guidance and enhanced processes to support the
                           Committees to ensure a clear link between risk, performance           application of malus have been implemented across Insignia
                           and remuneration outcomes, it is also supported by                    Financial during the 2023 financial year.
                           reporting and governance structures to ensure a holistic
                                                                                                 The potential for clawback will also apply to all CEO and
                           view of risk.
                                                                                                 Executive variable remuneration.


                        The table below shows the Insignia Financial Group’s remuneration objectives and principles:

                                                                                 Insignia financial purpose
                                    Understand me                                     Look after me                                   Secure my future
                                                  Remuneration objectives – objectives of Insignia Financial’s remuneration framework:
                         Attraction and retention     Strategy-led and            Promote a sound risk        Shareholder alignment      Meet regulatory and
                         of the best talent           supporting Insignia         management culture                                     governance expectations
                                                      Financial’s purpose                                                                and impacts on
                                                                                                                                         remuneration

                         Attract, motivate and        Support our approach        Sound management            Align outcomes with the    Design and implement
                         retain key talent to drive   to delivering client        of non-financial and        shareholder experience     the Financial
                         the performance of the       outcomes.                   financial risk and          through allocation of      Accountability
                         Company.                     Emphasis on delivering      individual and collective   equity and delivery of     Regime (FAR) and
                                                      quality advice.             accountability.             shareholder returns.       APRA’s Prudential
                                                                                  Meet the expectations       Facilitate an ‘ownership   Standards CPS 511
                                                      Support Insignia
                                                                                  of stakeholders in a        mindset’ and long-         Remuneration and
                                                      Financial’s ClientFirst
                                                                                  fast-paced regulatory       term focus among           their potential impact
                                                      philosophy to deliver a
                                                                                  environment and             participants.              on remuneration by
                                                      sustainable competitive
                                                                                  uphold the highest                                     1 July 2023.
                                                      advantage.
                                                                                  governance standards.

                                                              Remuneration principles – these objectives are achieved by:

                         Being market                 Creating a culture          Supporting risk             Delivering on              Determining an
                         competitive and              that underpins our          management                  shareholder value          individual’s variable
                         reflecting our broader       principles – recognising    framework and culture,      through short-term         remuneration based on
                         employee value               what is achieved and        by encouraging              performance that           a range of financial and
                         proposition.                 the way in which it is      appropriate risk            builds into long-term      non-financial factors
                                                      achieved.                   behaviours, setting         performance.               that includes risk
                                                                                  clear performance and                                  factors.
                                                                                  risk accountabilities and
                                                                                  enabling consequences
                                                                                  through forfeiture of
                                                                                  remuneration.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 77
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        The remuneration framework for KMP is outlined below:

                         Executive remuneration framework
                                        Total fixed remuneration                Short-term variable reward              Executive Equity Plan
                                        (TFR)                                                                           (long-term variable reward)

                                        All Executives                          Chief Asset Management Officer          All Executives


                         Participants



                                        Provides market competitive             Aligned to specific individual, role-   Relative TFR against ASX 200 (40%)
                                        remuneration to attract and retain      specific targets associated with the    assessed over four years.
                                        high-quality talent while reflecting    Investment and Asset Management         Financial measure (10%) measured by
                                        role size and accountabilities.         portfolios.                             achieved of annual UNPAT target (released
                                                                                                                        after four years).




For personal use only
                         Rationale
                                                                                                                        Non-financial component (50%) set and
                                                                                                                        assessed annually (released after four
                                                                                                                        years) with one measure in each category
                                                                                                                        being:
                                                                                                                        (1) Building a better tomorrow
                                                                                                                        (2) Client
                                                                                                                        (3) ClientFirst culture
                                                                                                                        (4) Individual.

                                        Base remuneration and                   0% – 100%                               0% – 100%


                         Structure
                                        superannuation.                         Paid as cash                            Performance Rights to shares with
                                                                                                                        dividend equivalent payments, with
                                                                                                                        vesting subject to performance over
                                                                                                                        a four-year period.

                                        TFR is determined by taking             Quantum (% of TFR)                      Quantum (% of TFR)
                                        into consideration expertise,           Maximum allocation of 80%               Maximum face value allocation of 115%
                                        responsibility, knowledge, experience                                           (115% for Group CEO)
                                        and market competitiveness.             Business performance measures           Business performance measures
                                        Reviewed annually against relevant      STIs are discretionary and determined   • Relative TSR against ASX 200 (40%)
                                        comparator group remuneration           for the relevant KMPs based on a          assessed over four years
                                        benchmarks.                             balanced scorecard.                     • Financial measure (10%) measured
                                        Primary comparator group is the                                                   by achieved of annual UNPAT target
                                        other wealth management and                                                       (released after four years)
                                        superannuation.                                                                 • Non-financial component (50%) set

                         Approach
                                        Adjustments only made for changes                                                 and assessed annually (released after
                                        in role or promotion, internal                                                    four years) with one measure in each
                                        relativities and significant market                                               category being:
                                        changes.                                                                          (1) Building a better tomorrow
                                                                                                                          (2) Client
                                                                                                                          (3) ClientFirst culture
                                                                                                                          (4) Individual.
                                                                                Risk and governance assessment          Risk and governance assessment
                                                                                (gate/modifier)                         (gate/modifier)
                                                                                Outcomes subject to Board               Outcomes subject to Board consideration
                                                                                consideration of conduct and            of conduct and risk matters
                                                                                risk matters




                        78 | Financial report
                        3. Key management personnel
                        The key management personnel (KMP) are defined as persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
                        controlling the activities of an entity, directly or indirectly, including any Director (whether Executive or otherwise) of that entity.

                        The table below outlines the Group’s KMP for the financial year ended 30 June 2023. It also shows each individual’s shareholding
                        and corresponding progress against their Minimum Shareholding Requirement (MSR) as at 30 June 2023. Our current KMP have
                        significant security holdings under the EEP that have been tested but not yet reached vesting. Under our new policy, effective
                        1 July 2023, the minimum security holdings will recognise this equity and it will be reported in future reports.

                         Name                   Role                                                                      Term as KMP           Current         Progress
                                                                                                                                           shareholding      against MSR (1)(2)

                         Chairperson
                         A Griffiths            Independent Non-Executive Director & Chairman                             Full year              100,000               n/a
                         Non-executive directors




For personal use only
                         E Flynn                Independent Non-Executive Director                                        Full year               49,021               n/a
                         J Selak                Independent Non-Executive Director                                        Full year              155,314               n/a
                         A Bloore               Independent Non-Executive Director                                        Full year               17,190               n/a
                         M Somerville           Independent Non-Executive Director                                        Full year               10,840               n/a
                         CEO and Managing Director
                         R Mota(3)              Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Managing Director                       Full year              409,828          100.0%
                         Current KMP
                         D Chalmers             Chief Financial Officer                                                   Full year                      –           0.0%
                         F Lombardo(3)          Chief Operating and Technology Officer                                    Full year              144,576          100.0%
                         D Whereat              Chief Advice Officer                                                      Full year               20,000           23.0%
                         M Oliver               Chief Distribution Officer                                                Full year               10,373           13.0%
                         G Mulcahy              Chief Asset Management Officer                                            Full year                      –           0.0%
                         A Saxena(5)            Chief Risk Officer                                                        Part year                      –           0.0%
                         Former KMP
                         L Stewart(4)           Chief Risk Officer                                                        Part year                      –           0.0%

                        (1) The MSR is required to be in place by 30 June 2024 or four years after commencing in the Executive Equity Plan. The share price is calculated based
                            on the higher of the price at date of purchase/vesting and the current price. The MSR applies to executives only.
                        (2) Based on their MSR, the KMPs are still tracking towards meeting the MSR requirement by 30 June 2024. Whilst A Saxena, G Mulcahy and D Chalmers
                            all have nil shareholdings, they are still on track to meet the MSR requirement within the Shareholding Policy requirement period.
                        (3) R Mota’s and F Lombardo’s current shareholdings also includes holdings in the name of a related party.
                        (4) L Stewart ceased their KMP duties effective 16 December 2022.
                        (5) A Saxena was appointed as a KMP effective 27 March 2023.




                                                                                                                                                          Financial report | 79
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        Remuneration received by current Executive KMPs
                        The remuneration outcomes table below provides a summary of the remuneration that was received by the current
                        executives in their KMP roles during the financial year ended 30 June 2023. We believe that presenting this information
                        provides shareholders with greater clarity and transparency of executive remuneration. This table differs from the statutory
                        remuneration table included in section 6 of the Remuneration report, which presents remuneration in accordance with
                        accounting standards (i.e. on an accrual basis). All remuneration presented in this report is in Australian dollars.

                                                     Total fixed                     STI(2)                    LTI(3)                  EEP(4),(6)             Total value of
                                                  remuneration(1)                                                                                            remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                   received
                         Name                   2023       2022        2023          2022         2023         2022         2023         2022            2023          2022
                                                   $          $           $             $            $            $            $            $               $             $
                         CEO and Managing Director
                         R Mota           1,353,129 1,307,409               –            –    119,625       90,250 1,172,461 1,501,301              2,645,215     2,898,960
                         Current KMP




For personal use only
                         D Chalmers        849,150     822,981              –            –            –            –    644,958      707,037        1,494,108     1,530,018
                         F Lombardo        774,932     732,314              –            –     70,180       79,420      600,124      560,625        1,445,236     1,372,359
                         D Whereat         591,686     569,607              –            –     15,950       18,050      449,194      486,115        1,056,830     1,073,772
                         M Oliver          662,602     534,331              –            –     15,950       18,050      465,395      442,275        1,143,947       994,656
                         G Mulcahy         739,831     671,343      342,000      326,000              –            –    377,265      437,000        1,459,096     1,434,343
                         A Saxena   (7)
                                           206,309            –             –            –            –            –            –              –      206,309               –
                         Former KMP
                         L Stewart(5)      653,197     634,693              –    100,000              –            –    195,162      219,017          848,359       953,710
                         Total            5,830,836 5,272,678       342,000      426,000      221,705      205,770 3,904,559 4,353,370              10,299,100 10,257,818

                        (1) Includes base salary, non-monetary and superannuation.
                        (2) G Mulcahy short-term incentive (STI) amounts represent cash accruals in current and prior year.
                        (3) Tenure-based long-term incentive (LTI) value calculated using closing share price at date of transfer of shares. Rights that vested in 2022 are in
                            holding lock for 12 months beyond the completion of the performance period.
                        (4) EEP value represents the total amount that the KMP was granted at the commencement of the plan, subject to a four-year performance period and
                            the Board’s evaluation of performance conditions as described in Section 1.
                        (5) L Stewart ceased their KMP duties effective 16 December 2022. 2022 STI represents a postponed 2020 retention incentive, paid in July 2021.
                        (6) On review of the 2022 EEP annual assessment of the financial and non-financial hurdles, a portion of the performance rights allocated were
                            cancelled resulting in 2022 numbers being different from last year’s reporting, the impact of this cancellation has been reflected in 2023.
                        (7) A Saxena was appointed as a KMP effective 27 March 2023.




                        80 | Financial report
                        Current and prior years’ long-term incentives
                        For performance rights under the Executive Equity Plan, the vesting of 60% of performance rights is subject to annualised
                        assessment for the grant date performance period and subject to a four year vesting period. 40% of the grant is subject to a
                        total shareholder return (TSR) progressive vesting scale over four years. TSR was chosen as the most appropriate comparative
                        measure as it focuses on the delivery of shareholder value. TSR represents the change in the value of a share plus the value
                        of dividends paid.

                            Year                                       Performance      Grant date          IFL TSR for         Ranking          Vesting     Performance
                                                                       period                               the period        relative to       status at          period
                                                                                                                     %           ASX200     30 June 2023         end date
                            2023 Executive Equity Plan                 2023–2026        14 Dec 22                4.88%              86th       0% vested         30 Jun 26
                            2022 Executive Equity Plan                 2022–2025        4 Mar 22              -23.86%             112th        0% vested         30 Jun 25
                            2021 Executive Equity Plan                 2021–2024        18 Dec 20             -24.66%             153rd        0% vested         30 Jun 24

                        For performance rights plans pre-dating the EEP, vesting of 50% of performance rights is subject to serving a three-year




For personal use only
                        employment period commencing on the date of grant. 50% of the grant is subject to a total shareholder return (TSR) progressive
                        vesting scale over three years.

                            Year                                      Performance       Grant date          IFL TSR for        Ranking           Vesting     Performance
                                                                      period                                the period       relative to        status at          period
                                                                                                                     %          ASX200                           end date


                            2020 LTI performance rights               2020-2022         17 Dec 19             -27.83%             148th        0% vested         30 Jun 22
                            2019 LTI performance rights               2019-2021         26 Sep 18             -54.90%             153rd        0% vested         30 Jun 21

                        The performance period for the 2019 LTI performance rights was completed on 30 June 2021; however, re-testing of TSR hurdles
                        completed on 1 July 2022. With a TSR ranking of 153rd relative to the ASX 200, no performance rights vested under the TSR
                        performance hurdle for any KMP.

                        Accordingly, the following shares vested and were forfeited for KMP under the 2019 and 2020 LTI performance rights plans:

                            Name            Performance        Type of instrument                        Employment                TSR          % vested       % forfeited
                                            period end                                                     condition      performance
                                                                                                               – 50%      hurdle – 50%
                            KMP                                                                             Number of shares vested
                            R Mota          30-Jun-22          2020 LTI performance rights**                    37,500                 –           50.0%            50.0%
                            F Lombardo      30-Jun-22          2020 LTI performance rights**                    22,000                 –           50.0%            50.0%
                            D Whereat       30-Jun-22          2020 LTI performance rights**                     5,000                 –           50.0%            50.0%
                            M Oliver        30-Jun-22          2020 LTI performance rights**                     5,000                 –           50.0%            50.0%
                            R Mota          30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                     25,000                 –           50.0%            50.0%
                            F Lombardo      30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                     22,000                 –           50.0%            50.0%
                            D Whereat       30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                      5,000                 –           50.0%            50.0%
                            M Oliver        30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                      5,000                 –           50.0%            50.0%

                        *  Performance period ended 30 June 2021, vesting of rights occurred 1 July 2022. Retesting and forfeiture of rights under TSR hurdle occurred
                           1 July 2022.
                        ** Performance period ended 30 June 2022, vesting and forfeiture of rights occurred 1 July 2022.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 81
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        4. Non-Executive Director remuneration
                        In setting appropriate NED remuneration, the Board considers general industry practice; best principles of corporate
                        governance; the responsibilities and risks attached to the NED role; the time commitment expected of NEDs on Group and
                        Company matters; and fees paid to NEDs of comparable companies.

                        In order to ensure NED independence and impartiality, fees are not linked to Company performance and NEDs are not eligible
                        to participate in any of the Group’s incentive arrangements.

                        NED Board, Committee and subsidiary fee structure
                         Elements                        2022/23 fees per annum                                                            $              $
                         NED Board, committee and        Group Board fee                                                           Chair fee        Board
                         subsidiary fee structure                                                                                               member fee
                                                         Insignia Financial Ltd Board                                               376,875        160,800
                                                         Committee fee                                                             Chair fee    Committee




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                      fee
                                                         Audit                                                                       30,150          15,075
                                                         Risk & Compliance                                                           30,150          15,075
                                                         Remuneration                                                                20,100          10,050
                                                         Nominations                                                                 15,075            5,025
                                                         Subsidiary boards

                                                         RSEL board member fee (one or more RSEL boards)                                   –         60,000
                                                         RE board member fee (one or more RE boards)                                       –         35,175
                                                         Other board member fee (one or more other boards excluding                        –         35,175
                                                         Insignia Financial Ltd, RSE and RE subsidiary boards)
                         Post-employment benefits        Superannuation contributions are made at a rate of 10.5% (up to the government’s prescribed
                                                         maximum contributions limit) and are included in the NED fee.

                        The current aggregate fee pool for NEDs of $1.75m was approved by shareholders at the 2021 Annual General Meeting.
                        The annual total of NEDs’ fees, including superannuation contributions, is within this agreed limit.

                         NED                    Subsidiary board appointments
                         A Griffiths            Mr Griffiths is chair of Australian Wealth Management Limited and MLC Wealth Limited, and a director of IOOF
                                                Life Pty Ltd and IOOF Group Pty Ltd.
                         E Flynn                Ms Flynn is a director of Australian Wealth Management Limited, IOOF Group Pty Ltd, MLC Wealth Limited and
                                                IOOF Life Pty Ltd.
                         J Selak                Mr Selak is a director of OnePath Funds Management Limited, IOOF Investment Services Ltd, IOOF Holdings
                                                Trustee Pty Ltd, IOOF Group Pty Ltd, Antares Capital Partners Ltd, MLC Investments Limited, Navigator
                                                Australia Limited and MLC Asset Management Services Limited.
                         A Bloore               Mr Bloore was previously a director of I.O.O.F. Investment Management Limited, NULIS Nominees (Australia)
                                                Limited, Oasis Fund Management Limited and OnePath Custodians Pty Limited. Mr Bloore resigned from these
                                                positions effective 9 December 2022.
                         M Somerville           Ms Somerville is a director of OnePath Investment Holdings Pty Limited and OnePath Funds Management
                                                Limited.




                        82 | Financial report
                        2023 statutory remuneration – non-executive directors
                         NED                                                                              Short-term benefits               Post-employment            Total

                                                                                          Directors’            Non-monetary       (3)
                                                                                                                                             Superannuation
                                                                                               fees (2)
                                                                                                    $                          $                          $                $

                         A Griffiths     (1)
                                                                       2023                 364,565                       9,505                      12,160        386,230
                                                                       2022                 373,962                       2,880                           –        376,842
                         E Flynn   (1),(4)
                                                                       2023                 255,000                            –                      1,030        256,030
                                                                       2022                 254,019                            –                          –        254,019
                         J Selak                                       2023                 227,476                            –                     23,660        251,136
                                                                       2022                 226,442                            –                     22,644        249,086
                         A Bloore                                      2023                 224,354                            –                     24,806        249,160




For personal use only
                                                                       2022                 235,529                            –                     23,291        258,820
                         M Somerville                                  2023                 232,071                            –                     24,111        256,182
                                                                       2022                 232,407                            –                     23,245        255,652
                         Total                                         2023               1,303,466                       9,505                      85,767      1,398,738
                                                                       2022               1,322,359                       2,880                      69,180      1,394,419

                        (1) Directors’ fees include mandated superannuation guarantee contributions in line with the superannuation opt out rules.
                        (2) Director fees include Board and committee fees received in cash.
                        (3) Non-monetary benefits include Company funded benefits and fringe benefits tax payable on those benefits, typically car parking.
                        (4) Partial year due to delayed opt-out form submission for change in maximum superannuation contribution cap for 2023.


                        Equity holdings of non-executive directors
                                   Name                                                                       Opening          Changes              Closing        Balance
                                                                                                              balance            during             balance    as at report
                                                                                                                               the year                       sign-off date


                         A Griffiths                                                                          100,000                       –       100,000        100,000
                         E Flynn                                                                                49,021                      –        49,021         49,021
                         J Selak                                                                              149,727                    5,587      155,314        155,314
                         A Bloore                                                                               17,190                      –        17,190         17,190
                         M Somerville                                                                           10,840                      –        10,840         10,840

                        Terms of appointment
                        All NEDs have letters of appointment detailing the terms under which they are engaged. The term of appointment for each is
                        open-ended, subject to the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 and the Company’s Constitution. Under the Constitution,
                        one-third of directors must retire from office each year and may seek re-election by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting
                        of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 83
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        5. Company performance and remuneration impacts
                        In considering the Group’s financial performance and impacts on shareholder wealth for the residual LTI (excluding for the 2020
                        financial year as no LTI was awarded in respect of the year ended 30 June 2020), and for the EEP determination, the Committee
                        has regard to the following financial metrics in respect of the current financial year and the previous four financial years.

                        Five-year Group performance
                                                                                                   2023              2022              2021              2020                 2019
                         Profitability measures
                         Profit/(loss) attributable to the shareholders of Insignia                 51.4              36.8           (142.6)            141.2                 28.6
                         Financial Ltd ($m)
                         Basic EPS (cents per share)                                                 7.8               5.7             (24.2)            40.3                  8.1
                         UNPAT ($m)    (1)
                                                                                                  194.9             234.5             147.8             128.8             198.0
                         UNPAT EPS (cents per share)                                                29.6              36.1             25.1              36.8                 56.5




For personal use only
                         Share information

                         Share price at start of year                                             $2.69             $4.27             $4.92             $5.17             $8.99
                         Share price at end of year                                               $2.82             $2.69             $4.27             $4.92             $5.17
                         Change in share price                                                    $0.13            $(1.58)           $(0.65)           $(0.25)           $(3.82)
                         Dividends per share (cents per share)                                      19.8              23.6             23.0              34.5                 37.5
                         Ratios
                         Return on equity (statutory measure)(2)                                  2.17%            1.50%             (5.74%)           8.28%             1.57%
                         Return on equity (non-statutory measure)(2)                              8.24%            9.52%             5.96%             7.59%            10.90%
                         Total shareholder return                                                 12.2%            (31.5%)            (8.5%)             1.8%           (36.8%)
                         STIs paid to KMP
                         Total STIs paid to KMP ($000s)                                             342               426               434               173                 143

                        (1) UNPAT is reconciled to profit attributable to owners of the Company in the Operating and financial review section of the Directors’ report.
                        (2) Return on equity is calculated by dividing profit and UNPAT attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd by average equity during
                            the year.




                        84 | Financial report
                        6. Key management personnel remuneration – additional statutory disclosure
                        The following table sets out the remuneration received by KMP for the year ended 30 June 2023. The share-based payments
                        shown below are not amounts actually received by KMP during the year, as in accordance with accounting standards, they
                        include accounting values for unvested share awards.

                                                                              Short-term benefits         Post-     Share-based
                                                                                                        employ-       payments(2)
                                                                                                          ment                                                Component
                                                                                                                                                                as a % of
                                                                   Salary     Bonus –   Non-        Super-         Performance                                      total
                         Element of remuneration                                cash monetary(1) annuation               rights               Total         remuneration
                         Component of remuneration                  Fixed    Variable         Fixed        Fixed         Variable                      Fixed       Variable(3)
                                                                        $            $            $            $                $                 $        %              %
                         R Mota               2023            1,315,062              –      12,775       25,292          570,484        1,923,613         70             30
                                              2022             1,280,758             –       3,083       23,568          535,374        1,842,783         71             29




For personal use only
                         D Chalmers           2023              815,112              –       8,746       25,292          306,018        1,155,168          74            26
                                              2022              796,323              –       3,083       23,575          166,050          989,031         83             17
                         F Lombardo           2023              745,908              –       3,732       25,292          253,931        1,028,863         75             25
                                              2022              705,663              –       3,083       23,568          236,575          968,889         76             24
                         D Whereat            2023              552,517              –      13,877       25,292          196,671          788,357         75             25
                                              2022              540,133              –       5,899       23,575          124,886          694,493         82             18
                         M Oliver             2023              624,276              –      13,034       25,292          192,249          854,851         78             22
                                              2022              504,864              –       5,899       23,568          117,644          651,975         82             18
                         G Mulcahy   (4)(5)
                                              2023              733,572      342,000         6,259             –         140,809        1,222,640          61            39
                                              2022              660,769      326,000        10,574             –          58,498        1,055,841         64             36
                         A Saxena(7)          2023              199,927              –           59       6,323                 –         206,309        100               –
                                              2022                      –            –            –            –                –                 –         –              –
                         Former KMP
                         L Stewart(6)         2023              627,905              –            –      25,292           93,121          746,318         88             12
                                              2022              611,125      100,000              –      23,568           50,596          785,289         81             19
                         Total                2023            5,614,279      342,000        58,482     158,075        1,753,283         7,926,119
                                              2022             5,099,635     426,000        31,621     141,422         1,289,623        6,988,301

                        (1) Non-monetary benefits include Company funded benefits and fringe benefits tax payable on those benefits, typically car parking.
                        (2) Share-based payments include accruals in relation to the Executive Performance Share Plans (LTI & EEP) and accruals in relation to other grants
                            of performance rights over shares in the Company. The value of the number of shares and options expected to vest has been apportioned over the
                            term from grant date to vesting date. STIs awarded in deferred shares are also shown here.
                        (3) As payment of the variable component is at the discretion of the Board, the minimum value is nil and the maximum is the total amount paid.
                        (4) Amounts represent payments relating to the period during which the individuals were identified as KMP.
                        (5) G Mulcahy’s STI amounts represent cash accruals in the current and prior year. No superannuation was paid in respect of G Mulcahy as they are
                            a member of a defined benefit plan which is in a payment holiday. Disclosure of the defined benefit plan is made in Note 31 Defined benefit plan.
                            Payment in lieu of superannuation contributions exceeding the maximum contribution base are included in salary.
                        (6) L Stewart ceased their KMP duties effective 16 December 2022. 2022 STI represents a postponed 2020 retention incentive, paid in July 2021.
                        (7) A Saxena was appointed as a KMP effective 27 March 2023.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 85
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        7. Other information
                        Equity holdings
                        The table below sets out details of deferred shares and rights that were granted to KMP during 2023 or in prior years and that
                        then vested, were exercised/sold or which lapsed/were forfeited during 2022.

                         Name                    Type of instrument                         Grant                      Fair value per right       Number granted(1)
                                                                                            date                             at grant date


                         CEO and Managing Director

                         R Mota(4)               2023 Executive Equity Plan                 14-Dec-22                                $2.45                 527,261
                                                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                 4-Mar-22                                 $2.72                 351,426
                                                 2021 Executive Equity Plan                 18-Dec-20                                $2.29                 239,597
                                                 2020 LTI performance rights                17-Dec-19                                $5.90                  75,000
                                                 2019 LTI performance rights                26-Sep-18                                $4.93                  50,000




For personal use only
                         Total R Mota
                         Current KMP
                         D Chalmers              2023 Executive Equity Plan                 14-Dec-22                                $2.45                 248,507
                                                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                 4-Mar-22                                 $2.72                 165,504
                                                 2021 Executive Equity Plan                 18-Dec-20                                $2.29                 119,799
                         Total D Chalmers
                         F Lombardo              2023 Executive Equity Plan                 14-Dec-22                                $2.45                 227,406
                                                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                 4-Mar-22                                 $2.72                 131,232
                                                 2021 Executive Equity Plan                 18-Dec-20                                $2.29                  82,262
                                                 2020 LTI performance rights                17-Dec-19                                $5.90                  44,000
                                                 2019 LTI performance rights                26-Sep-18                                $4.93                  44,000
                         Total F Lombardo
                         D Whereat               2023 Executive Equity Plan                 14-Dec-22                                $2.45                 171,021
                                                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                 4-Mar-22                                 $2.72                 113,790
                                                 2021 Executive Equity Plan                 18-Dec-20                                $2.29                  54,908
                                                 2020 LTI performance rights                17-Dec-19                                $5.90                  10,000
                                                 2019 LTI performance rights                26-Sep-18                                $4.93                  10,000
                         Total D Whereat
                         M Oliver                2023 Executive Equity Plan                 14-Dec-22                                $2.45                 171,687
                                                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                 4-Mar-22                                 $2.72                 103,528
                                                 2021 Executive Equity Plan                 18-Dec-20                                $2.29                  49,916
                                                 2020 LTI performance rights                17-Dec-19                                $5.90                  10,000
                                                 2019 LTI performance rights                26-Sep-18                                $4.93                  10,000
                         Total M Oliver
                         G Mulcahy               2023 Executive Equity Plan                 14-Dec-22                                $2.45                 149,535
                                                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                 4-Mar-22                                 $2.72                 102,293
                         Total G Mulcahy
                         Former KMP
                         L Stewart(3)            2023 Executive Equity Plan                 14-Dec-22                                $2.45                  77,026
                                                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                 4-Mar-22                                 $2.72                  51,267
                                                 2021 Executive Equity Plan                 18-Dec-20                                $2.29                  37,138
                         Total L Stewart                                                                                                                    81,398
                         Total KMP

                        (1) Exercise price at grant date is $nil.
                        (2) Vested rights are in holding lock for 12 months beyond the completion of the performance period.
                        (3) L Stewart ceased their KMP duties effective 16 December 2022.
                        (4) R Mota consequence adjustment of 15% of annualised performance outcomes, adjustment was agreed and approved post the release of the
                            annual financial report for 2022.



                        86 | Financial report
                        Opening balance      Granted as   Exercised/     Forfeited/   Closing balance       Financial year
                                          compensation       vested(2)      lapsed                        of performance
                                                                                                               period end



                                     –         527,261             –             –           527,261                 2026
                               311,027               –             –       (45,838)          265,189                 2025
                               239,597               –             –             –           239,597                 2024
                                75,000               –      (37,500)       (37,500)                –                 2022
                                25,000               –             –       (25,000)                –                 2021




For personal use only
                               650,624         527,261      (37,500)      (108,338)        1,032,047


                                     –         248,507             –             –           248,507                 2026
                               146,478               –             –             –           146,478                 2025
                               119,799               –             –             –           119,799                 2024
                               266,277         248,507             –             –          514,784
                                     –         227,406             –             –           227,406                 2026
                               116,146               –             –             –           116,146                 2025
                                82,262               –             –             –            82,262                 2024
                                44,000               –      (22,000)       (22,000)                –                 2022
                                22,000               –             –       (22,000)                –                 2021
                               264,408         227,406      (22,000)       (44,000)         425,814
                                     –         171,021             –             –           171,021                 2026
                               101,946               –             –             –           101,946                 2025
                                54,908               –             –             –            54,908                 2024
                                10,000               –        (5,000)       (5,000)                –                 2022
                                 5,000               –             –        (5,000)                –                 2021
                               171,854         171,021        (5,000)      (10,000)         327,875
                                     –         171,687             –             –           171,687                 2026
                                95,021               –             –             –            95,021                 2025
                                49,916               –             –             –            49,916                 2024
                                10,000               –        (5,000)       (5,000)                –                 2022
                                 5,000               –             –        (5,000)                –                 2021
                               159,937         171,687        (5,000)      (10,000)         316,624
                                     –         149,535             –             –           149,535                 2026
                                88,310               –             –             –            88,310                 2025
                                88,310         149,535             –             –          237,845


                                     –          77,026             –             –            77,026                 2026
                                44,260               –             –             –            44,260                 2025
                                37,138               –             –             –            37,138                 2024
                                81,398          77,026             –             –          158,424
                             1,682,808       1,572,443      (69,500)      (172,338)        3,013,413




                                                                                                        Financial report | 87
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        The relevant interest of KMP and related parties in the shares issued by the Company, is as follows:

                         Ordinary shares(1)                                                                   Opening      Received on       Net other   Closing
                                                                                                              balance        vesting of        change    balance
                                                                                                                          performance
                                                                                                                                 rights(2)
                                                                                                                    No.              No.          No.        No.
                         CEO and Managing Director
                         R Mota(3)                                                              2023          372,328            37,500             –    409,828
                                                                                                2022          347,328            25,000             –    372,328
                         Current KMP
                         F Lombardo(3)                                                          2023          122,576            22,000             –    144,576
                                                                                                2022          100,576            22,000             –    122,576




For personal use only
                         D Whereat                                                              2023            15,000            5,000             –     20,000
                                                                                                2022            10,000            5,000             –     15,000
                         M Oliver                                                               2023             5,000            5,000           373     10,373
                                                                                                2022                  –           5,000             –      5,000

                        (1) The equity holding for the above individuals is inclusive of both direct and indirect shareholdings.
                        (2) Rights that vested in 2022 are in holding lock for 12 months beyond the completion of the performance period.
                        (3) R Mota’s and F Lombardo’s current shareholdings also include holdings in the name of related parties.
                        (4) A Saxena, G Mulcahy and D Chalmers all have nil shareholdings.


                        Contract terms
                        The term of each KMP’s contract is ongoing. Either Insignia Financial or the individual KMP (excluding the CEO) can terminate
                        their contract on six months’ notice. In the case of the CEO, either Insignia Financial or the CEO can terminate his contract on
                        12 months’ notice.

                        In the case of termination of employment, Insignia Financial may elect to make a payment in lieu of part or all of the notice
                        periods, incorporating unpaid leave entitlements and pro-rated entitlement to EEP (if applicable). The Board has discretion
                        regarding treatment of unvested short and long-term incentives received under the previous remuneration framework.

                        Payments to persons before taking office
                        No director or member of senior management appointed during the year received a payment as part of his or her consideration
                        for agreeing to hold the position.

                        This report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors made pursuant to Section 298(2) of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.

                        The Remuneration report is prepared and audited in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        It forms part of the Directors’ report.




                        John Selak
                        Group People & Remuneration Committee Chair

                        24 August 2023




                        88 | Financial report
                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
                        Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                         To the Directors of Insignia Financial Ltd

                         I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Insignia Financial Ltd for
                         the financial year ended 30 June 2023 there have been:




For personal use only
                                 i.      no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations
                                         Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                                 ii.     no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                         KPMG                                                         Chris Wooden

                                                                                      Partner

                                                                                      Melbourne

                                                                                      24 August 2023




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                        with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and
                        logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by
                        a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 89
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                                                                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                                                     Note               $m                $m
                         Continuing operations
                         Revenue                                                                                                         3         1,948.4           2,148.8
                         Expenses                                                                                                        4         (1,897.4)        (2,085.5)
                         Impairment expense                                                                                                            (3.5)             (7.8)
                         Share of profit of associates                                                                                 26               9.4             13.4
                         Finance costs                                                                                                                (54.2)            (29.3)
                         Profit before tax and statutory funds from continuing operations                                                               2.7             39.6
                         Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                                                    5              1.5             (12.0)
                         Profit after tax before statutory funds from continuing operations                                                             4.2             27.6
                         Statutory funds revenue*                                                                                      30              55.5               7.6




For personal use only
                         Statutory funds expenses*                                                                                     30             (27.1)            (30.8)
                         Statutory funds income tax (expense)/benefit*                                                                 30             (28.4)            23.2
                         Statutory funds contribution to profit/(loss), net of tax                                                                        –                 –
                         Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                                 4.2             27.6
                         Discontinued operations
                         Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                               28              47.0               9.2
                         Profit for the year                                                                                                           51.2             36.8
                         Other comprehensive income
                         Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                         Change in fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income                                                   (0.7)             (0.5)
                         Remeasurements of defined benefit asset                                                                                        1.5               4.4
                         Income tax related                                                                                                            (0.2)             (1.2)
                                                                                                                                                        0.6               2.7
                         Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                         Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                                                                         1.3               0.2
                         Income tax related                                                                                                            (0.4)                –
                                                                                                                                                        0.9               0.2
                         Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                                                     1.5               2.9
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                       52.7             39.7
                         Profit attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd                                                             51.4             36.8
                         Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                              (0.2)                –
                         Profit for the year                                                                                                           51.2             36.8
                         Total comprehensive income attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd                                         52.9             39.7
                         Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                          (0.2)                –
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                       52.7             39.7
                         Earnings per share
                         Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                                7              7.8               5.7
                         Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                              7              7.8               5.7
                         Earnings per share – continuing operations
                         Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                                7              0.7               4.3
                         Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                              7              0.7               4.3
                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 95 to 146.
                        * A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. The funds operated by IOOF Ltd, and any
                           trusts controlled by those funds, are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds are required
                           to be consolidated in accordance with accounting standards.



                        90 | Financial report
                        Consolidated statement of financial position
                        As at 30 June 2023


                                                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                                          Note       $m              $m
                         Assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                          8     505.6            518.0
                         Receivables                                                                        9     268.7            685.3
                         Other financial assets                                                            10     282.3          1,239.8
                         Current tax assets                                                                        33.8             43.2
                         Other assets                                                                              36.6             28.0
                         Assets classified as held for sale                                                29    1,148.0            76.6
                         Property and equipment                                                            11     146.0            208.1
                         Net defined benefit asset                                                         31      21.3             20.1
                         Associates                                                                        26      59.1             88.5




For personal use only
                         Intangible assets                                                                 12    2,503.4         2,606.7
                         Total assets                                                                            5,004.8        5,514.3
                         Liabilities
                         Payables                                                                          13     195.8            467.2
                         Other financial liabilities                                                       14      20.1          1,108.2
                         Provisions                                                                        16     365.2            545.7
                         Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                    29    1,105.4            10.2
                         Lease liabilities                                                                 15     161.8            189.4
                         Borrowings                                                                        18     775.6            771.3
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                           5      51.1             21.4
                         Total liabilities                                                                       2,675.0        3,113.4
                         Net assets                                                                              2,329.8        2,400.9
                         Equity
                         Share capital                                                                     19    3,036.1         3,013.6
                         Reserves                                                                          20        4.6             5.0
                         Accumulated losses                                                                       (710.4)         (617.5)
                         Total equity attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd                 2,330.3         2,401.1
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                   (0.5)            (0.2)
                         Total equity                                                                            2,329.8        2,400.9

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 95 to 146.




                                                                                                                      Financial report | 91
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                         For the year ended 30 June 2023            Ordinary        Treasury        Reserves      Accumulated     Total         Non-      Total equity
                                                                      shares          shares                           losses              controlling
                                                                                                                                             interest
                                                                           $m             $m              $m             $m         $m            $m              $m
                         Balance at 1 July 2022                       3,017.2             (3.6)           5.0         (617.5)   2,401.1           (0.2)       2,400.9
                         Total comprehensive income
                         for the year
                         Profit for the year attributable to                 –               –              –           51.4      51.4            (0.2)          51.2
                         owners of the Company
                         Other comprehensive income for                      –               –            0.4            1.1        1.5             –             1.5
                         the year, net of income tax
                         Total comprehensive income for                      –               –            0.4           52.5      52.9            (0.2)          52.7
                         the year
                         Transactions with owners,
                         recorded directly in equity




For personal use only
                         Issue of shares under dividend                  26.2                –              –              –      26.2              –            26.2
                         reinvestment plan
                         Purchase of treasury shares                         –            (4.9)             –              –       (4.9)            –             (4.9)
                         Capital return                                      –               –              –              –          –           (0.1)           (0.1)
                         Dividends paid                                      –               –              –         (146.2)    (146.2)            –          (146.2)
                         Share-based payments expense                        –               –            3.9              –        3.9             –             3.9
                         Release on disposal of subsidiaries                 –               –            (2.7)            –       (2.7)            –             (2.7)
                         Transfer from employee equity-                    1.2               –            (1.2)            –          –             –               –
                         settled benefits reserve on exercise
                         of performance rights
                         Treasury shares transferred to                   (1.3)           1.3               –              –          –             –               –
                         recipients during the year
                         Transfer of lapsed performance                      –               –            (0.8)          0.8          –             –               –
                         rights to retained earnings
                         Total transactions with owners                  26.1             (3.6)           (0.8)       (145.4)    (123.7)          (0.1)        (123.8)
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                      3,043.3             (7.2)           4.6         (710.4)   2,330.3           (0.5)       2,329.8

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 95 to 146.




                        92 | Financial report
                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                         For the year ended 30 June 2022            Ordinary        Treasury       Reserves       Accumulated     Total         Non-      Total equity
                                                                      shares          shares                           losses              controlling
                                                                                                                                             interest
                                                                           $m             $m              $m             $m         $m            $m              $m
                         Balance at 1 July 2021                       3,000.6             (4.6)           3.8         (506.6)   2,493.2           (0.2)       2,493.0
                         Total comprehensive loss
                         for the year
                         Profit for the year attributable                    –              –               –           36.8      36.8              –            36.8
                         to owners of the Company
                         Other comprehensive income                          –              –             (0.1)          3.0        2.9             –             2.9
                         for the year, net of income tax
                         Total comprehensive loss                            –              –             (0.1)         39.8      39.7              –            39.7
                         for the year
                         Transactions with owners, recorded
                         directly in equity




For personal use only
                         Issue of shares                                 16.4               –               –              –      16.4              –            16.4
                         Dividends paid                                      –              –               –         (151.1)    (151.1)            –          (151.1)
                         Share-based payments expense                        –              –             2.9              –        2.9             –             2.9
                         Transfer from employee equity-                    1.2              –             (1.2)            –          –             –               –
                         settled benefits reserve on exercise
                         of performance rights
                         Treasury shares transferred                      (1.0)           1.0               –              –          –             –               –
                         to recipients during the year
                         Transfer from foreign currency                      –              –             (0.4)          0.4          –             –               –
                         translation reserve to retained
                         earnings
                         Total transactions with owners                  16.6             1.0             1.3         (150.7)    (131.8)            –          (131.8)
                         Balance at 30 June 2022                      3,017.2             (3.6)           5.0         (617.5)   2,401.1           (0.2)       2,400.9

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 95 to 146.




                                                                                                                                                  Financial report | 93
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Consolidated statement of cash flows
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                                                                                                                    2023        2022
                                                                                                          Note        $m          $m
                         Cash flows from operating activities
                         Receipts from customers                                                                 1,930.2     2,228.6
                         Payments to suppliers and employees                                                     (1,603.6)   (1,826.5)
                         Dividends from associates                                                                  11.3        12.0
                         Remediation costs                                                                        (160.3)     (257.1)
                         Transformation and integration costs                                                     (161.8)     (116.4)
                         Legal settlements paid                                                                      (2.9)       (8.1)
                         Income taxes (paid)/refunded                                                               20.8        (37.7)
                         Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities from the corporate group               33.7         (5.2)
                         Receipts from customers                                                                      2.3         2.4




For personal use only
                         Payments to suppliers and employees                                                         (8.1)       (7.8)
                         Contributions received                                                                     77.2       107.1
                         Withdrawal payments                                                                      (137.2)     (123.0)
                         Dividends and distributions received                                                         2.3         0.9
                         Net payments for financial instruments                                                     67.8        22.3
                         Amounts advanced to / (received from) other entities                                       14.2          5.9
                         Income taxes (paid)/refunded                                                               (15.9)       (8.1)
                         Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities from the statutory funds                 2.6        (0.3)
                         Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                8       36.3         (5.5)
                         Cash flows from investing activities
                         Dividends and distributions received                                                         0.4         0.3
                         Interest received                                                                          21.9          5.1
                         Proceeds from divestment of subsidiaries                                                  132.6          1.4
                         Proceeds from divestment of associates                                                     30.1            –
                         Net proceeds on purchase and sales of financial and other assets                               –         1.4
                         Net payments for financial instruments                                                     (14.9)      (29.3)
                         Payments for property and equipment                                                         (5.4)      (20.4)
                         Net payments for intangible assets                                                         (14.1)      (26.8)
                         Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                       150.6        (68.3)
                         Cash flows from financing activities
                         Drawdown of borrowings (net of borrowing costs)                                           782.4       194.0
                         Repayment of borrowings (principal)                                                      (791.3)       (80.0)
                         Interest and other costs of finance paid                                                   (34.9)      (15.1)
                         Repayment of lease liabilities                                                             (41.0)      (30.3)
                         Early lease incentive received                                                             25.0            –
                         Share-based payment purchases                                                               (4.9)          –
                         Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                                  (120.0)     (134.7)
                         Net cash used in financing activities                                                    (184.7)       (66.1)
                         Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                         2.2     (139.9)
                         Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                        518.0       670.7
                         Reclassified to assets held for sale during the year                                       (14.6)      (12.8)
                         Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                                       8      505.6       518.0

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 95 to 146.




                        94 | Financial report
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                        Section 1 – Basis of preparation

                           This section sets out the Group’s accounting policies that relate to the financial statements as
                           a whole. Where an accounting policy is specific to a single note, the policy is described in the
                           note to which it relates. This section also shows new accounting standards, amendments and
                           interpretations, and whether they are effective in 2023 or later years. The expected impact of
                           these changes to the financial position and performance of the Group is explained in this section.


                        1 Basis of preparation                                           (b) Basis of measurement
                        Reporting entity                                                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
                        Insignia Financial Ltd (‘the Company’) is a public company       on the historical cost basis except for the following material




For personal use only
                        listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (trading            items in the statement of financial position:
                        under the symbol ‘IFL’), domiciled in Australia. The             • financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
                        consolidated financial statements of the Company for the            are measured at fair value;
                        year ended 30 June 2023 comprise the Company and its             • equity investments at fair value through other
                        controlled entities (collectively, the Group or the Insignia        comprehensive income are measured at fair value; and
                        Financial Group).
                                                                                         • assets classified as held for sale are measured at the
                        The Insignia Financial Group is a for-profit entity. The            lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
                        principal activities of the Group areas follows.
                                                                                         The statement of financial position is presented in order
                        • Platforms: Offering a wide range of superannuation             of liquidity.
                           and investment solutions to clients including investors,
                                                                                         (c) Functional and presentation currency
                           members, employers and advisers.
                                                                                         These consolidated financial statements are presented
                        • Advice: Providing quality financial advice that is
                                                                                         in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s functional
                           accessible, affordable and engaging for Australians. The
                                                                                         currency.
                           business helps clients navigate their way through a range
                           of financial services and solutions and educates clients to   (d) Rounding of amounts
                           improve their financial wellbeing.                            The Company is a company of the kind referred to in ASIC
                        • Asset Management: Providing investment management              Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
                           services to institutional, retail and direct clients across   Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016, and in
                           a diverse range of asset classes and product constructs.      accordance with that instrument amounts in the financial
                                                                                         report are rounded off to the nearest one hundred
                        The Company’s registered office and its principal place
                                                                                         thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.
                        of business is Level 1, 800 Bourke Street, Docklands
                        Victoria 3008.                                                   (e) Use of estimates and judgements
                        Basis of preparation                                             Management is required to make judgements, estimates
                                                                                         and assumptions that affect the application of accounting
                        (a) Statement of compliance
                                                                                         policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
                        These general purpose financial statements have been             income and expenses. Actual results may differ from
                        prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting                these estimates.
                        Standards (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting
                        Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations Act 2001. The        Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
                        consolidated financial statements comply with International      an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
                        Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the              recognised in the year in which the estimates are revised
                        International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                 and in any future years affected.

                        The annual financial report was approved by the Board
                        of Directors on 24 August 2023.




                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 95
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        Information about critical judgements in applying                Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the
                        accounting policies, assumptions and estimation                  consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition-
                        uncertainties that may have a significant effect on the          date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and
                        amounts recognised in the financial statements is included       the liabilities assumed. Goodwill is tested annually
                        in the following notes:                                          for impairment.
                        • Note 12 – Intangible assets;                                   If the initial accounting for a business combination is
                        • Note 16 – Provisions;                                          incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
                        • Note 21 – Commitments and contingencies;                       combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts
                                                                                         for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those
                        • Note 23 – Fair value information;
                                                                                         provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement
                        • Note 28 – Discontinued operations;                             period (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition
                        • Note 31 – Defined benefit plan; and                            date), or additional assets or liabilities are recognised,
                        • Note 32 – Share-based payments.                                to reflect new information obtained about facts and
                                                                                         circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date.




For personal use only
                        (f) Other significant accounting policies
                                                                                         Non-controlling interests
                        Significant accounting policies have been included in the
                                                                                         Non-controlling interests (NCI) are measured at their
                        relevant notes to which the policies relate. Other significant
                                                                                         proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets
                        accounting policies are listed below.
                                                                                         at the acquisition date. Changes in the Group’s interest
                        Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified               in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
                        to conform with the current year’s presentation.                 accounted for as equity transactions.
                        Basis of consolidation                                           Subsidiaries
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the            Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group
                        assets and liabilities of all controlled subsidiaries of the     controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to,
                        Company as at 30 June 2023 and the results of all controlled     variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
                        subsidiaries for the year then ended. This includes the          has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
                        statutory funds of its subsidiary, IOOF Ltd, and any             the entity. The financial performance of subsidiaries are
                        controlled trusts.                                               included in the consolidated results of the Group from the
                        The statutory funds and any trusts controlled by those           date control commences until the date control ceases.
                        funds are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the      Loss of control
                        Life Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds are shown
                                                                                         When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it
                        separately from shareholder funds in the notes to the
                                                                                         derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and
                        financial statements.
                                                                                         any related non-controlling interests and other components
                        Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds for information in relation     of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit
                        to the different accounting treatment of investment              or loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is
                        contracts with discretionary participating features.             measured at fair value when control is lost.

                        Business combinations                                            Treasury shares
                        The Group accounts for business combinations using the           Treasury shares are held by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust, a
                        acquisition method. Consideration transferred and net            subsidiary of the Group. IOOF Equity Plans Trust administers
                        assets identified are measured at fair value. Transaction        the Group’s employee share schemes. Treasury shares are
                        costs are expensed as incurred except if related to the issue    deducted from share capital.
                        of debt or equity securities.

                        Any contingent consideration payable is recognised at fair
                        value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration
                        is classified as equity, it is not remeasured and settlement
                        is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent
                        changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration
                        are recognised in profit or loss.




                        96 | Financial report
                        Transactions eliminated on consolidation                          Cash flows are presented in the statement of cash flows
                        Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised         on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising
                        income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions,        from investing or financing activities which are recoverable
                        are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial            from, or payable to, the Australian Taxation Office are
                        statements. Unrealised gains arising from transactions            presented as operating cash flows.
                        with equity accounted investees are eliminated against            (g) New accounting standards and amendments
                        the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the       to accounting standards issued but not yet effective
                        investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way
                                                                                          AASB 17 Insurance contracts
                        as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no
                        evidence of impairment. Dividends paid to the IOOF Equity         AASB 17 Insurance Contracts replaces AASB 4 Insurance
                        Plans Trust are also eliminated.                                  Contracts and similarly applies to insurance contracts.
                                                                                          The classification of insurance contracts is similar to
                        Foreign currency transactions                                     AASB 4 Insurance Contracts however unbundling rule
                        Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at              changes may mean some contract components now need




For personal use only
                        the foreign exchange rate prevailing at the date of the           to be measured under AASB 17 Insurance Contracts.
                        transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
                                                                                          AASB 17 Insurance Contracts establishes principles for the
                        foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are translated
                                                                                          recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
                        to Australian dollars at the foreign exchange rate prevailing
                                                                                          insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held.
                        at that date. Foreign exchange differences arising on
                                                                                          It requires similar principles to be applied to investment
                        translation are recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary
                                                                                          contracts with discretionary participation features if the
                        assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical
                                                                                          entity issues insurance contracts.
                        cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
                        rate at the date of the transaction.                              The Group has exited all insurance contracts previously held
                                                                                          with members during the year. At 30 June 2023 the Group
                        Foreign operations
                                                                                          has no in force insurance contracts and AASB 17 Insurance
                        The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including       Contracts is not expected to be applicable in future
                        goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation,     reporting periods.
                        are translated to Australian dollars at foreign exchange
                        rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. The revenue and       Other standards and amendments
                        expenses of foreign operations are translated to Australian       A number of other new accounting standards and
                        dollars at rates approximating the foreign exchange               amendments to accounting standards have been issued
                        rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign        but are not yet effective, have not been early adopted by the
                        currency differences are recognised in the foreign currency       Group. These standards and amendments to accounting
                        translation reserve.                                              standards, when applied in future periods, are not expected
                                                                                          to have a material impact on the financial position or
                        Goods and service tax
                                                                                          performance of the Group.
                        Revenues, expenses and assets (excluding receivables)
                        are recorded net of goods and service tax (GST). GST
                        input tax credits are initially recorded as an asset and
                        GST collected as a liability. These balances are offset as
                        at the reporting date and recognised as either an amount
                        receivable or payable to the Australian Taxation Office.
                        The GST portion relating to financial supplies and non-
                        deductible expenditure, for which an input tax credit cannot
                        be claimed, is expensed or is recognised as part of the cost
                        of acquisition of an asset.

                        Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount
                        of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST
                        recoverable from, or payable to, the Australian Taxation
                        Office is included with other receivables or payables in the
                        statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 97
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                        Section 2 – Results for the year

                           This section focuses on the results and performance of the Group. On the following pages you
                           will find disclosures explaining the Group’s segment information, results for the year, taxation,
                           dividends and earnings per share.


                        2 Operating segments                                          Corporate
                        Basis of segmentation                                         The Corporate segment comprises group functions
                                                                                      required to support the Group and operating segments.
                        The Insignia Financial Group has four reportable segments:
                                                                                      Activities performed by the segment are of a strategic,
                        Platforms, Advice, Asset Management and Corporate. This is
                                                                                      shareholder or governance nature and reflect centralised
                        determined based on the Group’s internal reporting to the
                                                                                      corporate expenses.




For personal use only
                        chief operating decision maker which is the Group’s Chief
                        Executive Officer.                                            Underlying net profit after tax
                        Platforms                                                     Segment performance is measured based on segment
                                                                                      underlying net profit after tax (UNPAT) as discussed
                        The Platforms segment offers a wide range of
                                                                                      in the Operating and financial review section of the
                        superannuation and investment solutions to clients
                                                                                      Directors’ report.
                        including investors, members, employers and advisers.
                                                                                      UNPAT adjustments are determined by management to
                        Advice
                                                                                      be outside normal operating activities and are significant
                        The Advice segment provides quality financial advice that     in size. Management believes that UNPAT provides the most
                        is accessible, affordable and engaging for Australians. The   relevant information in evaluating the financial performance
                        business helps clients navigate their way through a range     of each segment from normal operating activities.
                        of financial services and solutions and educates clients
                        to improve their financial wellbeing.

                        Asset Management
                        The Asset Management segment provides investment
                        management services to institutional, retail and direct
                        clients across a diverse range of asset classes and
                        product constructs.




                        98 | Financial report
                                                                      Platforms               Advice                Asset                   Corporate                Total*
                                                                                                              Management
                                                             2023         2022      2023        2022       2023           2022      2023        2022       2023       2022
                                                              $m           $m        $m          $m         $m             $m        $m          $m         $m         $m
                         Management and service           1,089.9       1,194.7    518.3       585.9      227.9       264.7             –         0.1    1,836.1    2,045.4
                         fees revenue
                         Other fee revenue                   20.5         21.5      38.3        42.4         4.6          16.5          –           –      63.4        80.4
                         Share of profits of                     –            –         –        (1.3)       9.4          14.7          –           –        9.4       13.4
                         associates
                         Service fees and other            (137.5)       (159.6)   (357.1)    (409.6)      (55.5)         (99.1)     (2.5)          –     (552.6)    (668.3)
                         direct costs
                         Other revenue                       14.7           7.6       5.0        4.7         2.6              –       1.1         0.9      23.4        13.2
                         Inter-segment revenue                5.7           5.7       0.1        0.4        40.4          52.6          –           –      46.2        58.7
                         Inter-segment expenses             (40.5)        (52.9)        –        (0.1)      (5.7)          (5.7)        –           –      (46.2)     (58.7)




For personal use only
                         Net revenue from                   952.8       1,017.0    204.6      222.4       223.7       243.7          (1.4)        1.0    1,379.7    1,484.1
                         continuing operations
                         Operating expenses                (606.2)       (610.6)   (240.5)    (283.3)     (120.9)    (137.2)        (68.1)      (64.5) (1,035.7) (1,095.6)
                         Finance income                      14.9           4.5       0.7        0.1         0.4              –       6.0         0.4      22.0         5.0
                         Finance costs                        (2.2)        (2.1)     (1.6)       (1.3)      (0.8)          (0.7)    (49.6)      (25.2)     (54.2)     (29.3)
                         Share-based payments                 (1.9)        (1.7)     (0.9)       (0.8)      (0.4)          (0.2)     (0.7)       (0.1)      (3.9)       (2.8)
                         expense
                         Depreciation of property           (14.6)        (14.9)    (11.3)     (10.8)       (4.0)          (4.0)    (11.4)      (11.3)     (41.3)     (41.0)
                         & equipment
                         Amortisation of intangible           (2.1)        (0.7)        –           –          –           (0.2)     (0.5)       (0.3)      (2.6)       (1.2)
                         assets
                         Loss on disposal                        –            –         –           –          –           (3.3)        –           –          –        (3.3)
                         of subsidiaries
                         Impairment expenses                  (2.0)           –      (0.5)       (4.4)      (0.1)             –      (0.9)       (3.4)      (3.5)       (7.8)
                         Income tax (expense)/             (105.4)       (118.0)    15.4        22.8       (25.0)         (24.5)    45.0         35.6      (70.0)     (84.1)
                         benefit
                         Non-controlling interests               –            –       0.2           –          –              –         –           –        0.2          –
                         UNPAT from continuing              233.3        273.5      (33.9)     (55.3)       72.9          73.6      (81.6)      (67.8)    190.7      224.0
                         operations
                         UNPAT adjustments relating        (118.6)       (115.5)    (28.6)     (65.6)      (19.6)         (15.0)    (19.5)       (0.3)    (186.3)    (196.4)
                         to continuing operations
                         Non-controlling interests               –            –      (0.2)          –          –              –         –           –       (0.2)         –
                         Profit from continuing             114.7        158.0      (62.7)    (120.9)       53.3          58.6     (101.1)      (68.1)       4.2       27.6
                         operations
                         UNPAT from discontinued              4.2         10.5          –           –          –              –         –           –        4.2       10.5
                         operations
                         UNPAT for the year                 237.5        284.0      (33.9)     (55.3)       72.9          73.6      (81.6)      (67.8)    194.9      234.5
                         UNPAT adjustment relating           42.8          (1.3)        –           –          –              –         –           –      42.8         (1.3)
                         to discontinued operations
                         Profit for the year                161.7        167.2      (62.7)    (120.9)       53.3          58.6     (101.1)      (68.1)     51.2        36.8

                        *Revenue and expenses relating to the statutory funds are presented in Note 30 Statutory funds.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 99
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        3 Revenue
                                                                                                                                            2023           2022
                                                                                                                                             $m                 $m

                         Management and service fees revenue
                         Management and administration fees                                                                              1,214.3        1,365.3
                         Financial planning revenue                                                                                        512.3          576.6
                         Other management and service fees revenue                                                                         109.5          103.5
                         Management and service fees revenue                                                                             1,836.1        2,045.4
                         Other fee revenue
                         Stockbroking revenue                                                                                                4.5                5.3
                         Other                                                                                                              58.9           75.3
                         Other fee revenue                                                                                                  63.4           80.6




For personal use only
                         Finance income
                         Interest income on financial assets measured at fair value                                                          7.6                4.1
                         Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost                                                     14.4                0.9
                         Finance income                                                                                                     22.0                5.0
                         Other revenue
                         Net fair value gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                   3.6                4.4
                         Net gain on disposal of investments                                                                                 2.5                 –
                         Dividends and distributions income                                                                                  0.4                0.3
                         Sundry income                                                                                                      20.4           13.1
                         Other revenue                                                                                                      26.9           17.8
                         Total revenue                                                                                                   1,948.4        2,148.8

                        Accounting policies                                                        Other fee revenue
                        Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified                   Other fee revenue, which includes dealer fees, performance
                        in a contract with a customer. The Group recognises                        fees, and other fee revenue is recognised as performance
                        revenue when it transfers control over a good or service                   obligations are satisfied over time.
                        to a customer.
                                                                                                   Finance income
                        Management and service fees revenue                                        Finance income includes interest income earned on fixed
                        The Group provides management services to unit trusts and                  income investments measured at fair value and interest
                        funds operated by the Group at normal commercial rates.                    income recognised using the effective interest method
                        Management and service fees earned from the unit trusts                    on cash and cash equivalents.
                        and funds are calculated based on an agreed percentage of
                                                                                                   Dividend income
                        the respective funds under management or administration
                        as disclosed in the respective product disclosure statements               Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on
                        and are recognised as performance obligations are satisfied                the date that the Group’s right to receive payment is
                        over time.                                                                 established, which in the case of quoted securities is the
                                                                                                   ex-dividend date.
                        Revenue from the provision of financial planning services
                        together with revenue from the rendering of services
                        are recognised as performance obligations are satisfied
                        over time.




                        100 | Financial report
                        4 Expenses
                                                                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                                                                       $m              $m

                         Service fees expense                                                                                       501.0            608.4
                         Other direct costs                                                                                          51.6             60.1
                         Service fees and other direct costs                                                                        552.6            668.5
                         Salaries and related employee expenses (excluding superannuation)                                          657.1            684.1
                         Employee defined contribution plan superannuation expense                                                   55.0             50.7
                         Share-based payments expense                                                                                  3.9             2.8
                         Salaries and related employee expenses                                                                     716.0            737.6
                         Information technology costs                                                                               152.8            176.3
                         Information technology costs                                                                               152.8            176.3




For personal use only
                         Transformation and integration costs                                                                       161.8            116.4
                         Transformation and projects costs                                                                          161.8            116.4
                         Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                           82.8             85.8
                         Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                      41.3             41.0
                         Amortisation and depreciation expenses                                                                     124.1            126.8
                         Office support and administration                                                                           66.0             63.9
                         Professional fees                                                                                           58.0             73.4
                         Occupancy-related expenses                                                                                  14.8             27.3
                         Marketing                                                                                                   19.0             12.1
                         Travel and entertainment                                                                                      7.0             2.1
                         Administrative expenses                                                                                    164.8            178.8
                         Remediation costs                                                                                           19.1             67.1
                         Remediation costs                                                                                           19.1             67.1
                         Loss on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                –             3.3
                         Legal settlement and penalties                                                                                1.5             5.0
                         Other                                                                                                         4.7             5.7
                         Other expenses                                                                                                6.2            14.0
                         Total expenses                                                                                           1,897.4          2,085.5

                        Accounting policies                                                  Short-term employee benefits
                        Service fees and other direct costs                                  Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured
                        Service fees and other direct costs include amounts paid to          on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related
                        advisers, dealer groups and other suppliers in the course of         service is provided.
                        operating the products and services of the Group. Examples           A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid
                        of direct costs include custodian fees, audit services and           if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
                        the printing and mailing of client statements and other              to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by
                        communications. The values are recognised at the fair                the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
                        value of the consideration paid or payable for the goods
                        or services received.

                        Salaries and related employee expenses
                        These entitlements include salaries, wages, superannuation,
                        bonuses, overtime, allowances, annual and long service
                        leave, but exclude share-based payments. The accounting
                        policies for the major expense categories under this
                        definition are as follows.




                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 101
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        Short-term incentive plans                                       Shares held by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust will contribute to
                        A provision for employee benefits in the form of an incentive    the employee allocation of shares on satisfaction of vesting
                        plan is recognised when there is no realistic alternative        performance hurdles. The Group has no right to recall
                        but to settle the liability and at least one of the following    placed shares. A third party trustee company acts as the
                        conditions is met:                                               Trustee of the Trust.

                        • there are formal terms in the plan for determining the         Further information is included in Note 32
                           amount of the benefit;                                        Share-based payments.
                        • the amounts to be paid are determined before the time          Termination payments
                           of completion of the financial report; or
                                                                                         Termination benefits or redundancy costs are recognised
                        • past practice gives clear evidence of the amount               as an expense when the Group is committed demonstrably
                           of the obligation.                                            to a formal detailed plan without possibility of withdrawal,
                        Annual and long service leave benefits                           or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer
                                                                                         made to encourage voluntary redundancy.
                        The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee




For personal use only
                        benefits is the amount of future benefit that employees          Information technology expenses
                        have earned in return for their service in the current and       Information technology costs are expensed as they are
                        prior years plus related on-costs.                               incurred, with the exception of costs relating to licences
                        Liabilities for long-term benefits that are expected to be       and right of use, including Software as a Service (SaaS)
                        settled beyond 12 months are discounted using rates              arrangements.
                        attaching to high-quality corporate bonds which most             SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the
                        closely match the terms of maturity of the related liabilities   Group with the right to access a cloud provider’s application
                        at balance date.                                                 software over the contract period. The Group does not have
                        In determining the liability for employee entitlements,          control over the software nor can it restrict others’ access
                        consideration is given to future increases in wage and           to the benefits. Where configuration and customisation
                        salary rates, experience with employee departures and            costs are not distinct from the underlying use of the SaaS
                        years of service.                                                application software, they are capitalised as a prepayment
                                                                                         and expensed over the term of the SaaS contract. All
                        Employee defined contribution plan expense                       other costs are expensed through the statement of
                        A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit         comprehensive income.
                        plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into
                                                                                         Transformation and integration costs
                        a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive
                        obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for               Transformation and integration costs include expenses
                        contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised       recognised from activities associated with platform
                        in profit or loss in the years during which services are         simplification and separation of the MLC and ANZ
                        rendered by employees. Prepaid contributions are                 P&I businesses along with Evolve23 transition costs.
                        recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund          This includes external activities, project labour costs,
                        or a reduction in future payments is available.                  redundancy and termination costs, IT and other consultancy
                                                                                         fees and outsourced hosting services directly related to
                        Share-based payments expense                                     these activities.
                        The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards
                                                                                         Amortisation of intangible assets
                        granted to employees is recognised as a share-based
                        payment expense, with a corresponding increase in the            The value of intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill
                        share-based payments reserve, over the year that the             and brand names with indefinite useful lives, reduces over
                        employees unconditionally become entitled to the awards.         the number of years the Group expects to use the asset
                        The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to               (the useful economic life) via an annual amortisation charge
                        reflect the number of awards for which the related service       to profit and loss. The values and useful lives ascribed are
                        and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be             reflective of arms-length transactions and independent
                        met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an            expert advice thereon.
                        expense is based on the number of awards that meet the           Remediation costs
                        related service and non-market performance conditions
                                                                                         Remediation costs relate to customer compensation
                        at vesting date.
                                                                                         payments and program costs to complete work on the
                        The fair value at grant date is independently determined         Group’s various structured remediation programs. Payments
                        where considered appropriate.                                    to clients are recorded directly against the provision.



                        102 | Financial report
                        5 Income taxes
                                                                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                                                                       $m               $m

                            Current tax expense
                            Current year tax benefit                                                                                  (23.9)          (18.8)
                            Adjustment for prior years                                                                                 1.4              1.9
                            Taxable losses not recognised                                                                                 –             0.6
                            Current tax benefit (excluding statutory funds)*                                                          (22.5)          (16.3)
                            Deferred tax expense
                            Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                         21.6             28.6
                            Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the deferred tax of prior years                  (0.6)            (0.3)
                            Deferred tax expense (excluding statutory funds)*                                                         21.0             28.3




For personal use only
                            Income tax (benefit)/expense (excluding statutory funds)*                                                  (1.5)           12.0

                        *     Income tax expenses relating to the statutory funds are presented in Note 30 Statutory funds.


                                                                                                                              2023                     2022
                                                                                                                         %     $m        %              $m
                            Reconciliation of effective tax rate
                            Profit before tax and statutory funds from continuing operations                                   2.7                     39.6
                            Tax expense using domestic tax rate                                                       30.0     0.8    30.0             11.9
                            Tax effect of:
                             Non-assessable income/non-deductible expenses from                                                0.8                      0.6
                             statutory funds
                             Non-assessable income/non-deductible expenses                                                    (2.7)                     (2.3)
                             Impairment of investments                                                                         1.1                      2.3
                             Non-assessable income from the share of profits of associates                                    (1.4)                     (2.5)
                             Assessable associate dividends                                                                    1.5                      2.1
                             Revenue loss not recognised                                                                         –                      0.6
                             Imputation and foreign tax credits                                                               (1.0)                     (1.6)
                             Under/(over) provided in prior periods                                                            0.7                      1.6
                             Other                                                                                            (1.3)                     (0.7)
                            Income tax (benefit)/expense (excluding statutory funds)*                                (55.6)   (1.5)   30.3             12.0

                        *     Income tax expenses relating to the statutory funds are presented in Note 30 Statutory funds.


                        For statutory reporting purposes, the Group had an effective tax rate of (55.6%) on its continuing operations for the year ended
                        30 June 2023 (2022: 30.3%) compared to a statutory corporate tax rate of 30%.




                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 103
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                         Income tax recognised in other                                       2023                                  2022
                         comprehensive income
                                                                             Gross                   Tax     Net of tax    Gross           Tax     Net of tax
                                                                               $m                    $m             $m       $m            $m             $m
                         Financial assets measured at fair value               (0.7)                 0.2           (0.5)    (0.5)          0.2           (0.3)
                         through OCI
                         Remeasurement of defined benefit                       1.5                  (0.4)         1.1       4.4           (1.4)         3.0
                         asset
                         Exchange differences on translating                    1.3                  (0.4)         0.9       0.2             –           0.2
                         foreign operations
                         Income tax recognised in other                         2.1                  (0.6)         1.5       4.1           (1.2)         2.9
                         comprehensive income


                                                                                                                                       2023             2022




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                           $m            $m

                         Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                         Deferred tax assets from temporary differences
                         Salaries and related employee expenses                                                                        59.2             56.9
                         Provisions, accruals and creditors                                                                            52.2            105.1
                         Carry forward capital and revenue losses                                                                      13.8             14.3
                         Lease liability                                                                                               46.3             54.0
                         Other                                                                                                         11.5             15.0
                         Deferred tax asset balance as at 30 June                                                                     183.0            245.3
                         Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                                           (183.0)         (245.3)
                         Net deferred tax asset balance as at 30 June                                                                        –             –
                         Deferred tax liability from temporary differences
                         Unrealised gains – corporate                                                                                      7.2           6.9
                         Unrealised gains – statutory*                                                                                       –           (9.5)
                         Customer relationships                                                                                       180.9            200.3
                         Property and equipment                                                                                        40.3             51.4
                         Customer remediation indemnity                                                                                      –          12.2
                         Other                                                                                                             5.7           5.4
                         Deferred tax liability balance as at 30 June                                                                 234.1            266.7
                         Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                                (183.0)         (245.3)
                         Net deferred tax liability balance as at 30 June                                                              51.1             21.4




                        104 | Financial report
                                                                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                                                                       $m               $m

                            Reconciliation of deferred tax movements
                            Net deferred taxes at the beginning of the year                                                           (21.4)          (32.0)
                            Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                 1.4                 –
                            Charged to profit and loss                                                                                (23.0)          (28.0)
                            Credited/(charged) to profit and loss – statutory funds                                                    (9.5)           38.0
                            Temporary differences directly attributable to equity                                                      (0.6)            (1.2)
                            Discontinued operations                                                                                       –             0.5
                            Reclassification to held for sale                                                                          2.0              1.3
                            Net deferred taxes at the end of the year                                                                 (51.1)          (21.4)
                            Unrecognised deferred tax assets




For personal use only
                            Tax losses                                                                                                 5.3              5.3
                            Potential tax benefit at the Australian tax rate of 30%                                                    1.6              1.6

                        *     Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.


                        Accounting policies                                                   Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected
                        Income tax                                                            to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
                                                                                              based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively
                        Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Current
                                                                                              enacted by the reporting date.
                        and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except
                        to the extent that it relates to a business combination,              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is
                        or items recognised directly in equity or in other                    a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and
                        comprehensive income.                                                 liabilities and when deferred tax balances relate to the same
                                                                                              taxation authority.
                        Current tax
                        Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on              Tax consolidation
                        the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted              Insignia Financial Ltd and its wholly owned Australian
                        or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any               resident entities (including IOOF Ltd statutory funds) are
                        adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.               part of a tax-consolidated group under Australian taxation
                        Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.             law. As a consequence, all members of the tax-consolidated
                                                                                              group are taxed as a single entity.
                        Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain
                        criteria are met.

                        Deferred tax
                        Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary
                        differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                        and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
                        amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
                        recognised for:
                        • temporary differences on the initial recognition of
                              assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business
                              combination and that affects neither accounting nor
                              taxable profit or loss;
                        • temporary differences related to investments in
                              subsidiaries and associates to the extent that the
                              Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
                              temporary differences and it is probable that they will not
                              reverse in the foreseeable future; and
                        • taxable temporary differences arising on the initial
                              recognition of goodwill.




                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 105
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        6 Dividends
                        Dividends declaration
                        Subsequent to 30 June 2023, the following dividends were declared by the directors. These dividends have not been provided
                        for and there are no income tax consequences.

                                                                                            Cents per             Total      Date of payment        Franking
                                                                                               share
                                                                                                                    $m
                         Final 2023 ordinary dividend                                              9.3             61.6      3 October 2023      Not franked

                        The total dividends declared relating to earnings for the year ended 30 June 2023 amounted to 19.8 cents per share
                        (2022: 23.6 cents per share).

                        Dividend amounts shown are inclusive of any dividends paid on treasury shares.




For personal use only
                        Dividends paid
                                                                                            Cents per             Total      Date of payment        Franking
                                                                                               share

                         2023                                                                                       $m
                         Interim 2023 ordinary dividend                                            9.3             61.2          3 April 2023   50% franked
                         Interim 2023 special dividend                                             1.2              7.9          3 April 2023   50% franked
                         Final 2022 ordinary dividend                                            11.8              77.2   29 September 2022     Fully franked
                                                                                                 22.3             146.3
                         2022

                         Interim 2022 ordinary dividend                                          11.8              76.6          1 April 2022   Fully franked
                         Final 2021 ordinary dividend                                              9.5             61.7   22 September 2021     Fully franked
                         Final 2021 special dividend                                               2.0             13.0   22 September 2021     Fully franked
                                                                                                 23.3             151.3

                        Dividend franking account
                         As at                                                                                                   30 June 2023   30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                         $m               $m
                         Franking account balance                                                                                        5.2            52.2

                        The ability to utilise the franking credits is dependent upon there being sufficient available profits to declare dividends. Dividends
                        declared after the balance date has no impact on the dividend franking account (2022: a reduction of $33.1m).

                        Dividend reinvestment plan
                        The Company operates a dividend reinvestment plan (DRP) which allows eligible shareholders to elect to reinvest part or all of
                        their dividend into additional shares in the Company.

                         Dividends                        Issue date               Number of        DRP issue        DRP value      Discount    DRP take up
                                                                                 shares issued          price                                          rate

                                                                                                              $            $m
                         Interim 2023 dividends           12 April 2023             4,179,545            2.8020           11.7          1.5%          17.2%
                         Final 2022 dividends             14 October 2022              68,526            3.1621            0.2          1.5%          19.0%
                         Final 2022 dividends             6 October 2022            4,489,590            3.1621           14.2          1.5%          19.0%




                        106 | Financial report
                        7 Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                                                                  Cents per        Cents per
                                                                                                                                     share            share
                         Basic earnings per share
                         From continuing operations                                                                                      0.7             4.3
                         From discontinued operations                                                                                    7.1             1.4
                         Total basic earnings per share                                                                                  7.8             5.7
                         Diluted earnings per share
                         From continuing operations                                                                                      0.7             4.3
                         From discontinued operations                                                                                    7.1             1.4
                         Total diluted earnings per share                                                                                7.8             5.7




For personal use only
                        Basic and diluted earnings per share
                                                                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                                                                         $m              $m
                         Profit attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd                                             51.4             36.8
                         Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS                                                     51.4             36.8
                         Profit from discontinued operations                                                                           47.0              9.2
                         Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS from continuing operations                            4.4            27.6


                                                                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                                                                      No. m            No. m
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic)                                                           658.1            649.6
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)                                                         658.1            649.6


                        Accounting policies
                        The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share for its ordinary shares. Basic earnings per share is calculated by
                        dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary
                        shares outstanding during the year.

                        Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the basic earnings per share for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary
                        shares. At 30 June 2023, the Company does not have any dilutive potential ordinary shares (2022: nil).

                        At 30 June 2023, there were no options outstanding (2022: nil).




                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 107
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                        Section 3 – Assets and liabilities

                           This section shows the assets used to generate the Group’s trading performance and the
                           liabilities incurred as a result. Liabilities relating to the Group’s financing activities are
                           addressed in Section 4.


                        8 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                         Cash – corporate                                                                                             399.5          382.7
                         Cash – restricted as part of the ORFR*                                                                       106.1          131.0




For personal use only
                         Cash – statutory funds**                                                                                          –               4.3
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    505.6          518.0
                        * Held as part of the ORFR on behalf of superannuation funds.
                        ** Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.


                        Cash includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with
                        original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash.

                        Restricted ORFR cash relates to cash held as part of the operating risk financial requirement (ORFR) on behalf of the
                        superannuation funds. The ORFR is not available for distribution to the shareholders of the Company.

                        Net cash provided by operating activities
                                                                                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                         Profit after tax for the year                                                                                 51.2               36.8
                         Adjustments for non-cash items
                          Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                       41.8               41.8
                          Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                            83.4               87.6
                          Impairment of other non-current assets                                                                         3.5               8.8
                          Fair value gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit and loss                                (3.6)             (4.4)
                          (Profit)/loss on sale of subsidiary                                                                          (66.6)              3.3
                          Profit on sale of associate                                                                                   (2.5)                –
                          Loss on divestment of intangible assets                                                                        0.2                 –
                          Interest and other finance costs                                                                             54.2               29.3
                          Interest received and receivable                                                                             (22.1)             (5.0)
                          Dividends and distributions received and receivable                                                           (0.4)             (0.4)
                          Dividends received from associates                                                                           11.3               12.0
                          Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method                                          (9.4)         (13.4)
                          Bad and doubtful debts                                                                                         0.5               9.0
                          Share-based payments expense                                                                                   3.9               2.8
                         Changes in net operating assets and liabilities:
                          (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                                          334.7               59.2
                          (Increase)/decrease in current tax asset                                                                     22.8           (42.5)
                          (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets                                                                (56.0)             94.3
                          (Increase)/decrease in other assets                                                                           (9.4)             (7.2)
                          Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                                            (246.4)              95.6
                          Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                          (180.9)         (341.8)
                          Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities                                                             8.0          (60.7)
                          Increase/(decrease) in deferred taxes                                                                        18.1           (10.6)
                         Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                                             36.3              (5.5)

                        108 | Financial report
                        9 Receivables                                                     such as realising security, or the financial asset is more
                                                                                          than 90 days past due. The maximum period considered
                        Receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed
                                                                                          when estimating expected credit losses is the maximum
                        or determinable payments that are not quoted on an active
                                                                                          contractual period over which the Group is exposed to the
                        market. They arise when the Group provides money, assets
                                                                                          credit risk.
                        or services directly to a debtor with no intention of selling
                        the receivable. Subsequent to initial recognition, receivables    Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate
                        are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest       of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                        method if it is held to collect contractual cash flows and        value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the
                        its contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are            cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract
                        solely payments of principal and interest on the principal        and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).
                        amount outstanding.                                               Expected credit losses are discounted at the effective
                                                                                          interest rate of the financial asset. Loss allowances for
                                                                 2023           2022      financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted
                                                                   $m             $m      from the gross carrying amount of the assets.




For personal use only
                            Receivables – corporate
                                                                                          Ex-ANZ AL remediation
                             Trade receivables (net of            97.5           84.1
                                                                                          The ex-ANZ AL remediation receivable represents an
                             provisions)
                                                                                          amount payable under an arrangement with the ANZ
                             Other receivables                   170.8          184.4
                                                                                          Banking Group (ANZ). This covers costs incurred and
                             Ex-ANZ Aligned Licensees                –          300.0     customer compensation paid under the ex-ANZ AL
                             (AL) remediation
                                                                                          remediation program up to a financial cap.
                             Security bonds                        0.4            0.3
                                                                                          The 2022 receivable was net settled with the ex-ANZ AL
                            Receivables – statutory
                            funds*                                                        settlement payable at the conclusion of the program with
                                                                                          ANZ in October 2022. There was no profit and loss impact
                             Trade receivables                       –            0.5
                                                                                          or any cash settled on completion which occurred during
                             Other receivables                       –            1.4
                                                                                          the current period.
                             Dividends and distributions             –           53.8
                             receivables                                                  Impaired receivables
                             Loans to policyholders                  –           60.8     The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in profit
                            Total receivables                    268.7          685.3     or loss within office support and administration expenses.
                            Current                              265.6          680.9     When a trade receivable for which an impairment allowance
                                                                                          has been recognised becomes uncollectible in a subsequent
                            Non-current                            3.1            4.4
                                                                                          year, it is written off against the impairment provision.
                                                                 268.7          685.3     Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written
                        *    Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.                            off are credited against other expenses in profit or loss.

                        Expected credit loss assessment                                    Movements in the provisions for           2023          2022
                                                                                           impairment of trade receivables
                        As at 30 June 2023, $8.9m net trade receivables were past
                                                                                                                                       $m           $m
                        due but not impaired (2022: $12.0m). The amount of the
                                                                                           Carrying value at 1 July                    9.4          0.4
                        impairment provision was $9.7m (2022: $9.4m).
                                                                                           Provision made                              0.3          9.0
                        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing
                                                                                           Carrying value at 30 June                   9.7          9.4
                        basis. The Group recognises loss allowances for expected
                        credit losses on financial assets measured at amortised
                                                                                           Ageing of net trade receivables           2023         2022
                        cost. When determining whether the credit risk of a financial      not impaired
                        asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and
                                                                                                                                      $m            $m
                        when estimating expected credit losses, the Group considers
                                                                                           Neither past due nor impaired             88.6          72.1
                        reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and
                        available without undue cost or effort. This includes both         Past due 31–60 days                        3.1           2.9
                        quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based       Past due 61–90 days                        2.6           5.9
                        on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit           Past due 91–120 days                       3.2           3.2
                        assessment and including forward-looking information.
                                                                                           Net trade receivables not impaired        97.5          84.1
                        The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when
                        the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the
                        Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions


                                                                                                                                    Financial report | 109
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        10 Other financial assets
                        Other financial assets include financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets measured at fair
                        value through other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                                                                      $m               $m
                         Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss
                         Fixed income – corporate*                                                                                                 278.5            267.5
                         Derivative assets – corporate**                                                                                              0.4              0.3
                         Unlisted unit trusts – corporate                                                                                             1.3              1.1
                         Unlisted unit trusts – statutory funds***                                                                                      –           964.1
                         Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
                         Equity investments – corporate                                                                                               2.1              6.8




For personal use only
                         Total other financial assets                                                                                              282.3           1,239.8
                         Current                                                                                                                    87.3           1,059.9
                         Non-current                                                                                                               195.0            179.9
                                                                                                                                                   282.3           1,239.8

                        * Held as part of the ORFR on behalf of superannuation funds. The ORFR is not available for distribution to shareholders of the Company.
                        ** Include $0.4m (2022:$0.1m) derivative assets held as part of the ORFR.
                        ***Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.


                        Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair                                 Offsetting assets and liabilities
                        value through profit or loss                                                  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount
                        Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through                   presented in the statement of financial position when, and
                        profit or loss (FVTPL) include derivative assets (futures,                    only when, the Group has a legal right to offset the amounts
                        interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards),                           and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise the
                        investments in fixed income securities and investments                        asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
                        in unlisted unit trusts.

                        A financial asset is classified as FVTPL if the associated cash
                        flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.

                        Upon initial recognition, attributable transaction costs are
                        recognised in profit or loss when incurred. Subsequent fair
                        value changes are recognised in profit or loss.

                        Financial assets designated at fair value through
                        other comprehensive income
                        Financial assets designated at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income (FVOCI) are equity securities
                        designated as such upon initial recognition.

                        Financial assets measured at FVOCI are recognised initially
                        at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs
                        and are revalued through other comprehensive income
                        (OCI) at each reporting date. Dividends are recognised
                        in profit or loss unless they clearly represent a recovery
                        of part of the cost of the investment. Other net gains and
                        losses are recognised in OCI and will not be reclassified
                        to profit or loss.




                        110 | Financial report
                        11 Property and equipment
                                                                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                                                                           $m               $m
                         Cost                                                                                                            329.2            361.2
                         Accumulated depreciation                                                                                       (183.2)          (153.1)
                                                                                                                                         146.0            208.1


                                                                        Office      Leasehold         IT assets      Land and      Right-of-use            Total
                                                                    equipment        improve-                        buildings           assets
                                                                                       ments
                                                                           $m             $m                $m             $m              $m               $m
                         Balance at 1 July 2021                            3.2            9.2             24.5             1.5           107.4            145.8
                         Additions                                         0.7              –             19.6             0.1            96.5            116.9




For personal use only
                         Disposals                                         (0.2)            –                 –              –             (2.9)            (3.1)
                         Reduction under sublease                            –              –                 –              –             (3.1)            (3.1)
                         Depreciation expense                              (1.0)          (1.8)           (11.0)             –            (30.1)          (43.9)
                         Depreciation expense – discontinued                 –              –                 –              –             (0.8)            (0.8)
                         Impairment                                          –              –                 –              –             (1.3)            (1.3)
                         Reclassification to held for sale                   –              –              (0.2)             –             (2.2)            (2.4)
                         Balance at 30 June 2022                           2.7            7.4             32.9             1.6           163.5            208.1
                         Additions                                         2.0            1.1               2.3              –             7.0             12.4
                         Reduction under sublease                            –              –                 –              –             (1.6)            (1.6)
                         Early lease incentive received                      –              –                 –              –            (25.0)          (25.0)
                         Depreciation expense                              (0.9)          (1.5)           (12.3)             –            (30.7)          (45.4)
                         Impairment                                          –              –                 –              –             (0.9)            (0.9)
                         Reclassification to held for sale                   –              –                 –            (1.6)              –             (1.6)
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                           3.8            7.0             22.9               –           112.3            146.0


                        Recognition and measurement                                             Depreciation
                        Property and equipment are measured at cost less any                    Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line
                        accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment                 basis over the estimated useful lives of each component
                        losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable         of an item of property and equipment. Leased assets are
                        to the acquisition of the asset.                                        depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their
                                                                                                useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that the Group
                        The gain or loss on divestment of an item of property and
                                                                                                will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.
                        equipment is determined by comparing the proceeds from
                        divestment with the carrying amount of the property and                 Items of property and equipment are depreciated from
                        equipment and is recognised net within other income/other               the date that they are installed and are ready for use, or in
                        expenses in profit or loss.                                             respect of internally constructed assets, from the date that
                                                                                                the asset is completed and ready for use.
                        Subsequent costs
                        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying                   The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative
                        amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,               year are as follows.
                        only when it is probable that future economic benefits                  • Office equipment and IT assets: 3–10 years
                        associated with the item will flow to the Group. Repairs                • Leasehold improvements and right of use assets:
                        and maintenance costs are charged to profit or loss as                     3–10 years.
                        they are incurred.
                                                                                                Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are
                                                                                                reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report | 111
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        12 Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                                                                            $m              $m
                         Cost                                                                                                           3,333.8         3,365.0
                         Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                                         (830.4)         (758.3)
                                                                                                                                        2,503.4        2,606.7


                                                                      Goodwill        Software         Customer          Brand            Other           Total
                                                                                         and IT     relationships        names       intangibles
                                                                                   development
                                                                           $m               $m                $m             $m             $m              $m
                         Carrying value at 1 July 2021                 1,850.9            63.6             640.5          170.4            17.1         2,742.5
                         Additions                                            –             7.8                 –              –            3.2            11.0




For personal use only
                         Impairment                                           –               –                 –              –            (1.0)          (1.0)
                         Amortisation expense                                 –           (17.7)            (64.6)          (0.8)           (2.7)         (85.8)
                         Amortisation expense – discontinued                  –               –              (1.8)             –              –            (1.8)
                         Reclassification to held for sale                (46.4)              –             (11.1)          (0.7)             –           (58.2)
                         Carrying value at 30 June 2022                1,804.5            53.7             563.0          168.9            16.6        2,606.7
                         Additions                                            –             5.7                 –              –            2.2             7.9
                         Impairment                                           –               –              (0.5)          (1.7)           (0.4)          (2.6)
                         Amortisation expense                                 –           (18.5)            (61.3)          (0.8)           (2.2)         (82.8)
                         Disposal                                             –               –                 –              –            (1.1)          (1.1)
                         Reclassification to held for sale                (24.7)              –                 –              –              –           (24.7)
                         Carrying value at 30 June 2023                1,779.8            40.9             501.2          166.4            15.1        2,503.4


                        Accounting policies                                                       Amortisation
                        Intangible assets are non-physical assets used by the                     Amortisation is charged to the income statement over the
                        Group to generate revenues and profits. These assets                      estimated useful lives of intangible assets unless such lives
                        include goodwill from business combinations, brand names,                 are judged to be indefinite. Indefinite life assets are not
                        software, customer and adviser relationships. The cost                    amortised but are tested for impairment at each reporting
                        of these assets is the amount that the Group has paid or,                 date. The estimated useful lives are as follows.
                        where there has been a business combination, the fair value               • Brand names with definite lives: 20 years
                        of the specific intangible assets that could be sold separately
                                                                                                  • Software and IT development: 2.5–10 years
                        or which arise from legal rights.
                                                                                                  • Other intangibles: 5–10 years
                        The value of intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill
                                                                                                  • Customer relationships: 10–20 years.
                        and brand names with indefinite useful lives, reduces over
                        the period the Group expects to use the asset. The values                 Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are
                        and useful lives ascribed are reflective of arms-length                   reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.
                        transactions and independent expert advice thereon.
                                                                                                  Goodwill
                        Subsequent expenditure                                                    Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially
                        Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it                        measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost less
                        increases the future economic benefits embodied in the                    accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill represents the
                        specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure,                future economic benefits that arise from assets that are
                        including expenditure on brands, is recognised in profit                  not capable of being individually identified and separately
                        or loss as incurred.                                                      recognised. Its cost is the amount the Group has paid in
                                                                                                  acquiring a business over and above the fair value of the
                                                                                                  individual assets and liabilities acquired.




                        112 | Financial report
                        Impairment testing for cash-generating units
                        For the purposes of impairment testing, intangible assets are allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs): Platforms
                        CGU, Advice CGU and Asset Management CGU. These represent the lowest level within the Group at which the assets are
                        monitored for internal management purposes. Each CGU is not higher than the Group’s operating segments as reported
                        in Note 2 Operating segments.

                        Management’s assessment of value in use for each CGU supports the value of the intangible asset allocated to the CGU.

                                                                                          Goodwill                 Brand names with          Pre-tax discount rate
                                                                                                                      indefinite lives
                         CGUs                                             2023               2022              2023             2022         2023             2022
                                                                            $m                 $m                $m               $m            %                %
                         Platforms                                      1,449.7            1,449.7            125.8             126.2        13.3              13.3
                         Advice                                              –                  –                7.7              7.8        13.6              12.5




For personal use only
                         Asset Management                                330.1              354.8               30.1             30.1        13.3              13.2
                                                                        1,779.8            1,804.5            163.6            164.1


                        Indefinite life intangible assets                                            • Pre-tax discount rates range from 13.3% to 13.6% (2022:
                        The indefinite life intangible assets include several brand                     12.5% to 15.1%) for CGUs; and
                        names. The indefinite life brand names are as follows:                       • A terminal growth rate of 2.5% (2022: 2.5%) is used to
                                                                                                        derive a terminal value for the period beyond five years.
                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                                     In developing cash flows over the forecasting period, the
                                                                   $m               $m
                                                                                                     current economic conditions, the current and expected
                         MLC                                     98.0              98.0
                                                                                                     performance of each CGU and macroeconomic conditions
                         Shadforth                               51.0              51.0              were considered.
                         Plum                                    14.6              14.6
                                                                                                     The impairment assessment results in headroom in the
                         Lonsdale                                   –               0.5              Platforms, Advice and Assets Management CGUs.
                                                                163.6             164.1
                                                                                                     CGU impairment sensitivity analysis
                        In designating brand names as indefinite life, consideration                 Other than the Advice CGU, there is no reasonably
                        was given to the length of time the brand names have                         possible change to a key assumption that would cause
                        been in existence and it was determined that there is no                     the recoverable amount of the CGUs to fall short of the
                        foreseeable limit to the years over which the brand names                    carrying amount.
                        are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Group.
                                                                                                     In relation to the Advice CGU, a change in the following
                        CGU impairment testing                                                       key assumptions could cause the CGU carrying amount
                                                                                                     to exceed its recoverable amount:
                        The carrying amount of CGUs is tested for impairment
                        annually or when there is an indication of impairment.                        Advice CGU                             2023             2022
                        The Group uses a value in use approach in estimating the
                                                                                                      Changes required for carrying amount to equal
                        recoverable amount of each CGU.                                               recoverable amount

                        Determination of the recoverable amount of the CGUs                           Increase in value in pre-tax          14.0%            2.6%
                        requires the application of significant judgement when                        discount rate
                        making assumptions about the future cash flows of each                        Decrease in percentage in             47.1%           18.0%
                        CGU, discount rates and terminal growth rate:                                 estimated cash flows for all
                                                                                                      future years
                        • Estimated future cash flows are based on the three-year
                           business plan approved by the Board of Directors and
                           an estimated long-term growth rate for years 4 and 5.
                           Annualised average growth rates for the five-year period
                           are 19% for the Platforms CGU (2022: 10%), 29.9% for
                           the Advice CGU (2022: 3%) and 19.8% for the Asset
                           Management CGU (2022: 17%);




                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 113
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        13 Payables                                                        Financial liabilities measured at fair value through
                                                                                           profit or loss
                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                                           Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit
                                                                    $m              $m
                                                                                           or loss (FVTPL) include:
                            Payables – corporate
                                                                                           • interest rate and foreign exchange rate derivative
                            Trade and other payables              195.8          204.7
                                                                                              contracts;
                            Ex-ANZ AL settlement                      –          260.4
                                                                                           • issued investment protection derivatives;
                            Payables – statutory funds*
                                                                                           • a compound embedded derivative; and
                            Trade and other payables                  –             2.1
                                                                                           • deferred purchase considerations.
                            Total payables                        195.8          467.2
                                                                                           Issued investment protection derivatives are term-based
                            Current                               195.2          465.8
                                                                                           investment protection products issued by the Group. These
                            Non-current                             0.6             1.4
                                                                                           products provide protection to investors over the investors’
                                                                  195.8          467.2     capital or a minimum level of income each year for a term




For personal use only
                        *     Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.
                                                                                           of 10 or 20 years.

                                                                                           The compound embedded derivative is associated with the
                        Ex-ANZ AL settlement
                                                                                           Subordinated Loan Notes issued by the Group. The host
                        This ex-ANZ AL settlement was covered by an arrangement            contract is measured at amortised cost and is included
                        with ANZ and an offsetting receivable that has been                in Note 18 Borrowings.
                        recognised in Note 9 Receivables. These have been net
                                                                                           Deferred purchase considerations are liabilities associated
                        settled following the completion of the ex-ANZ AL program
                                                                                           with past acquisitions. The value of these liabilities rises and
                        in October 2022. There was no profit and loss impact or any
                                                                                           falls depending on performance hurdles achieved during
                        cash settled on completion.
                                                                                           the deferral period specific to each agreement. Performance
                        14 Other financial liabilities                                     hurdles may include revenue targets, gross margin targets,
                                                                                           funds under management, funds under administration or
                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                                           funds under advice and supervision retention requirements.
                                                                    $m              $m

                            Financial liabilities measured                                 Where contingent consideration is due for payment after
                            at fair value through profit                                   12 months, the estimated amount payable is discounted.
                            or loss – corporate                                            Assumptions for the discount rate used are based on
                            Deferred purchase                       0.1             7.3    market interest rates upon acquisition of related intangibles.
                            consideration
                            Derivative liabilities                 20.0            27.1
                                                                                           Liabilities relating to statutory funds
                            Investment contract                                            Policy liabilities have been determined in accordance
                            liabilities – statutory funds*                                 with applicable accounting standards. Policy liabilities for
                            Investment contract liabilities           –          154.8     life insurance contracts are valued in accordance with
                            with discretionary participation                               AASB 1038 Life Insurance Contracts, whereas life investment
                            features (DPF)                                                 contracts are valued in accordance with AASB 9 Financial
                            Other investment contract                 –          919.0     Instruments and AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                            facilities                                                     Customers. There are differences between the valuation
                            Total other financial liabilities      20.1        1,108.2     requirements of the accounting standards and those of
                            Current                                 0.8         1,082.1    the Life Insurance Act 1995.
                            Non-current                            19.3            26.1    Insurance contracts
                                                                   20.1        1,108.2     Insurance contracts with a discretionary participation
                        *     Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.                            feature (DPF) are those containing significant insurance
                                                                                           risk at the inception of the contract, or those where at the
                        The Group initially recognises financial liabilities on the date   inception of the contract there is a scenario with commercial
                        at which the Group becomes a party to the contractual              substance where the level of insurance risk may be significant.
                        provisions of the instrument. The Group derecognises               The significance of insurance risk is dependent on both
                        a financial liability when its contractual obligations are         the probability of an insured event and the magnitude of
                        discharged, cancelled or expire.                                   its potential effect. Life insurance contract liabilities are
                                                                                           calculated in accordance with actuarial standards.




                        114 | Financial report
                        Once a contract has been classified as an insurance                                                             2023            2022
                        contract, it remains an insurance contract for the remainder
                                                                                                                                         $m               $m
                        of its lifetime, even if the insurance risk reduces significantly
                                                                                             Lease liabilities
                        during the year.
                                                                                             Opening balance at 1 July                 189.4           124.9
                        Investment contracts
                                                                                             Net lease liabilities recognised            7.2            91.6
                        Contracts not considered insurance contracts are classified
                                                                                             Payments made                             (41.0)           (30.3)
                        as investment contracts. The accounting treatment of
                        investment contracts depends on whether the investment               Interest charge                             6.2              5.5
                        has a DPF feature. A DPF represents a contractual right to           Reclassification to held for sale             –             (2.3)
                        receive, as a supplement to guaranteed benefits, additional          Closing balance at 30 June               161.8            189.4
                        benefits that are:                                                   Current                                    30.9            31.8
                        • likely to be a significant portion of the total benefits;          Non-current                               130.9           157.6
                        • distributed at the discretion of the insurer; and                                                           161.8            189.4




For personal use only
                        • are based on the performance of a specified pool
                           of assets.                                                       The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of
                                                                                            the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
                        Deposits collected and benefits paid under investment               date, discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing
                        contracts with DPF are accounted for through profit or loss.        rate. The incremental borrowing rate is determined with
                        The gross change in the liability to these policyholders for        reference to the following factors:
                        the year, which includes any participating benefits vested
                                                                                            • length of the lease;
                        in policyholders and any undistributed surplus attributed
                        to policyholders, is also recognised in profit or loss.             • lessee specific credit risk; and
                                                                                            • secured borrowings adjustment.
                        Deposits collected and withdrawals processed for
                        investment contracts without DPF are accounted for directly         The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the
                        through the statement of financial position as a movement           effective interest method. It is remeasured:
                        in the investment contract liability. Distributions on these        • when there is a change in future lease payments arising
                        contracts are charged to profit or loss as an expense.                 from a change in an index or rate;
                        Where contracts contain both an investment component                • if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount
                        and an insurance component and the deposit component                   expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee;
                        can be separately measured, the underlying amounts are              • if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will
                        unbundled. Premiums relating to the insurance component                exercise a purchase, extension or termination option; or
                        are accounted for through profit or loss and the investment
                                                                                            • if there is a revised in-substance fixed lease payment.
                        component is accounted for as a deposit through the
                        statement of financial position as described above.                 When the lease liability is remeasured, a corresponding
                                                                                            adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the related
                        15 Leases                                                           right-of-use asset or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying
                        The Group leases properties for office spaces and advice            amount of the right-to-use asset has been reduced to zero.
                        offices. At the lease commencement date, the Group
                        recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.
                                                                                            Short-term leases
                                                                                            The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets
                        The right-of-use asset comprises the initial measurement
                                                                                            and lease liabilities for short-term leases. The Group
                        of the corresponding lease liability, lease payments made
                                                                                            recognises the lease payments associated with these leases
                        at or before the commencement day and any initial direct
                                                                                            as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
                        costs. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost
                        and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated                  Amounts recognised in profit or loss
                        depreciation and impairment losses. Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                                        2023            2022
                        are presented in Note 11 Property and equipment.
                                                                                                                                         $m               $m
                                                                                             Interest expense on lease                   (6.2)           (5.5)
                                                                                             liabilities
                                                                                             Depreciation expenses on                  (30.7)           (30.1)
                                                                                             right-of-use assets
                                                                                             Rental expenses on short-term               (1.4)          (12.9)
                                                                                             leases (included in occupancy-
                                                                                             related expenses)



                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 115
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        16 Provisions
                                                                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                                                                            $m              $m

                         Employee entitlements                                                                                            203.0          195.5
                         Advice remediation provisions                                                                                     69.4          196.4
                         Product remediation provisions                                                                                    80.5          148.2
                         Other provisions                                                                                                  12.3             5.6
                                                                                                                                          365.2          545.7
                         Current                                                                                                          331.3          445.3
                         Non-current                                                                                                       33.9          100.4
                                                                                                                                          365.2          545.7




For personal use only
                                                                                    Employee            Advice         Product           Other            Total
                                                                                 entitlements       remediation     remediation      provisions

                                                                                           $m                $m              $m             $m              $m

                         Balance at 1 July 2021                                          215.2            377.2           296.8             3.8          893.0
                         Provisions made/(reversed) during the year                       71.4             73.2              3.5           10.7          158.8
                         Provisions utilised during the year                             (85.6)           (254.0)        (152.1)            (8.9)        (500.6)
                         Reclassified to held for sale                                    (5.5)                –               –                –          (5.5)
                         Balance at 30 June 2022                                         195.5            196.4           148.2             5.6          545.7
                         Provisions made/(reversed) during the year                      102.6             26.3            (22.2)          10.7          117.4
                         Provisions utilised during the year                             (95.1)           (153.3)          (45.5)           (4.0)        (297.9)
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                         203.0             69.4            80.5            12.3          365.2


                        Accounting policies                                                      A provision for employee benefits in the form of an incentive
                        A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the           plan is recognised when there is no realistic alternative
                        Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can            but to settle the liability, and at least one of the following
                        be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of             conditions is met:
                        economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.             • there are formal terms in the plan for determining the
                        Provisions are determined by discounting the expected                       amount of the benefit;
                        future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current                • the amounts to be paid are determined before the time
                        market assessments of the time value of money.                              of completion of the financial report; or
                        Employee entitlements                                                    • past practice gives clear evidence of the amount
                        The provision for employee benefits includes provisions                     of the obligation.
                        for remuneration in the form of incentive plans and                      A provision for restructuring is recognised when the
                        expected leave benefits that employees have earned                       Group has approved a detailed and formal restructuring
                        in return for their service in the current and prior years               plan, and the restructuring either has commenced or has
                        plus related on-costs.                                                   been announced publicly. Future operating losses are not
                                                                                                 provided for.

                                                                                                 Liabilities for incentives are expected to be settled within
                                                                                                 12 months and are measured at the amounts expected
                                                                                                 to be paid when they are settled.




                        116 | Financial report
                        Advice remediation provision                                   Other provisions
                        In 2019, the Group engaged an expert consultant to             Other provisions have been made for the present value of
                        design the review methodology and estimate financial           management’s best estimates of legal settlements and other
                        compensation relating to client remediation. This was          matters. The information usually required by AASB 137
                        in response to ASIC’s investigation as part of its Wealth      Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets,
                        Management Project, conducting investigations into financial   is not disclosed on the grounds that it can be expected
                        advice fees paid pursuant to ongoing service arrangements.     to prejudice the outcome of certain other litigation.
                        While the Group was not issued a notice under this review,
                                                                                       Estimation uncertainty
                        the Group has a significant number of self-employed and
                        salaried financial advisers and is voluntarily undertaking     Determining the amount of a provision, which represents
                        its own review. The review determines whether fee paying       management’s best estimate of the costs of settling the
                        clients under its licenses were:                               identified matters, requires the exercise of significant
                                                                                       judgement. It will often be necessary to form a view
                        a provided with agreed services and/or advice;
                                                                                       on a number of different assumptions, including the
                        b supported with documentation evidencing appropriate




For personal use only
                                                                                       number of impacted clients, the average refund per
                          provision of service and/or advice; and                      client, and associated remediation costs. Consequently,
                        c received advice appropriate to their circumstances.          the appropriateness of the underlying assumptions is
                                                                                       reviewed on a regular basis against actual experience and
                        Where client compensation is probable and able to be
                                                                                       other relevant evidence, and adjustments are made to the
                        reliably estimated, provisions are raised. Compensation
                                                                                       provisions where appropriate.
                        costs include return of service fees, estimated client loss
                        as a result of inappropriate advice, interest for time value
                        of money at ASIC’s expected rate of RBA cash rate + 6% and
                        committed costs to resource the compensation program.
                        The provision is reduced by client remediation payments
                        and program costs paid.

                        At 30 June 2022, $39.6m of the advice remediation provision
                        was covered by an arrangement with ANZ and an offsetting
                        receivable was recognised. This arrangement has concluded
                        in October 2022.

                        Product remediation provision
                        Product remediation provisions includes remediation
                        projects acquired as part of the MLC acquisition. These
                        remediation projects were commenced under NAB
                        ownership and are a component of the completion net
                        asset process with NAB pursuant to the Share Sale &
                        Purchase Agreement.

                        Product remediation provisions are reduced by client
                        remediation payments and program costs paid.




                                                                                                                               Financial report | 117
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                        Section 4 – Capital management and financing

                           This section outlines how the Group manages its capital structure and related financing costs,
                           including its balance sheet liquidity and access to capital markets.

                           The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a
                           going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns to shareholders and benefits to other
                           stakeholders, and to maintain an optimal structure to reduce the cost of capital.


                        17 Capital management                                              A number of the Group’s subsidiaries are subject to
                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure,              externally imposed regulatory capital requirements.
                        the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to




For personal use only
                                                                                           The Board of each operational subsidiary manages its own
                        shareholders, return capital to shareholders, buy back             capital required to support planned business growth and
                        its shares on market, issue new shares, sell assets, or            meet regulatory requirements. These include:
                        otherwise adjust debt levels.
                                                                                           • capital requirements for the Australian Prudential
                        The Group monitors capital on the basis of investment                 Regulation Authority (APRA) regulated Registrable
                        capital, working capital and regulatory capital.                      Superannuation Entities (RSELs) licensees. Specifically,
                                                                                              the following ORFR capital requirements apply:
                        Investment capital
                        Investment capital is the Group’s capital that is not required                                            30 June 2023    30 June 2022

                        for regulatory and working capital requirements of the                                                              $m              $m
                        business. The investment capital is invested in:                          Capital requirements on ORFR
                        • bank deposits and debt notes;                                           ORFR target*                           476.4            461.9
                        • subsidiaries;                                                           ORFR held by the RSELs*                385.3            401.5
                        • financial assets at fair value through other                            ORFR held by funds                     102.8             94.1
                           comprehensive income;                                                  ORFR margin                             11.7             33.7
                        • unit trusts, as investments; and                                    *     At 30 June 2022, the ORFR held by the RSELs included $2.9m
                        • Group operated unit trusts, as seed capital.                              held as part of the assets of AET discontinued operations.
                                                                                                    The related ORFR target was $2.2m. AET was sold on
                        The investment capital is available to support the organic                  30 November 2022.

                        development of new businesses and products and to                  • capital requirements for AFS licenses;
                        respond to investment and growth opportunities such as
                                                                                           • capital requirements for risks relating to the issued
                        acquisitions, as they arise. Seed capital is primarily available
                                                                                              investment protection products; and
                        to support the business in establishing new products and is
                        also used to support capital adequacy requirements of the                                                30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                        statutory funds.                                                                                                   $m               $m

                        Working capital                                                           Capital requirements on issued investment
                                                                                                  protection products
                        Working capital is the capital that is required to meet the
                                                                                                  Regulatory capital                       9.2             13.5
                        day-to-day operations of the business.                                    requirement
                        Regulatory capital                                                        Cash available to meet the              21.7             19.8
                                                                                                  capital requirement
                        Regulatory capital is the capital which the Group holds to
                        meet minimum legislative and regulatory requirements in                   Cash surplus                            12.5              6.3
                        respect of its friendly society, issued investment protection      • capital adequacy requirements imposed by the Life
                        products and Australian financial services (AFS) licensed             Insurance Act 1995 in relation to the statutory funds.
                        operations. During the year, the Group has complied with              Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.
                        all externally imposed capital requirements.




                        118 | Financial report
                        Regular monitoring of regulatory requirements ensures            to take advantage of acquisition opportunities as they arise.
                        sufficient capital is available and appropriate planning         The weighted average cost of capital is regularly monitored.
                        is made to retain target surpluses to reduce the risk            Funding decisions take into consideration the cost of debt
                        of beaching regulatory capital requirements.                     versus the cost of equity with emphasis on the outcome that
                                                                                         is best for shareholder interests.
                        Insignia Financial Ltd is primarily the provider of equity
                        capital to its subsidiaries. Such investment is funded           The Group’s capital risk management strategy was not
                        by Insignia Financial Ltd’s own investment capital, through      changed during the year.
                        capital issues, profit retention and, in some instances,
                                                                                         18 Borrowings
                        by debt. Subsidiary capital generated in excess of planned
                        requirements is returned to Insignia Financial Ltd, usually      This note provides information about the contractual
                        by way of dividends.                                             terms of the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities, which are
                                                                                         measured at amortised cost. Borrowing costs that are not
                        The syndicated facility agreements are in place as a             directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                        safeguard against a temporary need for funds and to              production of a qualifying asset are recognised in profit




For personal use only
                        provide a short-term funding facility that allows the business   or loss using the effective interest method.

                                                                                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m

                         Syndicated facility agreements (SFAs)                                                                   586.0           589.3
                         Subordinated Loan Notes (SLN)                                                                           189.6           182.0
                         Total borrowings                                                                                        775.6           771.3
                         Non-current                                                                                             775.6           771.3
                                                                                                                                 775.6           771.3


                                                                                                                  SFAs            SLNs            Total
                                                                                                                    $m             $m              $m

                         Opening balance at 1 July 2022                                                          474.5           174.1           648.6
                         Drawdowns                                                                               194.0               –           194.0
                         Repayments                                                                               (91.2)           (2.0)         (93.2)
                         Interest expense                                                                          12.0            9.9            21.9
                         Closing balance at 30 June 2022                                                         589.3           182.0           771.3
                         Drawdowns                                                                               788.3               –           788.3
                         Borrowing costs                                                                           (5.9)             –             (5.9)
                         Repayments                                                                              (819.7)           (2.0)        (821.7)
                         Interest expense                                                                          34.0            9.6            43.6
                         Closing balance at 30 June 2023                                                         586.0           189.6           775.6




                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 119
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        Syndicated facility agreements                                      • $250.0m revolving cash advance facility expiring
                        During the year, the syndicated facility agreements (SFA)              27 September 2023. As at 30 June 2022, $250.0m
                        initially entered into in September 2018 were terminated               of this facility was available. During the year, the facility
                        and the Group entered into a new $955m SFA with six new                was terminated.
                        and existing lenders. The new facility and structure provides       Subordinated Loan Notes (SLNs)
                        improved flexibility, greater simplicity and improved terms.
                                                                                            SLNs are unsecured subordinated debt obligations issued
                        At 30 June 2023, the SFA facilities had a debt duration profile     by the Group as part of the MLC acquisition in May 2021.
                        of approximately 2.7 years (calculated on a facility limit basis)
                                                                                            For financial reporting purposes, these SLNs contain a host
                        (30 June 2022: 1.2 years).
                                                                                            contract ($182.0m) and a compound embedded derivative
                        The new SFA is comprised of a:                                      ($9.4m derivative liability) that is required to be recognised
                        • three-year $340m revolving credit facility. During the            separately.
                           year, the Group made $340.0m drawdown under this                 • The host contract is initially recognised at fair value and
                           facility and made a principal repayment of $23.0m.                  subsequently measured at amortised cost, and it will




For personal use only
                           As at 30 June 2023, $23.0m of this facility was available;          accrete to the face value of the notes ($200m) using the
                        • four-year $290m revolving credit facility. During the year,          effective interest rate by redemption date.
                           the Group made $153.3m drawdown under this facility              • The compound embedded derivative is measured at fair
                           and repaid in full. At 30 June 2023, $290.0m of this facility       value and is included in other financial liabilities.
                           was available;
                                                                                            Key terms are:
                        • four-year $270m term loan. During the year, the Group
                                                                                            • 1% per annum coupon payable semi-annually. Step up
                           made $270.0m drawdown under this facility and as at
                                                                                               to 4% per annum if the noteholders request redemption
                           30 June 2023, this facility was fully utilised; and
                                                                                               from 30 November 2024 and the Group does
                        • three-year $55m multi-option facility. As at 30 June 2023,           not redeem.
                           $12.0m of this facility was available. Utilisation of this
                                                                                            • Equity linked redemption linked to any uplift in notional
                           facility is in the form of rental bond guarantees included
                                                                                               securities over a reference price (being a 15% premium
                           in Note 21 Commitments and contingencies.
                                                                                               to the theoretical ex rights price for the equity offer) and
                        At 30 June 2022, the SFA initially entered into in September           subject to adjustment.
                        2018 consisted of the following facilities:                         • Five-year term with multiple early redemption options
                        • $240.0m revolving cash advance facility expiring                     available:
                           27 September 2023. As at 30 June 2022, $25.0m of this               – The Group is permitted to accelerate redemption after
                           facility was available. During the year, the Group made                31 May 2024 if the volume weighted average price is
                           $25m drawdown under this facility and repaid it in full                at least 150% of the reference price ($3.85) or in case
                           at termination;                                                        of certain tax changes.
                        • $375.0m revolving cash advance facility expiring                     – The holder is permitted to accelerate redemption
                           27 September 2023. As at 30 June 2022, this facility                   from 30 November 2024, subject to issuer consent
                           was fully utilised. The Group repaid this facility in full             or upon change in control.
                           at termination; and

                        Reconciliation of movements in liabilities to cash flows from financing activities
                                                                                                                                        Borrowings
                                                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                                                          $m              $m

                         Opening balance 1 July                                                                                        771.3            648.6
                         Changes from financing cash flows
                          Repayment of borrowings (principal)                                                                         (791.3)           (80.0)
                          Interest paid                                                                                                 (30.4)          (13.2)
                          Drawdowns (net of borrowing costs)                                                                           782.4            194.0
                         Total changes from financing cash flows                                                                        (39.3)          100.8
                         Other changes
                          Interest accrued                                                                                              43.6             21.9
                         Closing balance 30 June                                                                                       775.6           771.3



                        120 | Financial report
                        19 Share capital
                        The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares. All issued shares are fully paid. The
                        holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share
                        at meetings of the Company. All shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

                                                                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                                                                       $m                $m

                         662,598,242 fully paid ordinary shares (2022: 653,860,581)                                                3,043.3         3,017.2
                         1,979,317 treasury shares (2022: 600,203)                                                                    (7.2)            (3.6)
                                                                                                                                   3,036.1         3,013.6


                                                                                                                      2023                            2022
                                                                                                      No. m             $m          No. m                $m




For personal use only
                         Ordinary shares
                         On issue at 1 July                                                           653.9         3,017.2         649.3          3,000.6
                         Issue of shares pursuant to dividend reinvestment plan                          8.7          26.2             4.6            16.4
                         Transfer from employee equity-settled benefits reserve on exercise of            –             1.2              –               1.2
                         performance rights

                         Treasury shares transferred to recipients during the year                        –            (1.3)             –             (1.0)
                         Ordinary shares on issue at 30 June                                          662.6         3,043.3         653.9          3,017.2
                         Treasury shares
                         On issue at 1 July                                                             (0.6)          (3.6)          (0.8)            (4.6)
                         Purchase of treasury shares                                                    (1.6)          (4.9)             –                –
                         Treasury shares transferred to recipients during the year                       0.2            1.3            0.2               1.0
                         Treasury shares on issue at 30 June                                            (2.0)          (7.2)          (0.6)            (3.6)
                                                                                                      660.6        3,036.1          653.3          3,013.6


                        Ordinary shares
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares and share options
                        are shown in equity as a deduction, net of any tax effects.

                        Treasury shares
                        Shares in the Company which are purchased on-market by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust are classified as treasury shares and
                        are deducted from share capital. The IOOF Equity Plans Trust is controlled by the Group and is therefore consolidated. Dividends
                        received on treasury shares are eliminated on consolidation.

                        Dividend reinvestment plan
                        The Company operates a dividend reinvestment plan (DRP) which allows eligible shareholders to elect to reinvest part or all
                        of their dividend into additional shares in the Company. Refer to Note 6 Dividends for details.




                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 121
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        20 Reserves                                                        21 Commitments and contingencies
                                                                 2023              2022    Commitments
                                                                  $m                $m                                              2023            2022
                         Equity investment revaluation            1.5               2.0                                               $m             $m
                         reserve
                                                                                            Guarantees and underwriting commitments
                         Business combinations reserve            (0.3)            (0.3)
                                                                                            Rental bond guarantees                  39.4            27.3
                         Foreign currency translation             0.9                 –
                         reserve                                                            AFSL guarantee                            6.0            6.0

                         Operating risk financial reserve           –               2.7     Capital commitment                        5.1              –

                         Share-based payments reserve             2.5               0.6     Other guarantees                          0.1            0.6

                                                                  4.6               5.0                                             50.6            33.9


                        Equity investment revaluation reserve                              Contingent liabilities




For personal use only
                        Equity investment revaluation reserve comprises the                Contingent liabilities of the Group exist in relation to claims
                        cumulative net change in fair value of equity securities           and/or possible claims which, at the date of signing these
                        measured at fair value through other comprehensive                 accounts, have not been resolved. An assessment of the
                        income (FVOCI), net of tax.                                        likely loss to the Company and its controlled entities has
                                                                                           been made in respect of the identified claims, on a claim-
                        Business combinations reserve                                      by-claim basis, and specific provision has been made where
                        Business combinations reserve reflects historic acquisitions       appropriate. The Group does not consider that the outcome
                        of non-controlling interests, net of tax.                          of any other current proceedings, either individually
                                                                                           or in aggregate, is likely to materially affect its operations
                        Foreign currency translation reserve
                                                                                           or financial position.
                        Foreign currency translation reserve comprises foreign
                        currency differences arising from the translation of the           Buyer of last resort facility
                        financial statements of the Group’s foreign operations,            One subsidiary of the Group has contractual agreements
                        net of tax.                                                        with its planners to provide a put option “Buyer of Last
                                                                                           Resort Facility” should a planner wish to sell their business
                        Operating risk financial reserve
                                                                                           on the satisfaction of certain specific requirements. The
                        The operating risk financial reserve is held for certain
                                                                                           terms and conditions provide that where the specific
                        superannuation products that were previously held under
                                                                                           requirements have been met, a predetermined purchase
                        Australian Executor Trustees Limited and have been
                                                                                           price will be payable for the business as agreed by all parties
                        transferred to I.O.O.F. Investment Management Limited
                                                                                           over a predetermined period. Where certain terms and
                        as Superannuation Trustee. Other similar reserves exist
                                                                                           conditions have not been met, the predetermined purchase
                        within the Group, however these are generally held by the
                                                                                           price will be discounted accordingly.
                        relevant funds. The reserve was released following the
                        divestment of AET.                                                 As at 30 June 2023, the Group had not received any
                                                                                           requests from planners which satisfied requirements to
                        Share-based payments reserve                                       exercise its obligation. The resale value of such businesses
                        The share-based payments reserve arises on the grant of            purchased may differ from the cost to the Group. Where
                        performance rights and share options to executives and             confirmation notices have been received, the Group has
                        senior employees under the employee share plan. Amounts            a fixed obligation to purchase the businesses at market
                        are transferred out of the reserve and into issued capital         value, the aggregate value of this fixed obligation is $nil
                        when the shares are transferred to employees.                      (2022: $1.5m). The remaining obligation is not expected
                                                                                           to be material.




                        122 | Financial report
                        Class actions and potential regulatory actions                    While NULIS and MLC Nominees were acquired from
                        Contingent liabilities of the Group exist in relation to claims   National Australia Bank Ltd (NAB) on 31 May 2021, subject
                        and/or possible claims which, at the date of signing these        to terms, NAB remains liable for, and retains conduct
                        accounts, have not been resolved.                                 of, the third and fourth of those class actions outlined
                                                                                          above pursuant to the terms agreed between NAB and
                        The Group is currently defending a civil penalty proceeding       the Company.
                        in the Federal Court of Australia commenced by ASIC against
                        OnePath Custodians Pty Ltd (OPC) in relation to alleged           An assessment of the likely loss to the Company and
                        improper communications to members regarding plan                 its controlled entities has been made in respect of the
                        service fees. It is also defending the following class actions:   identified claims, on a claim by claim basis, and specific
                                                                                          provision is made where appropriate.
                        • an action against the Company in the Federal Court in
                           relation to alleged breaches of the continuous disclosure      Based on the current information available the Group
                           obligation for not disclosing alleged misconduct;              does not consider that the outcome of any other current
                        • an action against OPC (and two companies outside                proceedings, either individually or in aggregate, is likely




For personal use only
                           the Group) in the Federal Court in relation to alleged         to materially affect its operations or financial position.
                           breaches of trustee obligations regarding the investment       Other remediation matters
                           of cash investment option funds and the charging of fees
                                                                                          There are a number of remediation matters under
                           relating to commissions;
                                                                                          investigation. The potential outcomes and total costs
                        • an action against NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited            associated with these matters remain uncertain.
                           (NULIS) in the Federal Court in relation to alleged
                           breaches of trustee obligations in deciding to grandfather
                           commissions; and
                        • an action against NULIS and MLC Nominees Pty Ltd (MLC
                           Nominees) in the Victorian Supreme Court in relation
                           to alleged breaches of trustee obligations regarding the
                           timing of transfers of accrued default amounts to the
                           MySuper product.




                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 123
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                        Section 5 – Financial risk management
                        The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial and   Impact of macroeconomic conditions
                        non-financial risks. Financial risks include:                    In preparing the financial report, the Group has considered
                        • market risks (including price risk, currency risk and          the ongoing impact of macroeconomic conditions in
                           interest rate risk);                                          its adoption of significant assumptions and market
                        • credit risk; and                                               inputs used in:

                        • liquidity risk.                                                • valuing the Group’s financial instruments; and
                                                                                         • preparing disclosures for the fair value of financial assets
                        The nature of the financial risk exposures arising from
                                                                                            and liabilities and financial risk management.
                        financial instruments, the objectives, policies and processes
                        for managing these risks, and the methods used to measure        The Group’s management and services fee revenue is
                        them are detailed in this section.                               directly driven by the Group’s FUMA balance at any given
                                                                                         point of time. Market movements along with net flows are a
                        Key non-financial risk exposures are discussed in detail




For personal use only
                                                                                         significant contributor to FUMA, and are therefore impacted
                        in the Operating and financial review section of the
                                                                                         by current and future macroeconomic conditions.
                        Directors’ report.
                                                                                         The Group has reviewed the appropriateness of inputs to
                        22 Financial risk management
                                                                                         the valuation of financial instruments and the disclosures
                        Risk Management Framework                                        for the fair value of financial instruments. The fair value
                        Risk is defined as the chance of an event occurring that will    of the Group’s financial instruments may have been
                        have an impact on the strategic or business objectives of        impacted by a variety of factors arising from changed
                        the Group, including a failure to realise opportunities. The     business conditions. As a general principle, quoted prices
                        Group’s risk management process involves the identification      in active markets provide the best available evidence of fair
                        of material risks, assessment of consequence and likelihood,     value. The Group’s financial instruments are valued using
                        implementation of controls to manage risks, and continuous       directly observable inputs whenever possible as these
                        monitoring and improvement of the procedures in place.           are considered to be the most reliable and appropriate
                                                                                         evidence of fair value. Non-financial risks emerging from
                        The Group’s objective is to satisfactorily manage its risks
                                                                                         rising interest rates, global inflation hikes, tightening
                        in line with the Group’s Risk Management Policy set
                                                                                         monetary policies, global geopolitical tension have been
                        by the Board, and this aligns to International Standard
                                                                                         identified, assessed, managed and governed through timely
                        ISO 31000. The Group’s Risk Management Framework
                                                                                         application of the Company’s risk management policies.
                        manages the risks faced by the Group, with approaches
                        varying depending on the nature of the risk, through the         Management continues to monitor the impact of global
                        risk management policies, Risk Management Strategy, Risk         economic uncertainty to the business environment
                        Appetite Statement, and tolerances set, approved and             including ongoing assessment of market risk, credit risk
                        monitored by the Board. The Group maintains a framework          and liquidity risk associated with the business.
                        to ensure regulatory compliance obligations are managed.
                        The Group’s exposure to all material risks is monitored
                        by Enterprise Risk and Compliance and this exposure,
                        and emerging risks, are regularly reported to the Risk and
                        Compliance Committee and the Board.

                        The Group’s income and operating cash flows are indirectly
                        impacted by changing market conditions through the impact
                        of market changes on the level of funds under management
                        and administration, and consequently management fee and
                        service fee revenue. Information has been provided below
                        only on the direct impact of changing market conditions to
                        the Group’s income and operating cash flows.




                        124 | Financial report
                        Market risk                                                         Credit risk
                        Price risk                                                          Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will fail to
                        Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future earnings       meet its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss
                        of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes         to the Group. Credit risk arises for the Group from cash,
                        in market prices (other than from interest rate risk or             receivables, financial assets measured at fair value through
                        currency risk, as described later). The financial instruments       profit or loss and financial assets measured at other
                        managed by the Group that are impacted by price risk                comprehensive income.
                        consist of investment in unit trusts measured at FVTPL and          The Group mitigates its credit risk by ensuring cash deposits
                        investment in equity instruments measured at FVOCI.                 are held with high credit quality financial institutions and
                        Financial instruments measured at fair value are exposed            other highly liquid investments are held with trusts operated
                        to price risk as the market price fluctuates. The price risk        by the Group. Where investments are held in units in a trust
                        associated with the units held in trusts is that the fair           operated by the Group, that trust is subject to the rules of
                        value of those units will fluctuate with movements in the           the trust deed and the investment in underlying assets is




For personal use only
                        redemption value of those units, which in turn is based on          subject to asset allocation guidelines.
                        the fair value of the underlying assets held by the trusts.         Receivables consist of management fees receivable, service
                        Sensitivity analysis on price risk                                  fees receivable and other amounts receivable from related
                                                                                            parties. These counterparties generally do not have an
                        At 30 June 2023, had the price of the units or underlying
                                                                                            independent credit rating, and the Group assesses the
                        equity exposure held by the Group in financial instruments
                                                                                            credit quality of the debtor considering its financial position,
                        measured at FVTPL increased/decreased by 10% (2022:
                                                                                            past experience with the debtor, and other available credit
                        10%) with all other variables held constant, gains/losses
                                                                                            risk information. In relation to management fees receivable,
                        recorded through profit or loss would increase/decrease by
                                                                                            the Group is contractually entitled to deduct such fees from
                        $0.3m (2022: $67.6m), and financial assets at FVOCI reserves
                                                                                            investors’ account balances, in accordance with the product
                        would increase/decrease by $0.1m (2022: $0.5m).
                                                                                            disclosure statements, and pass the fees to the Responsible
                        Currency risk                                                       Entity or Trustee. Due to this pass-through process
                        The Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk in relation           the embedded credit risk is considered minimal. Other
                        to the financial instruments of its foreign activities is           receivables are regularly monitored by management.
                        immaterial.                                                         The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date
                        Interest rate risk                                                  is the carrying value of the financial assets. The Group
                                                                                            does not hold any significant collateral as security over
                        Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash
                                                                                            its receivables and loans.
                        flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
                        changes in market interest rates. The financial instruments
                        held that are impacted by interest rate risk consist of
                        interest-bearing financial assets measured mandatorily
                        at fair value through profit or loss.

                        Sensitivity analysis interest rate risk
                        For interest-bearing financial assets measured at fair value
                        through profit or loss, a +/ – 100 basis points (2022: 100
                        basis points) change in the interest rate at the reporting
                        date would have decreased/increased post-tax profit by
                        $2.0m (2022: $3.3m), with all other variables held constant.
                        Equity would have been lower/higher by the same amount.




                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 125
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        The Group measures concentration of credit risk using Standard & Poor’s credit ratings or equivalents.

                                                                            AAA      AA+ to AA-         A+ to A-   BBB+ to BBB-       Not rated           Total
                         30 June 2023                                        $m              $m              $m             $m              $m              $m
                         Cash and cash equivalents                             –          501.1              4.5              –               –           505.6
                         Receivables                                           –               –               –              –           268.7           268.7
                         Other financial assets
                          Derivatives assets                                 0.4               –               –              –               –             0.4
                          Fixed income                                      30.5           71.7           113.2            63.1               –           278.5
                          Unlisted unit trusts                                 –               –               –              –             1.3             1.3
                          Equity investment measured at FVOCI                  –               –               –              –             2.1             2.1
                         Total financial assets                            30.9           572.8           117.7            63.1           272.1         1,056.6
                         30 June 2022                                        $m              $m              $m             $m              $m              $m




For personal use only
                         Cash and cash equivalents                             –          513.5              4.5              –               –           518.0
                         Receivables                                           –               –               –              –           685.3           685.3
                         Other financial assets
                          Derivatives assets                                 0.3               –               –              –               –             0.3
                          Fixed income                                      33.6           97.0            57.5            79.4               –           267.5
                          Unlisted unit trusts                                 –               –               –              –           965.2           965.2
                          Equity investment measured at FVOCI                  –               –               –             5.0            1.8             6.8
                         Total financial assets                            33.9           610.5            62.0            84.4         1,652.3         2,443.1

                        Liquidity risk
                        Liquidity risk relates to the Group having insufficient liquid assets to cover current liabilities and unforeseen expenses. The
                        Group maintains a prudent approach to managing liquidity risk exposure by maintaining sufficient liquid assets and an ability to
                        access a committed line of credit. It is managed by continuously monitoring actual and forecast cash flows and by matching the
                        maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. Temporary surplus funds are invested in highly liquid, low risk financial assets.

                        In addition, the Group had access to the following bank borrowing facilities at 30 June 2023:
                        • $313.0m facilities available under the SFA (2022: $275.0m). The terms of these facilities are described in Note 18
                           Borrowings; and
                        • $55.0m (2022: $55.0m) contingent liability facility of which $43.0m was used (30 June 2022: $31.5m).
                        The liquidity requirements for licensed entities in the Group are regularly reviewed and carefully monitored in accordance with
                        those licence requirements. The Group continuously monitors actual and forecast financial results to determine compliance with
                        banking covenants.




                        126 | Financial report
                        Maturities of financial liabilities
                        The tables below analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining years at the
                        balance date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed therein are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                                                                                                   Contractual cash flows
                                                                                                   Less than      1–5 years       5+ years            Total
                                                                                                      1 year
                         30 June 2023                                                                    $m             $m             $m              $m
                         Payables
                          Trade and other payables – corporate                                        195.2             0.6              –           195.8
                         Total payables                                                               195.2             0.6              –           195.8
                         Other financial liabilities
                          Deferred purchase consideration – corporate                                    0.1              –              –             0.1




For personal use only
                          Derivative liabilities – corporate                                             0.7           10.9            8.4            20.0
                         Total other financial liabilities                                               0.8           10.9            8.4            20.1
                         Leasing liabilities
                          Leasing liabilities – corporate                                              35.8            95.4           53.4           184.6
                         Total leasing liabilities                                                     35.8            95.4           53.4           184.6
                         Borrowings
                          Borrowings – corporate                                                           –         787.0               –           787.0
                         Total borrowings                                                                  –         787.0               –           787.0
                         Total cash flows for financial liabilities                                   231.8          893.9            61.8         1,187.5
                         30 June 2022                                                                    $m             $m             $m              $m
                         Payables
                          Trade and other payables – corporate                                        203.3             1.4              –           204.7
                          Ex-ANZ AL settlement – corporate                                            260.4               –              –           260.4
                          Payables – statutory                                                           2.1              –              –             2.1
                         Total payables                                                               465.8             1.4              –           467.2
                         Other financial liabilities
                          Deferred purchase consideration – corporate                                    7.3              –              –             7.3
                          Derivative liabilities – corporate                                             1.0           17.0            9.1            27.1
                          Insurance contract liabilities – statutory                                  154.8               –              –           154.8
                          Investment contract liabilities – statutory                                 919.0               –              –           919.0
                         Total other financial liabilities                                          1,082.1            17.0            9.1         1,108.2
                         Leasing liabilities
                          Leasing liabilities – corporate                                              38.8          114.1            68.2           221.1
                         Total leasing liabilities                                                     38.8          114.1            68.2           221.1
                         Borrowings
                          Borrowings – corporate                                                           –         790.0               –           790.0
                         Total borrowings                                                                  –         790.0               –           790.0
                         Total cash flows for financial liabilities                                 1,586.7          922.5            77.3         2,586.5




                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 127
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        23 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
                        The fair value of financial assets and liabilities traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the reporting date.
                        The quoted market price used for financial assets is the closing price. Where no quoted prices in an active market exist, the
                        Group uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of financial assets and liabilities.

                        Fair value of the compound embedded derivative contained in the Subordinated Loan Notes at Note 18 Borrowings is
                        determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation to simulate different scenarios of the underlying equity prices.

                        For investments in fixed income and derivatives where no quoted prices in an active market exist, valuation techniques using
                        observable market inputs for financial assets with similar credit risk, maturity and yield characteristics are used.

                        Units in unlisted trusts are measured at the redemption price.

                        Fair value hierarchy
                        The fair values of financial assets and liabilities are equal to the carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial position.
                        The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method.




For personal use only
                                                                                                       Level 1        Level 2         Level 3          Total
                         30 June 2023                                                                     $m              $m              $m             $m

                         Financial assets measured at fair value
                         Fair value through other comprehensive income – corporate                         2.1              –              –             2.1
                         Fixed income – corporate                                                           –          278.5               –           278.5
                         Derivatives – corporate                                                           0.2            0.2              –             0.4
                         Unlisted unit trusts – corporate                                                   –             1.3              –             1.3
                         Financial assets measured at fair value                                          2.3          280.0               –          282.3
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                         Derivatives – corporate                                                            –            18.5             1.5           20.0
                         Deferred purchase consideration – corporate                                        –               –             0.1            0.1
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value                                       –            18.5            1.6            20.1
                         30 June 2022                                                                     $m              $m              $m             $m

                         Financial assets measured at fair value
                         Fair value through other comprehensive income – corporate                         6.8              –              –             6.8
                         Fixed income – corporate                                                           –          267.5               –           267.5
                         Derivatives – corporate                                                           0.3              –              –             0.3
                         Unlisted unit trusts – corporate                                                   –             1.1              –             1.1
                         Unlisted unit trusts – statutory                                                   –          964.1               –           964.1
                         Financial assets measured at fair value                                          7.1         1,232.7              –         1,239.8
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                         Derivatives – corporate                                                            –            20.6             6.5           27.1
                         Deferred purchase consideration – corporate                                        –               –             1.3            1.3
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value                                       –            20.6            7.8            28.4




                        128 | Financial report
                        The definitions of each level and the valuation techniques used are as follows:

                        Level 1: quoted closing prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

                        Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. prices)
                        or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). Fair values are derived from published market indices and include adjustments to take
                        account of the credit risk of the Group entity and counterparty.

                        Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                        Transfers between levels
                        There were no transfers between Level 1 to Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the year ended 30 June 2023 (2022: nil).

                        Level 3 financial assets and liabilities
                         Reconciliation of movements in Level 3 financial liabilities                        Issued investment               Deferred purchase
                                                                                                          protection derivatives                 consideration




For personal use only
                                                                                                           2023              2022          2023             2022
                                                                                                             $m               $m             $m              $m

                         Opening balance as at 1 July                                                        6.5              9.0            1.3             3.4
                         Acquisition                                                                           –                –            0.1             0.3
                         Fair value movement                                                                 (5.0)           (2.5)             –                –
                         Adjustments to deferred purchase consideration                                        –                –              –             (1.6)
                         Settlement of deferred purchase consideration                                         –                –            (1.3)           (0.8)
                         Closing balance as at 30 June                                                       1.5              6.5            0.1             1.3

                        There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the year ended 30 June 2023 (2022: nil).

                        Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the following.
                        • Deferred purchase consideration in respect of client lists purchased by the Group, which is valued at best estimate of the
                           amount payable under the relevant contracts. The amount of deferred consideration payable is linked to the retention
                           of clients, which is an unobservable input and may decrease the value of the liability.
                        • Issued investment protection derivatives are term-based investment protection products issued by the Group. These
                           products provide protection to investors’ capital or a minimum level of income each year for a term of 10 or 20 years. These
                           derivatives are measured using market standard valuation models and assumptions. Significant unobservable inputs include
                           the underlying investments’ growth rate and the risk-free interest rate assumptions.

                        A 1% increase (1% decrease) in the underlying investments’ growth rate assumption would result in a decrease (increase) in
                        fair value by $0.3m (2022: $0.6m), holding all other variables constant. A 1% increase (1% decrease) in the risk-free interest rate
                        assumption would result in a decrease (increase) in fair value by $1.0m (2022: $2.5m), holding all other variables constant.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 129
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                        Section 6 – Group structure
                        24 Parent entity financials
                        As at and throughout the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the parent entity of the Group was Insignia Financial Ltd.

                                                                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                                                                            $m              $m

                         Result of the parent entity
                         Profit for the year                                                                                              175.5          283.2
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                         175.5           283.2
                         Financial position of parent entity at year end
                         Current assets                                                                                                    45.8            70.0
                         Total assets                                                                                                   3,199.4        3,960.4




For personal use only
                         Current liabilities                                                                                                6.5            37.6
                         Total liabilities                                                                                               966.3           819.9
                         Total equity of the parent entity comprising of:
                         Share capital                                                                                                  3,043.3         3,017.2
                         Reserves                                                                                                        (958.7)            4.8
                         Retained earnings                                                                                                148.5          118.5
                         Total equity                                                                                                   2,233.1        3,140.5


                        Parent entity contingent liabilities
                        Contingent liabilities of Insignia Financial Ltd exist in relation to claims and/or possible claims which, at the date of signing these
                        accounts, have not been resolved. An assessment of the likely loss to the Company and its controlled entities has been made
                        in respect of the identified claims, on a claim-by-claim basis, and specific provision has been made where appropriate. Insignia
                        Financial Ltd does not consider that the outcome of any other current proceedings, either individually or in aggregate, is likely
                        to materially affect its operations or financial position. Refer to Note 21 Commitments and contingencies for further information.

                                                                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                                                                            $m              $m

                         Guarantees and commitments
                         Rental bond guarantees                                                                                             1.4             1.4
                         AFSL guarantee                                                                                                     6.0             6.0
                         Other guarantee                                                                                                    0.1             0.1




                        130 | Financial report
                        25 Subsidiaries
                        Set out below is a list of material subsidiaries of the Group.

                                                                                            Country of    Ownership interest
                                                                                         incorporation
                                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                                                           %                %

                         Parent entity
                         Insignia Financial Ltd                                              Australia
                         Material subsidiaries
                         Actuate Alliance Services Pty Ltd                                   Australia   100              100
                         Antares Capital Partners Ltd                                        Australia   100              100
                         Australian Executor Trustees Limited                                Australia      –             100
                         Australian Wealth Management Limited                                Australia   100              100




For personal use only
                         Bridges Financial Services Pty Limited                              Australia   100              100
                         Consultum Financial Advisers Pty Ltd                                Australia   100              100
                         Financial Acuity Limited                                            Australia   100              100
                         Financial Investment Network Group Pty Limited                      Australia   100              100
                         Financial Services Partners Pty Limited                             Australia   100              100
                         Godfrey Pembroke Group Pty Limited                                  Australia   100              100
                         I.O.O.F. Investment Management Limited                              Australia   100              100
                         IOOF Equity Plans Trust                                             Australia   100              100
                         IOOF Investment Services Ltd                                        Australia   100              100
                         IOOF Ltd                                                            Australia   100              100
                         IOOF Service Co Pty Ltd                                             Australia   100              100
                         Lonsdale Financial Group Limited                                    Australia   100              100
                         Millennium 3 Financial Services Pty Ltd                             Australia   100              100
                         MLC Asset Management Pty Limited                                    Australia   100              100
                         MLC Asset Management Holdings Limited                               Australia   100              100
                         MLC Asset Management Services Limited                               Australia   100              100
                         MLC Investments Limited                                             Australia   100              100
                         MLC Lifetime Company Limited                                        Australia   100              100
                         MLC Wealth Limited                                                  Australia   100              100
                         MLC Wealth Holdings Limited                                         Australia   100              100
                         Navigator Australia Limited                                         Australia   100              100
                         NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited                                  Australia   100              100
                         NWMH Sub Ltd                                                        Australia   100              100
                         Oasis Asset Management Limited                                      Australia   100              100
                         Oasis Fund Management Limited                                       Australia   100              100
                         OnePath Custodians Pty Limited                                      Australia   100              100
                         OnePath Funds Management Limited                                    Australia   100              100
                         RI Advice Group Pty Ltd                                             Australia   100              100
                         SFG Australia Limited                                               Australia   100              100
                         Shadforth Financial Group Limited                                   Australia   100              100




                                                                                                          Financial report | 131
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        Unconsolidated structured entities
                        The Group has interests in various structured entities that are not consolidated. An ‘interest’ in an unconsolidated structured
                        entity is any form of contractual or non-contractual involvement which exposes the Group to variability of returns from the
                        performance of that entity. Such interests include holdings of seed capital for the purpose of supporting the establishment
                        of new products.

                        The Group has investments in managed investment funds through its asset management subsidiaries. Control of these
                        managed investment funds may exist since the Group has power over the activities of the fund. However, these funds have
                        not been consolidated because the Group is not exposed to significant variability in returns from the funds. The Group earns
                        management fees from the management of these investment funds which are commensurate with the services provided and
                        are reported in external management and service fees revenue in Note 3 Revenue. Management fees are generally based on
                        the value of the assets under management. Therefore, the fees earned are impacted by the composition of the assets under
                        management and fluctuations in financial markets.

                        Investment funds are investment vehicles that consist of a pool of funds collected from several investors for the purpose of




For personal use only
                        investing in securities such as money market instruments, debt securities, equity securities and other similar assets. For all
                        investment funds, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss is $518,036 (2022: $452,822) which is the carrying amount of the
                        investment in the fund.

                        26 Associates
                        Associates are those entities over which the Group has significant influence, but not control, over their financial and
                        operating policies.

                        Details of the Group’s material associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows.

                         Associate                                Year-end     Country of               Ownership        Carrying value             Share of
                                                                               incorporation              interest                                profit/(loss)
                                                                                                    2023      2022      2023      2022      2023        2022
                                                                                                       %         %        $m        $m        $m          $m

                         Intermede Investment Partners Limited    31-Dec       UK                    40.0      40.0      54.8      55.4       7.7         8.2
                         JANA Investment Advisers Pty Ltd         30-Sep       Australia                –      45.0         –      27.5       1.3         3.8
                         Fairview Equity Partners Pty Ltd         30-Sep       Australia             40.0      40.0       2.9       4.2       0.4         2.7
                         Other associates                                                                                 1.4       1.4           –       (1.3)
                                                                                                                         59.1      88.5       9.4        13.4

                        Intermede Investment Partners Limited (Intermede) is an institutional global equity fund manager focused on global
                        equity strategy.

                        JANA Investment Advisers Pty Ltd (JANA) is an Australian based investment consulting company which provides investment
                        consulting services to institutional clients including corporate, industry and public sector superannuation funds as well as
                        charities, insurers, foundations and endowment funds. The Group divested its shareholding in JANA at the end of January 2023.

                        Fairview Equity Partners Pty Ltd (Fairview) is a boutique Australian fund manager exclusively focused on investing in Australian
                        small companies’ equities.




                        132 | Financial report
                        The following table summarises the 2023 financial information of the Group’s material associates. All fair values and accounting
                        policies of the associates are consistent with those of the Group.

                                                                                                Intermede                     JANA                  Fairview
                                                                                        2023          2022       2023*        2022        2023          2022
                                                                                         $m            $m          $m          $m           $m           $m

                            Beneficial ownership interest                               40%           40%          0%         45%         40%           40%
                            Current assets                                              22.0          22.3           –        16.3          1.8          6.5
                            Non-current assets                                           0.5           0.5           –        12.0          0.2          0.1
                            Current liabilities                                         (7.0)          (8.5)         –        (14.2)       (0.3)         (0.6)
                            Non-current liabilities                                        –             –           –         (8.5)          –             –
                            Net assets (100%)                                           15.5          14.3           –         5.6          1.7          6.0
                            Insignia Financial Group’s share of net assets               6.2           5.7           –         2.5          0.7          2.4




For personal use only
                            Intangibles on investment                                   48.6          49.7           –        25.0          2.2          1.8
                            Carrying value of interest in associates                    54.8          55.4           –        27.5          2.9          4.2
                            Revenue (100%)                                              36.9          36.3        31.4        53.8          4.3         11.3
                            Profit and total comprehensive income (100%)                19.2          20.5         2.9         8.6          1.1          6.7
                            Profit and total comprehensive income (% interest)           7.7           8.2         1.3         3.8          0.4          2.7
                            Total profit and total comprehensive income                  7.7           8.2         1.3         3.8          0.4          2.7
                            Dividends received by the Group                              8.3           6.7         1.3         3.3          1.7          1.6

                        *     Amounts relating to part year ownership by the Group.


                        None of the Group’s equity-accounted investees are publicly            An impairment loss in respect of an associate is measured
                        listed entities and consequently do not have published price           by comparing the recoverable amount of the investment
                        quotations.                                                            with its carrying amount. Recoverable amount is the higher
                                                                                               of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
                        Dividends received from associates
                                                                                               assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
                        During the year, the Group has received dividends of $11.3m            discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
                        (2022: $12.0m) from its associates.                                    rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
                        Accounting policies                                                    value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
                                                                                               the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
                        Interests in associates are accounted for using the equity
                                                                                               An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss and is
                        method. They are initially recognised at cost, which includes
                                                                                               reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
                        any transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                                                                                               estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
                        the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
                        share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive
                        income of the associates, until the date on which significant
                        influence ceases.




                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 133
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        27 Related party transactions                             28 Discontinued operations
                        Ultimate parent entity                                    Australian Executor Trustees Limited and
                        Insignia Financial Ltd is the ultimate parent entity      AET PAF Pty Ltd
                        in the Group.                                             On 30 November 2022, the Group completed the sale
                                                                                  of the AET businesses to EQT Holdings Limited (Equity
                        Investment in related entities
                                                                                  Trustees). The AET businesses includes Australian Executor
                        Through one of its subsidiaries, the Group (excluding     Trustees Limited and AET PAF Pty Ltd (collectively AET).
                        statutory funds) holds $527,827 (2022: $452,822)
                        investments in managed investment schemes that meet       Net proceeds from the sale have been used to reduce debt.
                        the definition of related parties.                        For financial reporting purposes, the results of the AET
                        Transactions with key management personnel                businesses are presented as discontinued operations.

                        Key management personnel compensation                     Details of the sale of the AET businesses
                        Details of key management personnel compensation                                                                  2023




For personal use only
                        are disclosed in Note 33 Key management personnel to
                                                                                                                                              $m
                        the financial statements and in the Remuneration Report
                                                                                   Consideration received                                132.6
                        section of the Directors’ Report.
                                                                                   Transaction costs                                         (3.1)
                        Loans to key management personnel
                                                                                   Carrying amount of net assets sold                     (65.6)
                        There are no loans between the Group and key
                                                                                   Release from reserve                                       2.7
                        management personnel.
                                                                                   Gain on sale before tax                                   66.6
                        Other transactions with key management                     Income tax expense on gain                             (23.4)
                        personnel of the Group
                                                                                   Gain on sale after tax                                    43.2
                        Key management personnel and their related parties held
                        investments in related underlying managed investment      Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations
                        schemes and superannuation funds.
                                                                                  Major classes of assets and liabilities of the AET businesses
                        There were no other transactions with key management      at the time of sale are as follows:
                        personnel of the Group during the 2023 and 2022
                        financial years.                                                                                           30 Nov 2022
                                                                                                                                              $m
                                                                                   Cash                                                       9.2
                                                                                   Receivables                                                6.7
                                                                                   Property and equipment                                     2.0
                                                                                   Intangible assets                                         11.0
                                                                                   Goodwill                                                  46.4
                                                                                   Payables                                                  (1.2)
                                                                                   Provisions                                                (5.0)
                                                                                   Lease liabilities                                         (2.1)
                                                                                   Deferred tax liabilities                                  (1.4)
                                                                                   Net assets sold                                           65.6




                        134 | Financial report
                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                  $m               $m
                        Revenue                                                  17.9            38.2
                        Expenses                                                (12.6)           (25.1)
                        Income tax expense                                       (1.5)            (3.9)
                        Gain on sale of discontinued operation                   66.6                –
                        Related income taxes                                    (23.4)               –
                        Profit from discontinued operations                      47.0              9.2
                        Profit from discontinued operations attributable to:
                        Owners of the entity                                     47.0              9.2
                        Non-controlling interest                                    –                –
                        Profit for the year from discontinued operations         47.0              9.2




For personal use only
                        Earnings per share from discontinued operations
                        Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                7.1              1.4
                        Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)              7.1              1.4
                        Cash flows from discontinued operations
                        Net cash provided by operating activities                11.0            19.1
                        Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities   129.5             (0.1)
                        Net cash provided by discontinued operations            140.5            19.0
                        UNPAT from discontinued operations
                        Profit for the year from discontinued operations         47.0              9.2
                        Underlying net profit after tax (UNPAT) adjustments:
                         Gain on sale of discontinued operations                (66.6)               –
                         Amortisation of intangible assets                        0.6              1.8
                         Related income taxes                                    23.2             (0.5)
                        UNPAT from discontinued operations                        4.2            10.5




                                                                                  Financial report | 135
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        29 Assets and liabilities held for sale

                                                                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                                                                                    $m              $m
                            Cash – corporate                                                                                        7.7            12.8
                            Cash – statutory*                                                                                       6.9               –
                            Receivables – corporate                                                                                 0.7             3.3
                            Receivables – statutory*                                                                               81.7               –
                            Other financial assets – corporate                                                                      3.9               –
                            Other financial assets – statutory*                                                                 1,020.1               –
                            Other assets – corporate                                                                                0.7               –
                            Property and equipment – corporate                                                                      1.6             2.4
                            Intangible assets – corporate                                                                             –            11.7




For personal use only
                            Goodwill – corporate                                                                                   24.7            46.4
                            Assets held for sale                                                                                1,148.0            76.6
                            Payables – corporate                                                                                    0.7             0.7
                            Payables – statutory*                                                                                  11.3               –
                            Other financial liabilities – statutory*                                                            1,081.9               –
                            Provisions – corporate                                                                                    –             5.5
                            Lease liabilities – corporate                                                                             –             2.3
                            Deferred tax liabilities – corporate                                                                    0.2             1.7
                            Deferred tax liabilities – statutory*                                                                  11.3               –
                            Liabilities associated with assets held for sale                                                    1,105.4            10.2

                        *     Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.


                        Divestment of IOOF Ltd                                           Australian Executor Trustees Limited and AET PAF
                        On 24 July 2023, the Group executed a share sale                 Pty Ltd
                        agreement with Australian Unity Ltd (AUL) to sell its friendly   On 30 November 2022, the Group completed the sale of
                        society investment bond business through the divestment          AET to Equity Trustees. The assets and liabilities held for sale
                        of IOOF Ltd.                                                     as at 30 June 2022 related to the AET businesses.

                        The Group will be paid total consideration of up to              Other assets held for sale
                        $40m comprising $36m in cash upon completion, plus               Other financial assets held for sale balance at 30 June 2023
                        an additional contingent amount of up to $4m payable             includes $3.9m related to the Group’s investment in a
                        12 months after completion, subject to the transition of         listed equity investment. The investment was previously
                        clients and funds under management to AUL.                       presented as financial assets measured at fair value through
                        The Group will provide a number of services to IOOF Ltd          other comprehensive income. The cumulative income
                        under a transitional services agreement for an initial period    recognised in other comprehensive income relating to this
                        of 12 months. The Group and AUL will also enter a strategic      investment is $0.4m.
                        alliance agreement to support the mutual aim of providing        Property and equipment held for sale balance at
                        financial wellbeing to all Australians.                          30 June 2023 relates to the planned sale of land and
                        Completion of the transaction is subject to relevant             buildings.
                        regulator approvals.




                        136 | Financial report
                        30 Statutory funds                                                        The Group will be paid total consideration of up to
                        A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society              $40m comprising $36m in cash upon completion, plus
                        in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. Balances                  an additional contingent amount of up to $4m payable
                        below are disclosed inclusive of amounts collected/                       12 months after completion, subject to the transition of
                        receivable from or paid/payable to Group entities. Statutory              clients and funds under management to AUL.
                        funds are not available to shareholders.                                  The Group will provide a number of services to IOOF Ltd
                                                                                                  under a transitional services agreement for an initial period
                        Divestment of IOOF Ltd
                                                                                                  of 12 months. The Group and AUL will also enter a strategic
                        On 24 July 2023, the Group executed a share sale agreement
                                                                                                  alliance agreement to support the mutual aim of providing
                        with AUL to sell its friendly society investment bond
                                                                                                  financial wellbeing to all Australians.
                        business through the divestment of IOOF Ltd.
                                                                                                  Completion of the transaction is subject to relevant
                                                                                                  regulator approvals.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                  Statutory funds
                                                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                                                                            $m               $m

                         Statutory funds revenue
                         Interest income                                                                                                    1.9              0.6
                         Dividends and distributions received                                                                              44.1             71.0
                         Net fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                   59.5           (128.5)
                         Investment contracts with DPF
                          Contributions received – investment contracts with DPF                                                            2.9              6.6
                          Decrease in DPF policyholder liability                                                                           12.6             17.0
                          (Decrease)/Increase in non-DPF policyholder liability                                                           (67.7)            38.6
                          Other fee revenue                                                                                                 2.2              2.3
                         Total statutory funds revenue                                                                                     55.5              7.6
                         Statutory funds expenses
                         Service and marketing fees expense                                                                                 7.9              8.2
                         Investment contracts with DPF
                          Benefits and withdrawals paid                                                                                    18.9             22.6
                          Interest                                                                                                          0.3                 –
                         Total statutory funds expenses                                                                                    27.1             30.8
                         Income tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                      28.4             (23.2)
                         Statutory funds contribution to profit or loss, net of tax                                                           –                 –


                        Investment contracts with discretionary                                   Other investment contracts
                        participation feature (DPF)                                               The value of these liabilities changes in relation to the
                        The value of these liabilities change due to the change                   change in unit prices for unit linked contracts, and are
                        in unit prices for unit linked contracts, and are reduced                 reduced by management fee charges. In accordance with
                        by management fee charges. In accordance with the                         the rules of the funds, any remaining surplus is attributed
                        rules of the funds, any remaining surplus is attributed to                to the members of the funds. Amounts distributable to
                        the policyholders. Adjustments to the liabilities at each                 members are recorded in profit or loss as an expense.
                        reporting date are recorded in profit or loss.
                                                                                                  There is no claims expense in respect of life investment
                                                                                                  contracts. Surrenders and withdrawals which relate to life
                                                                                                  investment contracts are treated as a movement in life
                                                                                                  investment contract liabilities. Surrenders are recognised
                                                                                                  when the policyholder formally notifies of their intention
                                                                                                  to end the policy previously contracted.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report | 137
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        Insurance contract liabilities and claims expense                is no circumstances known that would indicate that the
                        A claims expense is recognised when the liability to             current position (i.e. general experience levels and ongoing
                        the policyholder under the policy contract has been              profitability) will not continue into the future.
                        established, or upon notification of the insured event.          Sensitivity analysis
                        Withdrawal components of life insurance contracts are not
                                                                                         The policy liabilities are not sensitive to changes in
                        expenses and are treated as movements in life insurance
                                                                                         variables within a moderate range. Increases in mortality
                        contract liabilities.
                                                                                         and morbidity assumptions will result in an increase in
                        Actuarial assumptions and methods                                gross policy liabilities for Group, however as the mortality
                        The effective date of the actuarial report on the policy         and morbidity risk is fully reinsured any change in these
                        liabilities and capital adequacy reserves is 30 June 2023.       assumptions would be consistent with the reinsurer’s
                        The actuarial report for IOOF Ltd was prepared by                assumptions and the net change in policy liabilities
                        Mr Andrew Mead, FIAA, dated 10 August 2023. The                  would be nil.
                        actuarial report indicates that Mr Mead is satisfied as to       Disclosures on asset restrictions, managed assets




For personal use only
                        the accuracy of the data upon which the policy liabilities       and trustee activities
                        have been determined.
                                                                                         Restrictions on assets
                        Actuarial methods                                                Investments held in life statutory funds can only be used
                        Policy liabilities have been calculated in accordance with       in accordance with the relevant regulatory restrictions
                        relevant actuarial guidance issued by the Australian             imposed under the Life Insurance Act 1995 and associated
                        Prudential Regulation Authority under the Life Insurance Act     rules and regulations. The main restrictions are that the
                        1995. Policy liabilities are based on a systematic release of    assets in a life statutory fund can only be used to meet the
                        planned margins as services are provided to policyholders        liabilities and expenses of that life statutory fund, to acquire
                        and premiums are received.                                       investments to further the business of the life statutory
                                                                                         fund or as distributions when capital adequacy and other
                        Key assumptions
                                                                                         regulatory requirements are met.
                        Mortality and morbidity
                                                                                         Managed funds and other fiduciary duties
                        All mortality and morbidity risk is fully reinsured and the
                        gross risk to the Group is low. The mortality and morbidity      Entities in the Group, including the IOOF Ltd statutory funds,
                        assumptions have been taken to be equal to the reinsurer’s       hold controlling investments in managed funds. A subsidiary
                        mortality and morbidity assumptions.                             of the Company is the Responsible Entity for these managed
                                                                                         funds and has a fiduciary responsibility for managing these
                        Other assumptions                                                trusts. Arrangements are in place to ensure that such
                        In adopting the accumulation method to assess the                activities are managed separately from the other activities
                        policy liabilities, one material assumption is required. It is   of the Group.
                        assumed that the future overall experience as to expense
                        levels, surrender/lapse rates and discount rates will likely
                        remain within a satisfactory range so that the policies
                        produce future profits for the business. In which case,
                        there is no need to set aside provisions, in addition to
                        the accumulation amounts, for future losses (i.e., there
                        is no loss recognition concerns for the business). This
                        assumption has been adopted on the basis that, based on
                        the current actual experience of the business, the policies
                        are producing satisfactory profits for the business and there




                        138 | Financial report
                        Capital adequacy position
                        Capital adequacy reserves are required to meet the prudential standards determined in accordance with Prudential Standard
                        LPS 110 Capital Adequacy issued by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority under paragraph 230A(1)(a) of the Life
                        Insurance Act 1995. Capital adequacy reserves provide additional protection to policy holders against the impact of fluctuations
                        and unexpected adverse circumstances on the Company.

                        The figures in the table below represent the number of times coverage of the aggregate of all statutory funds in IOOF Ltd over
                        the prescribed capital amount.

                                                                                                                                                Statutory
                                                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                                                      $m              $m
                         (a) Capital base                                                                                            15.5            15.6
                         (b) Prescribed capital amount                                                                                6.8             7.1




For personal use only
                         Capital in excess of prescribed capital amount = (a) – (b)                                                   8.7             8.5
                         Capital adequacy multiple (%) (a) / (b)                                                                   228%             220%
                         Capital base comprises:
                         Net assets                                                                                                  15.5            15.6
                         Regulatory adjustment applied in calculation of Tier 1 capital                                                 –                –
                         (A) Common equity Tier 1 capital                                                                            15.5            15.6
                         (B) Total additional Tier 1 capital                                                                            –                –
                         Tier 2 capital                                                                                                 –                –
                         Regulatory adjustment applied in calculation of Tier 2 capital                                                 –                –
                         (C) Total Tier 2 capital                                                                                       –                –
                         Total capital base                                                                                          15.5            15.6

                        For detailed capital adequacy information on the statutory funds, refer to the financial statements prepared by IOOF Ltd.




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 139
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023


                        Section 7 – Other disclosures
                        31 Defined benefit plan
                        The Group contributes to a post-employment defined benefit plan, the National Wealth Management Superannuation Plan (the
                        plan). The plan entitles employees to receive certain retirement benefits based on a fixed percentage of each employee’s annual
                        remuneration and the years of service.

                        The plan is a sub-plan of the MLC Super Fund. The Trustee of the MLC Super Fund, NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited, is a
                        subsidiary of the Group. The Trustee of the MLC Super Fund is required by law to act in the best interests of the plan participants
                        and is responsible for setting certain policies of the fund.

                        The defined benefit plan exposes the Group to actuarial risks, such as investment risk, salary growth risk, liquidity risk,
                        sequencing risk (due to the plan being closed to new defined benefit members) and legislative risk.

                        The amount included in the statement of financial position arising from the Group’s obligation in respect of its defined benefit
                        retirement benefit plan is as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                         $m              $m

                         Present value of defined benefit obligation                                                                    (22.6)          (24.5)
                         Fair value of plan assets                                                                                      43.9            44.6
                         Net surplus arising from defined benefit obligation                                                            21.3            20.1

                        Amounts recognised in profit or loss in respect of these defined benefit plans are as follows.

                                                                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                                                                         $m              $m

                         Current service cost                                                                                            (1.1)           (1.4)
                         Interest cost                                                                                                   0.8             0.2
                         Contribution tax expense                                                                                        0.1             (0.2)
                                                                                                                                         (0.2)           (1.4)

                        Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                                                                         $m              $m

                         Actuarial gains arising from experience adjustments                                                             1.4             3.9
                         Movement in contribution tax adjustment                                                                         0.1             0.5
                                                                                                                                         1.5             4.4




                        140 | Financial report
                        Funding
                        The plan is fully funded by MLC Wealth Limited (a subsidiary of the Company). In Australia, superannuation is regulated by the
                        Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA). APRA’s Prudential Standard SPS 160 Defined Benefit Matters requires the
                        plan’s vested benefit index (plan’s assets divided by vested benefits) to be no less than 100%. The Trustee of the plan is required
                        to ensure that a formal actuarial investigation is completed at least every three years using the projected unit credit method and
                        updated on an annual basis for material movements in the plan position.

                        Based on the strong financial position of the plan and the actuary’s recommendation, the Group does not expect to pay
                        contributions to its defined benefit plan in 2024.

                        Plan assets
                        Plan assets comprise the following:

                                                                                                                              30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                       $m              $m




For personal use only
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     1.7             1.3
                         Equity instruments                                                                                           27.1            27.7
                         Debt instruments                                                                                              9.2             8.9
                         Real estate investment funds                                                                                  3.1             3.6
                         Other                                                                                                         2.8             3.1
                         Fair value of plan assets                                                                                    43.9            44.6

                        Plan assets are invested into a managed investment portfolio. These investments do not have a quoted market price in an
                        active market.

                        Movements in the fair value of the plan assets in the year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                                                                       $m              $m
                         Opening fair value of plan assets                                                                            44.6            48.0
                         Return on plan assets                                                                                         0.9             (1.2)
                         Interest on plan assets                                                                                       1.9             0.6
                         Benefits paid                                                                                                 (3.6)           (3.0)
                         Plan expenses                                                                                                 (0.1)           (0.2)
                         Movement in contribution tax adjustment                                                                       0.2             0.4
                         Closing fair value of plan assets                                                                            43.9            44.6




                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 141
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        Defined benefit obligation
                        Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation in the year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                                                                         $m              $m
                         Opening defined benefit obligation                                                                            (24.5)          (30.8)
                         Current service cost                                                                                           (1.1)           (1.4)
                         Interest cost                                                                                                  (1.1)           (0.4)
                         Actuarial gains arising from experience adjustments                                                             0.5             5.1
                         Benefits paid                                                                                                   3.6             3.0
                         Closing defined benefit obligation                                                                            (22.6)          (24.5)

                        The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations were as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                30 June 2023    30 June 2022

                         Discount rate                                                                                                4.85%           4.85%
                         Expected rate of salary increase                                                                              3.0%            3.0%
                         Expected future lifetime at the age of 60
                          Male                                                                                                    22.6 years      22.6 years
                          Female                                                                                                  26.0 years      26.0 years

                        At 30 June 2023, the weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligation was five years (2022: five years). Based on
                        the current assumptions, benefit payments of approximately $4.0m are expected in 2024 followed by further benefits of
                        approximately $13.0m over the next four years.

                        Reasonable possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions
                        constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.

                                                                                               30 June 2023     30 June 2023    30 June 2022    30 June 2022
                                                                                                   Increase        Decrease        Increase        Decrease
                                                                                                        $m              $m              $m              $m
                         Discount rate (1% movement)                                                    (0.9)           0.9             (1.0)            1.0
                         Compensation rate (1% movement)                                                0.9             (0.9)            1.0            (1.0)
                         Mortality rate (10% movement)                                                  0.2             (0.2)            0.2            (0.2)

                        Although the analysis does not take account of the full distribution of cash flows expected under the plan, it does provide an
                        approximation of the sensitivity of the assumptions shown.




                        142 | Financial report
                        32 Share-based payments
                        The Group operates a number of employee share schemes operated by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust (the Trust). The
                        performance rights plans were approved by the Board of Directors.

                        Executive and employee performance rights plan
                        The executive and employee performance rights plans are used to deliver equity based incentives to executives and senior
                        employees of the Group.

                        Each executive or employee receives ordinary shares of the Company on vesting of the performance rights. No amounts are
                        paid or payable by the recipient on receipt of the performance rights or on vesting.

                        The performance rights carry neither rights to dividends nor voting rights prior to vesting. All plans are equity-settled. On vesting
                        of performance rights, ordinary shares are transferred to the executive or employee’s name.

                        A mandatory deferral period exists relating to Executive STIs awarded in 2019. On vesting of performance rights, ordinary shares
                        are held in trust. The employee receives all dividends on the ordinary shares while held in trust.




For personal use only
                        Deferred shares
                        Deferred shares are shares that have vested under an Executive Performance Rights Plan and are held in holding lock for
                        a period of time before being transferred to participants.

                                                                                                                 Performance       Deferred             Total
                                                                                                                       rights        shares

                                                                                                                         No.            No.              No.

                         Opening balance at 1 July 2022                                                            3,313,991        150,750       3,464,741
                         Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                                        (434,195)              –       (434,195)
                         Exercised or transferred during the year                                                   (192,886)      (150,750)       (343,636)
                         Granted during the year                                                                   3,228,882               –      3,228,882
                         Outstanding at 30 June 2023                                                               5,915,792               –      5,915,792
                         Exercisable at 30 June 2023                                                                        –              –                –


                        Inputs for measurement of grant date fair values granted during the financial year
                        The grant date fair values of share-based payment plans granted during the year were measured based on a binomial options
                        pricing model for non-market performance conditions and a monte-carlo simulation model for market performance conditions.
                        Expected volatility is estimated by considering historic average share price volatility. The inputs used in the measurement of the
                        fair values at grant date of the share-based payment plans are as follows:

                         Series                                           Fair     Grant date       Expected        Expected       Dividend        Risk-free
                                                                         value         share        volatility            life         yield   interest rate
                                                                                        price                          (years)
                         2023-01 Other employees                         $2.38          $3.37            42%               3          7.00%           3.16%
                         2023-02 Executives and others                   $2.45          $3.45            44%               4          6.84%           3.08%
                         2023-03 Other employees                         $2.71          $3.27            39%               3          7.22%           3.24%




                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 143
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        Disclosure of share-based payment plans
                         Series – recipient                        Exercise      Opening       Granted      Forfeited      Exercised        Closing
                                                                      price      balance                    or lapsed                       balance
                                                                               1 July 2022                                              30 June 2023
                                                                         $            No.          No.            No.            No.            No.

                         Performance rights
                         2019-01 Executives                             nil       87,000             –        (87,000)             –              –
                         2019-05 Other employees                        nil       63,750             –        (63,750)             –              –
                         2020-02 Executives and others                  nil      321,500             –       (155,750)      (165,750)             –
                         2020-03 Other employees                        nil       27,136             –              –        (27,136)             –
                         2021-01 Other employees                        nil       69,517             –              –              –         69,517
                         2021-02 Other employees                        nil      271,043             –         (9,072)             –        261,971




For personal use only
                         2021-03 Executives and others                  nil      840,536             –              –              –        840,536
                         2022-01 Other employees                        nil       64,640             –         (1,870)             –         62,770
                         2022-02 Other employees                        nil      294,470             –        (39,091)             –        255,379
                         2022-03 Executives and others                  nil    1,274,399             –        (45,838)             –      1,228,561
                         2023-01 Other employees                        nil             –     1,035,450       (31,824)             –      1,003,626
                         2023-02 Executives and others                  nil             –     2,098,735             –              –      2,098,735
                         2023-03 Other employees                        nil             –       94,697              –              –         94,697
                                                                               3,313,991     3,228,882       (434,195)      (192,886)     5,915,792
                         Deferred shares
                         2019-01 Executives                             nil       87,000             –              –        (87,000)             –
                         2019-05 Other employees                        nil       63,750             –              –        (63,750)             –
                                                                                 150,750             –              –       (150,750)             –
                                                                               3,464,741     3,228,882       (434,195)      (343,636)     5,915,792

                        The following share-based payment arrangements were in existence during the current and comparative reporting years:

                         Performance rights series – recipient                                 Exercise       Earliest   Last tranche Performance-
                                                                                                  price       vesting    vesting date       related
                                                                                                                 date                       vesting
                                                                                                                                         conditions
                         2019-01 Executives                                                         nil     30-Jun-21      30-Jun-21            TSR
                         2019-05 Other employees                                                    nil     30-Jun-21      30-Jun-21            TSR
                         2020-02 Executives and other employees                                     nil     30-Jun-22      30-Jun-22            TSR
                         2020-03 Other employees                                                    nil     30-Jun-22      30-Jun-22            n/a
                         2021-01 Other employees                                                    nil     30-Jun-23      30-Jun-23            n/a
                         2021-02 Other employees                                                    nil     30-Jun-23      30-Jun-23            TSR
                         2021-03 Executives and other employees                                     nil     30-Jun-24      30-Jun-24            TSR
                         2022-01 Other employees                                                    nil     30-Jun-24      30-Jun-24            n/a
                         2022-02 Other employees                                                    nil     30-Jun-24      30-Jun-24            TSR
                         2022-03 Executives and other employees                                     nil     30-Jun-25      30-Jun-25            TSR
                         2023-01 Other employees                                                    nil     30-Jun-25      30-Jun-25            TSR
                         2022-02 Executives and other employees                                     nil     30-Jun-26      30-Jun-26            TSR
                         2023-03 Other employees                                                    nil     30-Jun-25      30-Jun-25            n/a




                        144 | Financial report
                        The breakdown of share-based payments expense for the           33 Key management personnel
                        year by recipient is as follows. This represents the expense
                                                                                                                                2023            2022
                        recorded to date and does not reflect the opportunity to
                        transfer to retained profits the value of those legacy series                                              $                $

                        that will lapse.                                                 Short-term employee benefits      7,327,732      6,882,495
                                                                                         Post-employment benefits           243,842         210,602
                            Recipient                            2023           2022
                                                                                         Share-based payments              1,753,283      1,289,623
                                                                   $m             $m
                                                                                                                          9,324,857       8,382,720
                         Chief Executive Officer                   0.6            0.5
                         Executives                                1.2            0.8   Key management personnel compensation reconciles to
                         Other employees                           2.1            1.6   disclosures in the Remuneration report as follows:

                                                                   3.9            2.9
                                                                                                                                2023            2022
                                                                                                                                   $                $
                        Accounting policies




For personal use only
                                                                                         Executives                        7,926,119      6,988,301
                        The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards
                        granted to employees is recognised as a share-based              Non-executive directors           1,398,738      1,394,419
                        payment expense, with a corresponding increase in the                                             9,324,857       8,382,720
                        share-based payments reserve, over the years that the
                        employees unconditionally become entitled to the awards.        Individual Directors’ and executives’
                        The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to              compensation
                        reflect the number of awards for which the related service
                                                                                        Information regarding individual Directors’ and executives’
                        and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be
                                                                                        compensation and equity instruments disclosures as
                        met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an
                                                                                        required by Corporations Regulation 2M.3.03 is provided
                        expense is based on the number of awards that meet the
                                                                                        in the Remuneration report section of the Directors’ report.
                        related service and non-market performance conditions
                                                                                        No Director has entered into a material contract with the
                        at vesting date.
                                                                                        Group since the end of the prior financial year and there
                        The fair value at grant date is independently determined        were no material contracts involving directors’ interests
                        where considered appropriate. The option pricing model          existing at year-end.
                        used considers the exercise price, the term of the option,
                                                                                        34 Remuneration of auditor
                        the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and
                        expected price volatility of the underlying share, the                                                  2023            2022
                        expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate                                                    $                $
                        for the term of the option.                                      Audit services
                        Shares held by the Trust will contribute to the employee         Financial reports – Group         2,631,420      2,958,720
                        allocation of shares on satisfaction of vesting performance      Financial reports – managed       3,653,151      4,873,164
                        hurdles. The Group has no right to recall placed shares.         funds and superannuation
                                                                                         funds
                        However, the Group instructs a third party who acts as
                        Trustee of the Trust and can direct the voting rights of         Total audit services              6,284,571      7,831,884
                        shares held.                                                     Assurance services

                        Shares in the Company held by the Trust are classified           Regulatory assurance services     2,106,119      2,412,524
                        and disclosed as treasury shares and deducted from share         Other assurance services           230,625         659,162
                        capital. Dividends received by the Trust are recorded as         Total assurance services          2,336,744      3,071,686
                        dividend income in the financial statements of the Trust         Other services
                        and are eliminated on consolidation.
                                                                                         Taxation services                   29,041         113,997
                                                                                         Advisory services                  161,000         159,326
                                                                                         Other services                            –         89,688
                                                                                         Total other services               190,041         363,011
                                                                                         Total auditor’s remuneration     8,811,356     11,266,581

                                                                                        The auditor of the Company is KPMG Australia. All amounts
                                                                                        payable to the auditor of the Company were paid by a
                                                                                        Group company.


                                                                                                                                 Financial report | 145
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        35 Subsequent events                                            Dividends
                        Divestment of IOOF Ltd                                          The Directors have declared the payment of a final
                                                                                        dividend of 9.3 cents per share, unfranked, to be paid
                        On 24 July 2023, the Group executed a share sale agreement
                                                                                        on 3 October 2023.
                        with AUL to sell its friendly society investment bond
                        business through the divestment of IOOF Ltd.                    Other matters
                        The Group will be paid total consideration of up to             The Directors are not aware of any other matter or
                        $40m comprising $36m in cash upon completion, plus              circumstance not otherwise dealt with in this report, or the
                        an additional contingent amount of up to $4m payable            accompanying financial statements and notes thereto, that
                        12 months after completion, subject to the transition           has arisen since 30 June 2023 that has significantly affected,
                        of clients and funds under management to AUL.                   or may significantly affect:
                                                                                        • the Group’s operations in future financial years; or
                        The Group will provide a number of services to IOOF Ltd
                        under a transitional services agreement for an initial period   • the results of those operations in future
                        of 12 months. The Group and AUL will also enter a strategic        financial years; or




For personal use only
                        alliance agreement to support the mutual aim of providing       • the Group’s state of affairs in future financial years.
                        financial wellbeing to all Australians.

                        Completion of the transaction is subject to relevant
                        regulator approvals.

                        Advice services partnership model
                        On 27 July 2023, the Group announced its intention to
                        reset its financial advice operating model to competitively
                        leverage opportunities for sustainable growth. The change
                        will provide a new partnership ownership model for the
                        Group’s self-employed licensees comprising RI Advice Group
                        Pty Ltd, Consultum Financial Advisers Pty Ltd and TenFifty.

                        While the new brand name and identity has yet to be
                        established, this new business is being developed under
                        the working name of Advice Services Co, or ASC.

                        ASC represents the ambition to create Australia’s largest
                        adviser-owned licensee group, positioning it to capitalise on
                        the dynamic self-employed advice market with the support
                        of Insignia Financial. ASC will operate with independent
                        management, governance and oversight, with input from
                        both Insignia Financial as well as key advice practice
                        representatives.

                        Under the new partnership model, Consultum, TenFifty
                        and RI Advice will join together to form a new standalone
                        business ASC, the Godfrey Pembroke licensee will
                        transition to a standalone business operating under their
                        own license, and the process has commenced to sell the
                        Millennium3 business.




                        146 | Financial report
                        Directors’ declaration
                        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                        1 In the opinion of the Directors of the Company:

                           a the consolidated financial statements and notes set out on pages 95 to 146 and the Remuneration report set out on pages
                              71 to 88 in the Directors’ report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                              i giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2023 and its performance for the financial
                                 year ended on that date; and

                              ii complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and

                           b there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due
                              and payable.

                        2 The Directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Chief
                           Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
                        3 The Directors draw attention to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement of compliance
                           with International Financial Reporting Standards.




For personal use only
                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                        Mr Allan Griffiths
                        Chairman

                        Melbourne
                        24 August 2023




                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 147
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                    Independent Auditor’s Report
                                    To the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd

                                    Report on the audit of the Financial Report




For personal use only
                                    Opinion

                                    We have audited the Financial Report of                   The Financial Report comprises:
                                    Insignia Financial Ltd (the Company).
                                                                                              • Consolidated Statement of financial position as
                                    In our opinion, the accompanying Financial                  at 30 June 2023
                                    Report of the Company is in accordance with
                                    the Corporations Act 2001, including:                     • Consolidated Statement of comprehensive
                                                                                                income, Consolidated Statement of changes in
                                    • giving a true and fair view of the Group’s                equity, and Consolidated Statement of cash
                                      financial position as at 30 June 2023 and of              flows for the year then ended
                                      its financial performance for the year ended
                                      on that date; and                                       • Notes including a summary of significant
                                                                                                accounting policies
                                    • complying with Australian Accounting
                                      Standards and the Corporations Regulations              • Directors’ Declaration.
                                      2001.                                                   The Group consists of the Company and the
                                                                                              entities it controlled at the year-end or from time
                                                                                              to time during the financial year.


                                    Basis for opinion

                                    We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit
                                    evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                    Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
                                    the audit of the Financial Report section of our report.
                                    We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical
                                    requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics
                                    for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our
                                    audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                                    accordance with these requirements.




                                KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                                with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and
                                logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by
                                a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


                        148 | Financial report
                        Key Audit Matters

                        The Key Audit Matters we identified are:            Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our
                                                                            professional judgement, were of most significance
                        • Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite life         in our audit of the Financial Report of the current
                          intangible Assets                                 period.
                        • Provision for Client Remediation and related      These matters were addressed in the context of
                          costs                                             our audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in
                        • Information Technology related controls           forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                                                                            provide a separate opinion on these matters.


                        Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Assets - $1,779.8 million and $163.6 million




For personal use only
                        Refer to Note 12 to the Financial Report

                        The key audit matter                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        A Key Audit Matter for us was the Group’s           Our procedures included:
                        annual testing of goodwill and indefinite life
                        intangible assets for impairment, given the size    • We considered the appropriateness of the value
                        of the balance (being 36% and 3% of total             in use method applied by the Group to perform
                        assets respectively) and judgement involved.          the test of goodwill and indefinite life intangibles
                        We focused on the significant forward-looking         impairment against the requirements of the
                        assumptions the Group applied in their value in       accounting standards.
                        use models, including:                              • We assessed the integrity of the value in use
                                                                              models used, including the accuracy of the
                        • Forecast operating cash flows, growth rates
                          and terminal growth rates – the Group               underlying calculation formulas.
                          operates in a period of broader market            • We compared forecast cash flows contained in
                          volatility. These conditions increase the           value in use models to Board approved
                          possibility of goodwill and indefinite life         forecasts.
                          intangible assets being impaired, plus the risk
                          of inaccurate forecasts or a wider range of       • We assessed the accuracy of previous Group
                          possible outcomes for us to consider.               forecasts to inform our evaluation of forecasts
                                                                              incorporated in the models.
                        • Discount rate - this is complicated in nature
                          and varies according to the conditions and        • We used our knowledge of the Group, its past
                          environment the specific Cash Generating            performance, business and customers, and our
                          Unit (CGU)/intangible is subject to, from time      industry experience to challenge the Group’s
                          to time, as well as the approach to                 forecast cash flows. We compared key events
                          incorporating risks into the cash flows or          to the approved plan and strategy. We compared
                          discount rates.                                     forecast growth rates and terminal growth rates
                                                                              to published studies of industry trends and
                        The Group uses complex models to perform              expectations and evaluated differences for the
                        their annual testing of goodwill and indefinite       Group’s operations.
                        life intangibles for impairment. The models are
                        largely manually developed, adjusted for            • We assessed the appropriateness of the CGU
                        historical performance, and use a range of            composition against the requirements of the
                        internal and external sources as inputs to the        accounting standards and evaluated the
                        assumptions. Complex modelling, using                 appropriateness of evidence to support the
                        forward-looking assumptions, tends to be prone        change.
                        to greater risk for potential bias, error and
                        inconsistent application. These conditions          • We evaluated the Group’s calculation of the
                                                                              carrying amount of each CGU with reference to
                        necessitate additional scrutiny by us, in
                                                                              accounting standards and consistency against
                        particular to address the objectivity of sources
                                                                              the value in use calculation.




                                                                                                                         Financial report | 149
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                    used for assumptions, and their consistent
                                                                                        • We assessed the Group’s allocation of corporate
                                    application.                                          assets and costs to CGUs for reasonableness
                                    The carrying amount of the net assets of the          and consistency based on the requirements of
                                    Group exceeded the Group’s market                     the accounting standards.
                                    capitalisation at year end, increasing the
                                    possibility of goodwill and intangibles being
                                                                                        • Working with our valuation specialists, we
                                                                                          independently developed a discount rate range
                                    impaired. This increased our audit effort in this
                                                                                          using publicly available data for comparable
                                    key audit area.
                                                                                          entities, adjusted by risk factors specific to the
                                    We involved valuation specialists to supplement       Group’s CGUs and the industry they operate in.
                                    our senior audit team members in assessing
                                    this Key Audit Matter.                              • We considered the sensitivity of the models by
                                                                                          varying key assumptions, such as forecast
                                                                                          growth rates and discount rates, within a
                                                                                          reasonably possible range. We considered key




For personal use only
                                                                                          assumptions when performing the sensitivity
                                                                                          analysis and what the Group consider to be
                                                                                          reasonably possible. We did this to identify
                                                                                          those CGUs at higher risk of impairment and to
                                                                                          focus our further procedures.

                                                                                        • We assessed the Group’s analysis of differences
                                                                                          between the year-end market capitalisation and
                                                                                          the carrying amount of the net assets by
                                                                                          comparing the EBITDA multiples from the
                                                                                          models to market multiples of comparable
                                                                                          entities. This also included consideration of the
                                                                                          market capitalisation range implied by recent
                                                                                          share price trading ranges and broker 12-month
                                                                                          target valuation ranges, to the Group’s latest
                                                                                          valuation model.

                                                                                        • We assessed the disclosures in the Financial
                                                                                          Report using our understanding obtained from
                                                                                          our testing, discussions with management and
                                                                                          the Board and against the requirements of the
                                                                                          accounting standards.

                                    Provisions for Client Remediation and Related Costs - $149.9 million

                                    Refer to Note 16 Provisions to the Financial Report

                                    The key audit matter                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                    The provisions for client remediation and           Working with our regulatory specialists, our
                                    related costs is a Key Audit Matter due to the      procedures included:
                                    judgments required by us in assessing the
                                    Group’s determination of:                           • We obtained an understanding of the Group’s
                                                                                          process for identifying and assessing the
                                    • The existence of a present legal or                 potential impact of the ongoing assessments
                                      constructive obligation as a basis for              into client remediation activities.
                                      recognition of a provision against the criteria
                                      in the accounting standards.
                                                                                        • We assessed the integrity of the model used,
                                                                                          including the accuracy of the underlying
                                    • Reliable estimates of amounts which may be          calculation formulas.
                                      paid arising from the present obligation,
                                      including estimates of the number of affected
                                                                                        • We inquired with the Group regarding their




                        150 | Financial report
                          customers, expected average remediation               ongoing assessment into other remediation
                          payments and related costs.                           activities.

                        • The potential for legal proceedings and             • We read the minutes and other relevant
                          regulatory scrutiny leading to a wider range of       documentation of the Company’s Board of
                          estimation outcomes for us to consider.               Directors, Board Committees, various
                                                                                management committees, and attended the
                        The Group uses a complex model to estimate
                                                                                Company’s Audit Committee and Risk and
                        the amount which may be paid in future
                                                                                Compliance Committee meetings.
                        periods. The model is manually developed and
                        uses a range of internal and external sources as      • We inspected correspondence with regulatory
                        inputs to the assumptions. Complex modelling,           bodies and reports from management’s experts
                        using forward-looking assumptions, tends to be          to the Group.
                        prone to greater risk for potential bias, error and
                        inconsistent application. These conditions            • We assessed the scope, objectivity and




For personal use only
                        necessitate additional scrutiny by us, to address       competency of management’s experts engaged
                        the objectivity of sources used for assumptions,        by the Group.
                        and their consistent application.                     • We challenged the Group’s basis for recognition
                        We involved regulatory specialists to                   of a provision and associated costs against the
                        supplement our senior audit team members in             requirements of the accounting standards. We
                        assessing this Key Audit Matter.                        did this by understanding the provisioning
                                                                                methodologies and challenging underlying
                                                                                assumptions including expected average
                                                                                remediation payments and related costs.

                                                                              • We tested a sample of payments to assess the
                                                                                accuracy of the Group’s detriment calculations
                                                                                and program cost payments.

                                                                              • We assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                                Group’s conclusions against the requirements of
                                                                                the accounting standards where estimates were
                                                                                unable to be reliably made for a provision to be
                                                                                recognised.

                                                                              • We assessed the disclosures in the Financial
                                                                                Report using our understanding obtained from
                                                                                our testing, discussions with management and
                                                                                the Board and against the requirements of the
                                                                                accounting standards.

                        Information Technology Related Controls

                        The key audit matter                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        The Information Technology (IT) related controls      Working with our IT specialists we challenged the
                        are a Key Audit Matter as the Group’s key             design of General IT controls and sample tested
                        financial accounting and reporting processes          the operation of key controls (in relation to financial
                        are highly dependent on the automated controls        accounting and reporting systems) including:
                        over the Group’s IT systems. There is a risk
                        that gaps in the change management,                   • Change management control operation:
                                                                                inspected the Group’s change management
                        segregation of duties or user access
                                                                                policies and for a sample of system changes
                        management controls (in relation to key
                                                                                during the year, checked the consistency of the
                        financial accounting and reporting systems)             system changes to the Group’s policy
                        may undermine our ability to place reliance
                        thereon in our audit. Our audit approach could        • Segregation of duties control operation: sample
                                                                                tested key automated controls designed to




                                                                                                                            Financial report | 151
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                    significantly differ depending on the effective        enforce segregation of duties.
                                    operations of the Group’s IT controls.              • User access management controls operation:
                                    We involved IT specialists to supplement our           we assessed the Group’s evaluation of the user
                                    senior audit team members in assessing this            access rights, including privileged user access
                                                                                           rights granted to application systems. We
                                    Key Audit Matter.
                                                                                           checked for evidence of resolution of
                                                                                           exceptions. We also assessed the operating
                                                                                           effectiveness of management approval controls
                                                                                           over the granting and removal of access rights,
                                                                                           including privileged access rights.
                                                                                        Where we identified design and/or operating
                                                                                        deficiencies in the IT control environment, our
                                                                                        procedures included the following:




For personal use only
                                                                                        • We assessed the integrity and reliability of the
                                                                                           systems and data related to financial reporting;
                                                                                           and
                                                                                        • Where automated procedures were managed by
                                                                                           systems with identified deficiencies, we
                                                                                           performed test of details and assessed alternate
                                                                                           controls that were not reliant on the IT control
                                                                                           environment.




                                    Other Information

                                    Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Insignia Financial Ltd’s annual report
                                    which is provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor's Report. The Directors are
                                    responsible for the Other Information.
                                    The Other Information we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report was the Directors’ Report
                                    and the Remuneration Report. The remaining other information is expected to include: Our Services,
                                    Our Diversified Business Model, Chairman’s Commentary, CEO Commentary, 2023 Results At A
                                    Glance, Environmental, Social & Governance Report, IOOF Foundation and Shareholder Information
                                    and is expected to be made available to us after the date of the Auditor’s Report.
                                    Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not
                                    and will not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception
                                    of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
                                    In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information.
                                    In doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial
                                    Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                                    We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information,
                                    and based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date
                                    of this Auditor’s Report we have nothing to report.




                        152 | Financial report
                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The Directors are responsible for:

                        • preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian
                          Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001

                        • implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives a
                          true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error

                        • assessing the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of
                          the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable,
                          matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they
                          either intend to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                          alternative but to do so.




For personal use only
                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objective is:

                        • to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material
                          misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

                        • to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
                        exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the
                        aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
                        the basis of the Financial Report.
                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the
                        Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                        https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf (Listed entities – Fair presentation
                        framework only).

                        This description forms part of our Auditor’s Report.




                                                                                                                         Financial report | 153
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023




                                    Report on the Remuneration Report

                                    Opinion                                        Directors’ responsibilities
                                    In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of     The Directors of the Company are responsible for
                                    Insignia Financial Ltd for the year ended 30   the preparation and presentation of the
                                    June 2023, complies with Section 300A of the   Remuneration Report in accordance with Section
                                    Corporations Act 2001.                         300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                                   Our responsibilities
                                                                                   We have audited the Remuneration Report
                                                                                   included in the Directors’ report for the year ended
                                                                                   30 June 2023.
                                                                                   Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the




For personal use only
                                                                                   Remuneration Report, based on our audit
                                                                                   conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing
                                                                                   Standards.




                                    KPMG                                           Chris Wooden

                                                                                   Partner

                                                                                   Melbourne

                                                                                   24 August 2023




                        154 | Financial report
                        Shareholder information

                        Share capital
                        Insignia Financial has on issue 662,598,242 fully paid ordinary shares held by 53,206 holders as at 24 August 2023.

                        Voting rights
                        Insignia Financial’s fully paid ordinary shares carry voting rights of one vote per share.

                        Twenty largest shareholders as at 24 August 2023
                        The following table sets out the top 20 registered shareholders.

                         Rank    Holder name                                                                                Balance as at     % of issued
                                                                                                                          24 August 2023          capital

                         1       CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                               141,208,320        21.311%
                         2       HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                   131,471,648        19.842%




For personal use only
                         3       J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                    78,867,218        11.903%
                         4       MR BRUCE WILLIAM NEILL                                                                       26,864,295          4.054%
                         5       NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                    21,772,321          3.286%
                         6       BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                               15,933,802          2.405%
                         7       AIGLE ROYAL SUPERANNUATION PTY LTD <A POLI SUPER FUND A/C>                                    7,000,000          1.056%
                         8       CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                  3,285,396          0.496%
                         9       IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                          3,236,793          0.489%
                         10      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                        2,959,626          0.447%
                         11      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                         2,765,766          0.417%
                         12      THANECORP AUSTRALIA PTY LTD <CFK RETIREMENT FUND A/C>                                         2,517,079          0.380%
                         13      MR CON ZEMPILAS                                                                               2,465,593          0.372%
                         14      SAM GANNON PTY LTD <THE J B GANNON FAMILY A/C>                                                2,265,506          0.342%
                         15      CERTANE CT PTY LTD <IOOF EPT UNALLOC A/C>                                                     1,979,317          0.299%
                         16      BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD <DRP>                                                               1,944,520          0.293%
                         17      MRS SALLY KELAHER                                                                             1,928,518          0.291%
                         18      MR IAN GREGORY GRIFFITHS                                                                      1,750,419          0.264%
                         19      NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                             1,330,748          0.201%
                         20      MESTJO PTY LTD                                                                                1,325,000          0.200%
                                 Total securities of top 20 holdings                                                         452,871,885        68.348%
                                 Total of securities                                                                         662,598,242




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 155
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2023



                        Shareholder information (cont’d)

                        Distribution of members and their holdings
                        The following table summarises the distribution of our listed shares as at 24 August 2023.

                         Range                                                   No. of holders                   No. of units             % issued capital

                         1–1,000                                                        29,340                    10,890,551                            1.64
                         1,001–5,000                                                    15,992                    38,757,702                            5.85
                         5,001–10,000                                                    4,313                    32,036,649                            4.84
                         10,001–100,000                                                  3,355                    78,945,219                           11.91
                         100,001–9,999,999,999                                             206                   501,968,121                           75.76
                         Totals                                                         53,206                   662,598,242                        100.00

                        There were 9,561 shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of shares based on a market price of $2.60 at the close
                        of trading on 24 August 2023 and there were 1.25 per cent of shareholders with registered addresses outside Australia.




For personal use only
                        Substantial shareholdings
                        Substantial shareholders as at 24 August 2023 are shown below, with the date of their last notice lodged in accordance with
                        section 671B of the Corporations Act 2001.

                         Holder name                                                                  Date of          No. of     % of issued share capital
                                                                                                   last notice    ord shares       as at date of last notice
                         Tanarra Capital Australia Pty Ltd                                         8/05/2023      49,047,770                           7.40%
                         Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.                                     13/06/2023      40,817,840                           6.16%
                         First Sentier Investors Holdings Pty Limited                             28/10/2021      33,157,930                           5.07%
                         Host Plus Pty Limited ATF the Hostplus Pooled Superannuation Trust       16/05/2023      33,315,675                           5.03%
                         State Street Corporation                                                 24/08/2023      33,194,534                           5.01%
                         Vanguard Group                                                           10/08/2022      32,764,974                           5.01%
                         Australian Retirement Trust Pty Ltd ATF Australian Retirement Trust      16/08/2022      32,714,543                           5.00%


                        Share register and other enquiries
                        If you have any questions in relation to your shareholding, share transfers or dividends, please contact our share registry:

                        Boardroom Pty Limited
                        ABN: 14 003 209 836

                        Level 7, 333 Collins Street
                        Melbourne VIC 3000

                        and

                        Grosvenor Place
                        Level 8, 210 George Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000
                        Post: GPO Box 3993. Sydney NSW 2001.

                        Phone:     1300 737 760 (Australia only)
                        Phone:     +61 2 9290 9600 (International)
                        Fax:       +61 2 9290 9655

                        Website: www.boardroomlimited.com.au

                        Please include your shareholder reference number (SRN) or holder identification number (HIN) in all correspondence to the
                        share registry.




                        156 | Financial report
                        Corporate directory

                        Directors                                                    Principal registered office
                        Mr Allan Griffiths                                           in Australia
                        B.Bus, DipLi                                                 Level 1
                        Chairman                                                     800 Bourke Street
                        Mr Renato Mota                                               Docklands VIC 3008
                        B.Com (Hons), B.Bus                                          (03) 8614 4400
                        CEO
                                                                                     Share registry
                        Mr Andrew Bloore
                                                                                     Boardroom Pty Limited
                        Ms Elizabeth Flynn                                           Level 8
                        LLB, Grad Dip App Corp Gov, FAICD, FFin, FGIA, FCG           210 George Street
                                                                                     Sydney NSW 2000
                        Mr John Selak
                        Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD
                                                                                     Auditor




For personal use only
                        Ms Michelle Somerville
                                                                                     KPMG
                        B.Bus (Accounting), Master Applied Finance, FCA, FAICD
                                                                                     Tower Two, Collins Square
                                                                                     727 Collins Street
                        Company Secretary                                            Docklands VIC 3008
                        Ms Adrianna Bisogni
                        B.A LL.B (Hons) GAICD                                        Securities exchange listing
                                                                                     Insignia Financial Ltd shares are listed
                        Notice of Annual General Meeting                             on the Australian Securities Exchange
                        This year’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be             (ASX: IFL)
                        conducted on Thursday, 23 November 2023 at 9:30am
                        (AEDT) in ‘The Residence’ room at the Grand Hyatt,           Website address
                        123 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000.
                                                                                     www.insigniafinancial.com.au
                        Further information and guidance on how shareholders
                        may participate in this year’s AGM will be available with
                        the Notice of Meeting and on Insignia Financial’s website:
                        www.insigniafinancial.com.au/annual-general-meeting

                        A formal notice of meeting is available on our website.
                        Information on how to access this has been sent to those
                        shareholders who have not elected to receive the Notice
                        of Meeting electronically.
                               For personal use only



www.insigniafinancial.com.au




       CRA-9808 (55022) 0823
