                        IOOF Holdings Ltd                GPO Box 264
                        ABN 49 100 103 722               Melbourne VIC 3001
                        Level 6, 161 Collins Street      Phone 13 13 69
                        Melbourne VIC 3000               www.ioof.com.au




                                                                                                        28 October 2019




For personal use only
                                                      2019 Annual General Meeting

                        Please find attached:

                        1. A sample copy of the notice of the Annual General Meeting of IOOF Holdings Ltd to be
                           held on 28 November 2019.

                        2. The 2019 Annual Report.



                                                                         -ENDS-




                        Enquiries:

                            Paul Vine                                         Rachel Scully
                            Company Secretary                                 Head of Corporate Affairs
                            IOOF Holdings Limited                             IOOF Holdings Limited
                            P: +61 3 8614 4525                                P: +61 3 8614 4530
                            E: paul.vine@ioof.com.au                          E: rachel.scully@ioof.com.au




                        About IOOF Holdings Ltd

                        IOOF has been helping Australians secure their financial future since 1846. During that time,
                        we have grown substantially to become one of the largest groups in the financial services
                        industry.

                        IOOF provides advisers and their clients with the following services:
                        ·        Financial Advice services via our extensive network of financial advisers;
                        ·        Portfolio & Estate Administration for advisers, their clients and hundreds of
                                 employers in Australia; and
                        ·        Investment Management products that are designed to suit any investor’s needs

                        Further information about IOOF can be found at www.ioof.com.au
                        IOOF Holdings Ltd ABN 49 100 103 722


                        Notice of Annual General Meeting
                        Notice is hereby given that the 2019 Annual General Meeting (the Meeting) of IOOF Holdings Ltd (the Company) will be held




For personal use only
                        at 9:30 am (AEDT) on Thursday 28 November 2019, at the Sheraton Melbourne Hotel, 27 Little Collins Street, Melbourne,
                        Victoria 3000, for the purpose of transacting the business set out in this Notice of Meeting. Registration opens at 8:30 am
                        (AEDT).

                        The Explanatory Notes to this Notice of Meeting provide additional information on matters to be considered at the Meeting.
                        The Explanatory Notes and the Proxy Form constitute part of this Notice.



                        Items of business
                        Ordinary business
                        1. Receipt of Financial Statements and Reports

                        To receive and consider the Annual Financial Report, the Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report of the Company and its
                        controlled entities for the year ended 30 June 2019.

                        2. Re-election and Election of Directors

                        To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as ordinary resolutions:

                        (a) To re-elect Mr Allan Griffiths as a Director.
                        (b) To elect Mr Andrew Bloore as a Director.
                        (c) To elect Ms Michelle Somerville as a Director.

                        3. Remuneration Report

                        To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution:

                        To adopt the Remuneration Report, as contained in the Directors’ Report, for the year ended 30 June 2019.

                        The vote on the Remuneration Report resolution is advisory only and does not bind the Directors or the Company.

                        4. Grant of Performance Rights to the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director

                        To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution:

                        That approval be given for the grant of 75,000 performance rights and shares on exercise of those rights to the Chief
                        Executive Officer and Managing Director, Mr Renato Mota, under the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan, as described in
                        the Explanatory Notes.


                        By Order of the Board of Directors

                        This Notice of Meeting and the Explanatory Notes are important and should be read in their entirety. If you are in doubt as
                        to how you should vote, you should seek advice from your professional adviser.



                        A Paul M Vine
                        Company Secretary
                        28 October 2019
                        Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting
                        1. Explanatory Notes
                        The Company’s shareholders should read the Explanatory Notes accompanying, and forming part of, this Notice of Meeting
                        for more details on the resolutions to be voted on at the Meeting. The information provided is intended to assist shareholders
                        in understanding the reasons for the resolutions and their effect if passed.

                        2. Voting Entitlements




For personal use only
                        The Company’s Board of Directors, being the convener of the Meeting, has determined that the shareholding of each
                        shareholder for the purposes of ascertaining voting entitlements at the Meeting will be as it appears in the share register of
                        the Company at 7:00 pm (AEDT) on Tuesday 26 November 2019.

                        This means that if you are not the registered holder of relevant shares in the Company at that time, you will not be entitled
                        to vote in respect of those shares.

                        3. How to exercise your right to vote
                        You may vote in person, by proxy or by attorney. For example, you may vote:

                        •    by attending the Meeting and voting in person, or if you are a corporate shareholder, having a corporate representative
                             attend and vote for you; or
                        •    by appointing a proxy to attend and vote for you, by completing the Proxy Form provided with this Notice of Meeting.

                        Where a shareholder appoints a body corporate as a proxy, that body corporate will need to ensure that it:

                                  -    appoints an individual as its corporate representative to exercise its powers at the Meeting, in accordance
                                       with the Corporations Act; and
                                  -    provides satisfactory evidence of the appointment of its corporate representative prior to commencement of
                                       the Meeting.

                        4. Voting by proxy
                        A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting is entitled to appoint one or (if entitled to cast two or more votes)
                        two proxies to attend and vote instead of the shareholder. If you appoint a proxy and also attend the Meeting, the proxy’s
                        authority to speak and vote at the Meeting will be suspended while you are present at the Meeting.

                        If a shareholder appoints two proxies, each proxy may be appointed to represent a specified proportion or number of the
                        shareholder’s votes. If a shareholder appoints two proxies and the appointment does not specify the proportion or number
                        of votes each proxy may exercise, each of the proxies may exercise half of those votes.

                        An additional Proxy Form will be supplied by the Company on request. Subject to any applicable voting restrictions, where
                        an appointment specifies the way the proxy is to vote on a particular resolution:

                        •    the proxy is not required to vote on a show of hands, but if the proxy does so, the proxy must vote as directed;
                        •    if the proxy has two or more appointments that specify different ways to vote on the resolutions, the proxy must not
                             vote on a show of hands;
                        •    if the proxy is not the Chair of the Meeting, the proxy need not vote on a poll but if the proxy does so, the proxy must
                             vote as directed; and
                        •    if the proxy is the Chair of the Meeting, the proxy must vote on a poll and must vote as directed.

                        A proxy may be an individual or a body corporate, and the proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. In addition,
                        there are circumstances where the Chair of the Meeting will be taken to have been appointed as a shareholder’s proxy for
                        the purposes of voting on a particular resolution even if the shareholder has not expressly appointed the Chair of the Meeting
                        as their proxy.

                        This will be the case where:

                        •    the appointment of proxy specifies the way the proxy is to vote on a particular resolution;
                        •    the Chair of the Meeting is not named as the proxy;
                        •    a poll has been called on the resolution; and
                        •    either of the following applies:
                                  -     the proxy is not recorded as attending the Meeting; or
                                  -     the proxy attends the Meeting but does not vote on the resolution.
                        Shareholders should consider directing their proxy as to how to vote on each resolution by crossing either a ‘for’, ‘against’
                        or ‘abstain’ box when lodging their Proxy Form to ensure that their proxy is permitted to vote on their behalf in accordance
                        with their instructions.

                        Where the Chair of the Meeting is appointed as proxy, unless he is restricted from voting on a resolution, he will vote in
                        accordance with the shareholder’s directions as specified on the Proxy Form or, in the absence of a direction, in favour of
                        the resolutions set out in the Notice of Meeting.

                        A Proxy Form is enclosed with this Notice of Meeting.




For personal use only
                        If you wish to exercise your right to appoint a proxy or proxies to attend and vote for you at the Meeting, a Proxy Form and
                        the authority (if any) under which it is signed, or a certified copy of that authority, must be either:

                        •    Sent by post to the Company’s registry, Boardroom Pty Limited, GPO Box 3993 Sydney NSW 2001.
                        •    Delivered by hand to Boardroom Pty Limited at Level 12, 225 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000.
                        •    Sent by facsimile to the Company C/- Boardroom Pty Limited on facsimile 02 9290 9655.
                        •    Submitted online at Boardroom’s website (https://www.votingonline.com.au/ioofagm2019) in accordance with the
                             instructions given (you will be taken to have signed your Proxy Form if you lodge it in accordance with the instructions
                             given on the website).

                        Proxy Forms must be received by Boardroom Pty Limited or the Company no later than 9:30am (AEDT) on Tuesday 26
                        November 2019 (being no later than 48 hours before the time for the holding of the Meeting).

                        The Proxy Form must be signed by the shareholder or an attorney duly authorised in writing (if you choose to submit your
                        Proxy Form online, you will be taken to have signed the Proxy Form if you lodge it in accordance with the instructions given
                        on the website).

                        The power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which the Proxy Form is signed (or a certified copy of that power or
                        authority) must also be received by the Company (or Boardroom Pty Limited on behalf of the Company) no later than 9:30
                        am (AEDT) on Tuesday 26 November 2019. If the shareholder is a company, the form must be executed in accordance with
                        section 127 of the Corporations Act, or by its duly authorised officer or attorney.


                        5. Voting Exclusions

                        Resolution 3
                        Except to the extent otherwise permitted by law, any member of the key management personnel, whose remuneration
                        details are included in the Remuneration Report (KMP), or their closely related parties, may not vote, and the Company will
                        disregard the votes cast by or on behalf of such persons, on resolution 3, unless the vote is cast:

                        •    as proxy for a person entitled to vote in accordance with a direction on the Proxy Form; or
                        •    by the Chair of the Meeting as proxy for a person entitled to vote, and the Chair of the Meeting has received express
                             authority to vote undirected proxies as the Chair of the Meeting sees fit.

                        If the Chair of the Meeting is your proxy or is appointed your proxy by default, and you do not direct your proxy to vote ‘for’,
                        ‘against’ or ‘abstain’ on resolution 3 on the Proxy Form, you will be expressly authorising the Chair of the Meeting to exercise
                        your proxy by completing and returning the Proxy Form even if that resolution is connected directly or indirectly with the
                        remuneration of a KMP.

                        The Chair of the Meeting intends to vote undirected proxies in favour of resolution 3.

                        Resolution 4
                        The Company will disregard:

                        •    any votes cast in favour of resolution 4 by any Director who is eligible to participate in any employee incentive scheme
                             in relation to the Company and any associate of any such Director; and
                        •    any votes cast on resolution 4 by a member of the KMP or a closely related party of a KMP, acting as proxy if their
                             appointment does not specify the way the proxy is to vote on resolution 4.

                        However, the Company will not disregard a vote on resolution 4 if:

                        •    it is cast by a person as a proxy for a person who is entitled to vote on resolution 4, in accordance with the directions
                             on the Proxy Form; or
                        •    it is cast by the Chair of the Meeting as proxy for a person who is entitled to vote on resolution 4 in accordance with a
                             direction on the proxy form to vote as the proxy decides, and the appointment of the Chair of the Meeting expressly
                             authorises the Chair of the Meeting to exercise the proxy even if the resolution is connected directly or indirectly with
                             the remuneration of KMP.

                        If the Chair of the Meeting is your proxy or is appointed your proxy by default, and you do not direct your proxy to vote ‘for’,
                        ‘against’ or ‘abstain’ on resolution 4 on the Proxy Form, you will be expressly authorising the Chair of the Meeting to exercise
                        your proxy by completing and returning the Proxy Form even if that resolution is connected directly or indirectly with the
                        remuneration of the KMP.

                        The Chair of the Meeting intends to vote undirected proxies in favour of resolution 4.




For personal use only
                        Explanatory Notes
                        These Explanatory Notes have been prepared for the information of shareholders in relation to the business to be conducted
                        at the Annual General Meeting of the Company’s shareholders (the Meeting) to be held at the Sheraton Melbourne Hotel,
                        27 Little Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, on Thursday 28 November 2019 at 9.30 am (AEDT).

                        The purpose of these Explanatory Notes is to provide shareholders with more information on the proposed resolutions.
                        Shareholders should read the Notice of Meeting and Explanatory Notes in their entirety before deciding how to vote on each
                        resolution.

                        Items of business
                        Resolution 1: Receipt of financial statements and reports
                        The financial results for the year ended 30 June 2019 are set out in the Company’s 2019 Annual Report. In accordance with
                        the Corporations Act, shareholders will be given a reasonable opportunity at the Meeting to ask questions and make
                        comments on the Annual Financial Report, the Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report of the Company and its controlled
                        entities for the year ended 30 June 2019.

                        During the discussion on this resolution, the Company’s Auditor, KPMG, will be present and will answer questions that are
                        relevant to the content of the Auditor’s Report or the conduct of the audit of the Annual Financial Report. Shareholders may
                        submit written questions for the Auditor up to five business days before the date of the Meeting.

                        Shareholders wishing to do so may send their questions to the Company c/ - Company Secretary, IOOF Holdings Ltd, GPO
                        Box 264, Melbourne VIC 3001. The Company Secretary will pass the questions on to the Auditor.

                        Resolutions 2(a), 2(b) and 2(c): Re-election and election of Directors

                        The Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) Listing Rules and the Constitution of the Company require the Company to hold an
                        election of Directors each year. Relevantly, the Constitution of the Company requires that at each Annual General Meeting,
                        one third of the Directors (excluding the Managing Director, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or
                        any Director whose office is terminated) must retire from office and, provided that they are eligible, they may offer
                        themselves for re-election. If their number is not a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one third
                        must retire. Accordingly, two Directors must retire from office this year and one Director (Allan Griffiths) is offering himself
                        for re-election at this Meeting.

                        As announced on 24 October 2019, Mr George Venardos has stated that he will retire from office at the AGM and will not
                        be standing for re-election. Accordingly, two Directors are retiring from office this year and one is offering himself for re-
                        election at the Meeting. Mr Andrew Bloore and Ms Michelle Somerville, both having been appointed as a Director since the
                        Company’s last Annual General Meeting, hold office under such an appointment only until the Meeting. Being eligible, they
                        both offer themselves for election.

                        Resolution 2(a) – Re-election of Director
                        Mr Allan Griffiths
                        B.Bus, DipLI
                        (Non-Executive Director)

                        Experience and expertise
                        Non-Executive Director of IOOF Holdings Ltd since 2014. Chairman of IOOF Holdings Ltd since April 2019.

                        Allan Griffiths has over 30 years’ experience with a deep understanding of the financial services industry. Mr Griffiths has
                        held a number of executive positions within the industry most notably as Chief Executive Officer Aviva Australia and later,
                        Managing Director South Asia, Aviva Asia Pte Ltd based in Singapore. Prior to joining Aviva Mr Griffiths held executive
                        positions with Colonial Ltd and Norwich Union. Mr Griffiths is Chairman of the Westpac/BT Insurance Boards and the
                        Chairman of Metrics Credit Partners.

                        The Board has concluded that Mr Griffiths is independent.

                        Special Responsibilities
                        •      Chair of the Group Nominations Committee.
                        •      Member of the Group Remuneration Committee.




For personal use only
                        •      Member of the Group Audit Committee.

                        Mr Griffiths last stood for re-election in 2016.

                        2(a)       Recommendation
                        The Board (other than Mr Griffiths who is the subject of the relevant resolution) recommends that shareholders vote in
                        favour of Mr Griffiths’ re-election.

                        Resolution 2(b) – Election of Director
                        Mr Andrew Bloore
                        (Non-Executive Director)

                        Experience and expertise
                        Non-Executive Director of IOOF Holdings Ltd since 2 September 2019.

                        Andrew Bloore is an experienced Non-Executive Director and entrepreneur, having designed, built and sold a number of
                        businesses, including the superannuation administration businesses Smartsuper and SuperIQ and the superannuation
                        software design business Class Super. In these areas and other industries Mr Bloore has focused on the development of key
                        disruptive technologies and distribution services in traditional markets to create business efficiencies.

                        Mr Bloore is an Independent Non-Executive Director on the Boards of the following IOOF subsidiaries: IOOF Investment
                        Management Limited (29 November 2018 to date) and IOOF Limited (26 November 2018 to date and Chairman until 29
                        August 2019) and was on the Board of Australian Executor Trustees Limited from 29 November 2018 to 29 August 2019,
                        also chairing that Board.

                        The Board has concluded that Mr Bloore is independent.

                        Special Responsibilities
                        •      Member of the Group Audit Committee.
                        •      Member of the Group Risk and Compliance Committee.
                        •      Member of the Group Remuneration Committee.

                        2(b)       Recommendation
                        The Board (other than Mr Bloore, who is the subject of the relevant resolution) recommends that shareholders vote in favour
                        of Mr Bloore’s election.

                        Resolution 2(c) – Election of Director
                        Ms Michelle Somerville
                        BBus (accounting), M App Sc, FCA, GAICD
                        (Non-Executive Director)

                        Experience and expertise
                        Non-Executive Director of IOOF Holdings Ltd since 1 October 2019.

                        Michelle Somerville is an experienced Non-Executive Director, bringing deep and relevant finance, risk and governance
                        experience to the Board, having worked in the financial services industry in both her executive and non-executive roles. Ms
                        Somerville currently sits on the boards of The GPT Group, Bank Australia and a number of smaller organisations. Previously
                        she was an audit partner with KPMG Australia for nearly 14 years, with a focus on the financial services industry in both
                        Australia and overseas.

                        The Board has concluded that Ms Somerville is independent.
                        Special Responsibilities
                        •      Member of the Group Audit Committee.
                        •      Member of the Group Risk and Compliance Committee.

                        2(c)       Recommendation
                        The Board (other than Ms Somerville, who is the subject of the relevant resolution) recommends that shareholders vote in
                        favour of Ms Somerville’s election.




For personal use only
                        Resolution 3: Remuneration Report

                        Section 250R(2) of the Corporations Act requires publicly listed companies to put a resolution to shareholders to adopt the
                        company’s remuneration report for the financial year.

                        The Company’s Remuneration Report is set out on pages 45 to 62 of the Company’s 2019 Annual Report.

                        The Remuneration Report explains the Board’s policies in relation to the objectives and structure of remuneration for the
                        Company and discusses the relationship between the policies and the Company’s performance. In addition, the
                        Remuneration Report sets out the remuneration arrangements for the Directors and KMP.

                        The Chair of the Meeting will give shareholders a reasonable opportunity to ask questions about or comment on the
                        Remuneration Report.

                        The vote on this resolution is advisory only and does not bind the Directors or the Company.

                        Recommendation
                        The Board recommends that shareholders vote in favour of this resolution.

                        Resolution 4: Grant of Performance Rights to the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director

                        The remuneration arrangements for the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Renato Mota, are set out in the
                        Remuneration Report. Under the ASX Listing Rules, the Company must seek shareholder approval to grant equity securities
                        in the Company to Mr Mota as part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive (LTI) Plan. Accordingly, the Company is seeking
                        shareholder approval to enable it to grant performance rights to Mr Mota under the Company’s Executive Performance
                        Rights Plan (Plan) and provide shares on exercise of those rights on the terms described below.

                        The Board has determined that, subject to shareholder approval, Mr Mota will be entitled to participate in the LTI program
                        and receive 75,000 performance rights for the 2019/2020 financial year under the Plan. The number of rights was determined
                        on 1 August 2019 by the Board based on Mr Mota’s previous roles as General Manager Wealth Management and Acting
                        Chief Executive Officer. The proposed terms for the performance rights are consistent with those awarded to KMP (other
                        than the former Managing Director) in previous years and explained in the Remuneration Report at section 4. As noted in
                        the Committee Chair’s letter in the Remuneration Report, 2020 is a transitional year and performance rights arrangements
                        generally will be considered as part of the overall remuneration framework review flagged in the Remuneration Report, with
                        significant changes expected from 2021 onwards, including the use of a higher proportion of non-financial metrics.

                        4.1        Performance rights
                        Subject to shareholder approval being obtained, it is intended that the 2019/2020 grant of performance rights to Mr Mota
                        will be made within 14 days of the Meeting and in any event within 12 months after the Meeting.

                        Each performance right to be granted to Mr Mota will give Mr Mota the right to acquire one share in the Company subject
                        to the performance right vesting on the satisfaction of tenure and performance hurdles.

                        The hurdles will be measured over a three year performance period starting on 1 July 2019 and ending on 30 June 2022
                        (Performance Period).

                        50% of the performance rights will be assessed against a tenure requirement, which requires Mr Mota to be employed by
                        IOOF at the end of the Performance Period. The balance of the rights (50%) will be assessed against a performance hurdle,
                        which tests the Company’s total shareholder return (TSR) over the Performance Period against the TSR of each company in
                        the S&P/ASX200 as at 1 July 2019 over the same period. Should the Company achieve a median TSR performance or better
                        relative to the comparator companies, the performance rights which are eligible to vest will progressively vest in accordance
                        with the schedule as set out below:
                         Relative TSR performance                                       % of performance rights subject to the TSR performance
                                                                                        hurdle that may vest

                         At or above 75th percentile                                    100%

                         Between median and 75th percentile                             Progressive vesting on a straight line basis, such that 2% of
                                                                                        LTI awards vest for each 1% ranking increase from 50th
                                                                                        percentile




For personal use only
                         At median                                                      50%

                         Below median                                                   No performance rights will vest


                        Any performance rights that do not vest following assessment of the TSR performance hurdle will lapse and will not be
                        retested.

                        If a performance right vests it will be exercised automatically and a share will be allocated to Mr Mota. No amount is payable
                        upon the grant or vesting of the performance rights, which are issued for nil consideration, or on the allocation of shares in
                        the Company. The Board has the discretion to either purchase new shares on market or to issue new shares when allocating
                        shares to Mr Mota following the exercise of vested performance rights. Shares issued to Mr Mota will rank equally with all
                        other ordinary shares on issue. Any dealing in shares resulting from performance rights that have been exercised will be
                        subject to the IOOF Group Policy - Personal Trading in IOOF Holdings Limited Securities.

                        4.2       Change of control and cessation of employment
                        If the Company is subject to a change of control, any unvested performance rights must vest subject to the approval of the
                        Board. Except where Mr Mota’s employment is terminated for serious misconduct, subject to applicable law, any
                        performance rights that have vested as at the date of termination will be exercised and Mr Mota will receive shares in the
                        Company. On cessation of Mr Mota’s employment, unvested performance rights will lapse (unless the Board determines
                        otherwise, subject to applicable law).

                        4.3       Other information required by the ASX Listing Rules
                        No loan has been or will be made to Mr Mota by the Company in relation to the performance rights. No previous shareholder
                        approval has been sought in relation to Mr Mota, given he first became a Director in June 2019. No other Director is eligible
                        to participate in the Plan.

                        If shareholder approval for the grant of performance rights to Mr Mota is given under ASX Listing Rule 10.14, it will not be
                        required under ASX Listing Rule 7.1.

                        4.4       Recommendation
                        Mr Mota, who has a personal interest in the subject of this resolution, has abstained from making a recommendation and
                        will not vote on this resolution. The other Directors recommend that the shareholders vote in favour of Resolution 4.
                                                                                                                                                  All Correspondence to:
                                                                                                                                                         By Mail      Boardroom Pty Limited
                                                                                                                                                                       GPO Box 3993
                                                                                                                                                                       Sydney NSW 2001 Australia
                                                                                                                                                   By Fax: +61 2 9290 9655
                                                                                                                                                   Online: www.boardroomlimited.com.au
                                                                                                                                                   By Phone: (within Australia) 1300 737 760
                                                                                                                                                                       (outside Australia) +61 2 9290 9600




For personal use only
      YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT
      For your vote to be effective it must be recorded before 9:30am (AEDT) on Tuesday 26 November 2019

              TO VOTE ONLINE                                                                                                                                    BY SMARTPHONE

         STEP 1: VISIT https://www.votingonline.com.au/ioofagm2019
         STEP 2: Enter your Postcode OR Country of Residence (if outside Australia)
         STEP 3: Enter your Voting Access Code (VAC):

         .                                                                                                                                                  Scan QR Code using smartphone
                                                                                                                                                                  QR Reader App



             TO VOTE BY COMPLETING THE PROXY FORM


             STEP 1 APPOINTMENT OF PROXY                                                                      STEP 3 SIGN THE FORM
             Indicate who you want to appoint as your Proxy.                                                  The form must be signed as follows:
             If you wish to appoint the Chair of the Meeting as your proxy, mark the box. If you wish to      Individual: This form is to be signed by the securityholder.
             appoint someone other than the Chair of the Meeting as your proxy please write the full          Joint Holding: where the holding is in more than one name, all the securityholders should
             name of that individual or body corporate. If you leave this section blank, or your named        sign.
             proxy does not attend the meeting, the Chair of the Meeting will be your proxy. A proxy need     Power of Attorney: to sign under a Power of Attorney, you must have already lodged it with
             not be a securityholder of the company. Do not write the name of the issuer company or the       the registry. Alternatively, attach a certified photocopy of the Power of Attorney to this form
             registered securityholder in the space.                                                          when you return it.
                                                                                                              Companies: this form must be signed by a Director jointly with either another Director or a
             Appointment of a Second Proxy                                                                    Company Secretary. Where the company has a Sole Director who is also the Sole Company
             You are entitled to appoint up to two proxies to attend the meeting and vote. If you wish to     Secretary, this form should be signed by that person. Please indicate the office held by
             appoint a second proxy, an additional Proxy Form may be obtained by contacting the               signing in the appropriate place.
             company’s securities registry or you may copy this form.
                                                                                                              STEP 4 LODGEMENT
             To appoint a second proxy you must:                                                              Proxy forms (and any Power of Attorney under which it is signed) must be received no later
             (a) complete two Proxy Forms. On each Proxy Form state the percentage of your voting             than 48 hours before the commencement of the meeting, therefore by 9:30am (AEDT) on
             rights or the number of securities applicable to that form. If the appointments do not specify   Tuesday, 26 November 2019. Any Proxy Form received after that time will not be valid for
             the percentage or number of votes that each proxy may exercise, each proxy may exercise          the scheduled meeting.
             half your votes. Fractions of votes will be disregarded.
             (b) return both forms together in the same envelope.                                             Proxy forms may be lodged using the enclosed Reply Paid Envelope or:

             STEP 2 VOTING DIRECTIONS TO YOUR PROXY                                                              Online             https://www.votingonline.com.au/ioofagm2019
             To direct your proxy how to vote, mark one of the boxes opposite each item of business. All
             your securities will be voted in accordance with such a direction unless you indicate only a        By Fax             + 61 2 9290 9655
             portion of securities are to be voted on any item by inserting the percentage or number that
             you wish to vote in the appropriate box or boxes. If you do not mark any of the boxes on a          By Mail            Boardroom Pty Limited
             given item, your proxy may vote as he or she chooses. If you mark more than one box on                                  GPO Box 3993,
             an item for all your securities your vote on that item will be invalid.                                                 Sydney NSW 2001 Australia
             Proxy which is a Body Corporate                                                                                         Boardroom Pty Limited
             Where a body corporate is appointed as your proxy, the representative of that body                  In Person          Level 12, 225 George Street,
             corporate attending the meeting must have provided an “Appointment of Corporate                                         Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
             Representative” prior to admission. An Appointment of Corporate Representative form can
             be obtained from the company’s securities registry.
                                                                                                              Attending the Meeting
                                                                                                              If you wish to attend the meeting please bring this form with you to assist registration.
            IOOF Holdings Ltd
            ABN 49 100 103 722


                                                                                                                                 Your Address
                                                                                                                                 This is your address as it appears on the company’s share register.
                                                                                                                                 If this is incorrect, please mark the box with an “X” and make the
                                                                                                                                 correction in the space to the left. Securityholders sponsored by a
                                                                                                                                 broker should advise their broker of any changes.
                                                                                                                                 Please note, you cannot change ownership of your securities
                                                                                                                                 using this form.




For personal use only
                                                                                          PROXY FORM

              STEP 1           APPOINT A PROXY
              I/We being a member/s of IOOF Holdings Ltd (Company) and entitled to attend and vote hereby appoint:

                               the Chair of the Meeting (mark box)

              OR if you are NOT appointing the Chair of the Meeting as your proxy, please write the name of the person or body corporate (excluding the registered securityholder) you are
              appointing as your proxy below



              or failing the individual or body corporate named, or if no individual or body corporate is named, the Chair of the Meeting as my/our proxy at the Annual General Meeting of the
              Company to be held at the Sheraton Melbourne Hotel, 27 Little Collins Street, Melbourne Vic 3000 on Thursday, 28 November 2019 at 9:30am (AEDT) and at any
              adjournment of that meeting, to act on my/our behalf and to vote in accordance with the following directions or if no directions have been given, as the proxy sees fit.

              Chair of the Meeting authorised to exercise undirected proxies on remuneration related matters: If I/we have appointed the Chair of the Meeting as my/our proxy or the Chair of
              the Meeting becomes my/our proxy by default and I/we have not directed my/our proxy how to vote in respect of Resolutions 3 & 4, I/we expressly authorise the Chair of the
              Meeting to exercise my/our proxy in respect of these Resolutions even though Resolutions 3 & 4 are connected with the remuneration of a member of the key management
              personnel for the Company.

              The Chair of the Meeting will vote all undirected proxies in favour of all Items of business (including Resolutions 3 & 4). If you wish to appoint the Chair of the Meeting as your
              proxy with a direction to vote against, or to abstain from voting on an item, you must provide a direction by marking the ‘Against’ or ‘Abstain’ box opposite that resolution.



              STEP 2           VOTING DIRECTIONS
                               * If you mark the Abstain box for a particular item, you are directing your proxy not to vote on your behalf on a show of hands or on a poll and your vote will not
                               be counted in calculating the required majority if a poll is called.

                                                                                                                                                                   For        Against      Abstain*


              Resolution 2a    Re-election of Mr Allan Griffiths as Director


              Resolution 2b    Election of Mr Andrew Bloore as Director


              Resolution 2c    Election of Ms Michelle Somerville as Director


              Resolution 3     Adoption of the Remuneration Report


              Resolution 4     Grant of Performance Rights to the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director




              STEP 3           SIGNATURE OF SECURITYHOLDERS
                               This form must be signed to enable your directions to be implemented.

                         Individual or Securityholder 1                                        Securityholder 2                                                Securityholder 3




                   Sole Director and Sole Company Secretary                                        Director                                              Director / Company Secretary


            Contact Name……………………………………………....                                  Contact Daytime Telephone………………………................................                 Date            /         / 2019
For personal use only




                annual
                 report
                  2019
For personal use only
                        Contents
                        About IOOF                                     3
                        Our diversified business model                 4
                        Chairman's commentary                          5
                        CEO and Managing Director’s commentary         6
                        2019 results at a glance                       8
                        2019 strategic priorities                      9
                        Directors                                     10
                        Environmental, Social and Governance report   13
                        IOOF Foundation                               25
                        Financial report                              28
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                    About IOOF
                    At IOOF, we have been helping Australians secure their financial independence for over
                    170 years and have grown to become a leading Australian wealth management organisation.

                    Today, IOOF is one of the largest financial services groups in Australia. As an ASX top 200 company with $149.5 billion in funds
                    under management, administration and advice, we currently provide quality financial advice, products and services to more than
                    500,000 clients around Australia*.

                    Our broad range of services means that our ability to provide tailored solutions to help our clients achieve their financial goals
                    is unparalleled.

                    What does IOOF do?
                    IOOF provides a range of wealth management solutions to Australians, including:

                    Financial Advice                               Portfolio and Estate Administration              Investment Management
                    We believe in the value of financial           We offer financial advisers, their clients and   Through our investment management
                    advice. Whether provided through the           thousands of employers around Australia          expertise, we offer a range of highly
                    organisations we partner with or our own       leading superannuation and investment            rated multi-manager solutions that add
                    extensive network of financial advisers,       administration platforms. Our unique             value on several fronts; those being
                    our goal is to help clients build, maintain    open architecture model means we                 our active management of underlying
                    and protect their wealth.                      not only offer our IOOF platforms but a          investment managers, our dynamic
                                                                   selection of leading external platforms          asset allocation and our robust risk
                                                                   to ensure advisers and their clients can         management approach. We also offer a
                                                                   choose the product and service solutions         tax-effective alternative to super through
                                                                   that best suit their individual needs. Our       our investment bond.
                                                                   trustee business includes compensation
                                                                   trusts, estate planning and administration,
                                                                   personal trustee services, philanthropy,
                                                                   Small APRA Funds (SAFs) and self-managed
                                                                   super fund (SMSF) solutions.




                    * As at 30 June 2019



                                                                                                                                                                   3
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                    Our diversified business model




                                                                     Salaried      Self-employed
                                                                     advisers          advice
                                                                                     licensees

                                                                                                          > Adviser Assistance
                                                                                                            Program
                                                          Asset                                 Adviser   > IOOF Advice Academy
                                                         solutions                              support   > IOOF Alliances
                                                                                                          > IOOF TechConnect
                                                                            Clients
                                                                                                          > FASEA transition support

                                                               Intergenerational    Best of breed
                                                                  and estate        administration
                                                                 management
                           > Wills and estate planning
                           > Compensation trusts
                           > Native Title services
                           > Philanthropy




                    As at 30 September 2019




            4
                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                    Chairman's
                    Commentary                                                                   Allan
                                                                                              Griffiths




                    2019 was a challenging year industry-wide and for IOOF. To our shareholders, on behalf of
                    the Board, thank you for your support.

                    Restoring trust                                In appointing a successor for Chris,
                                                                                                                 Reshaping the business
                                                                   we considered high quality candidates
                    IOOF and all participants in the               from both within the company and              We remain committed to the completion
                    wealth management industry have                externally. Ultimately, the Board was         of the acquisition of ANZ’s Pensions
                    faced significant scrutiny following           unanimous in its belief that Renato           and Investments business, which will
                    the Hayne Royal Commission.                    Mota had the vision and industry              deliver significant benefits for clients of
                    External commentary has been                   experience to lead us on our next phase       the combined group – and therefore to
                    scathing of the industry generally,            of transformative growth. Renato brings       our shareholders.
                    giving us the important task of                to the role great energy and ambition         We also continue to focus on the core
                    regaining the trust of our stakeholders.       for the company and we have no doubt          assets that fit with our advice-led
                    We are confident of doing so.                  that he is the right person for the job.      strategy. This resulted in the successful
                    At Board level, a key focus over the           Renato also joined the IOOF Board             sale of our holdings in AET Corporate
                    past year has been to entrench new             upon his appointment as CEO and               Trust, Ord Minnett and Perennial
                    governance structures and introduce            Managing Director.                            Value Management.
                    higher standards. We believe that the          Also, at Board level, we appointed
                    work being undertaken will leave us with       Andrew Bloore and Michelle Somerville         Outlook for the
                    a governance model that is best practice       to the IOOF Board. With respective            year ahead
                    within the industry. We have taken very        experience as a technology entrepreneur
                    positive steps to improve relationships        and as a partner at a Big 4 accounting        I am very proud to chair the Board
                    with all stakeholders, particularly with       firm, they will contribute to the diversity   of IOOF and am excited by the
                    our regulators.                                of thinking and experience on the Board.      opportunities that lie ahead.

                                                                   On behalf of the Board, I would like to       The difficulties experienced and
                    Board and senior                                                                             the lessons learned will only make
                                                                   thank the Executive Team and all IOOF
                    management changes                             staff for their diligence and dedication      us stronger and better in serving
                                                                   over the past year in the midst of            the hundreds of thousands of
                    Over the year, we saw a number of
                                                                   significant external pressure. As an          Australians who depend upon us.
                    changes to the IOOF executive team.
                                                                   indication of their commitment to the         Our core purpose and our passion
                    In April 2019, our former Managing Director,
                                                                   company and recognising the significant       – to provide prosperity and security
                    Christopher Kelaher, departed the
                                                                   impact on the share price over the            for Australians throughout their life
                    company. Chris led the group through
                                                                   past year, the Executive Team refused         journey – remains unchanged.
                    periods of transformative growth which
                    brought IOOF to where we are today.            to accept short-term incentives for the       On behalf of the Board, once again
                    I would like to acknowledge his vision         2018–19 year.                                 thank you for your continuing support.
                    and contribution to the Board and to
                    IOOF over the past ten years.


                                                                                                                 Allan Griffiths



                                                                                                                                                                5
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                    CEO and Managing
                    Director’s commentary                                                                               Renato
                                                                                                                         Mota




                    In a year of significant change, our focus has been on stabilising the business and restoring
                    trust with the community. With significant progress already made and work continuing,
                    we are well placed to deliver for our shareholders into the future.

                    Stabilising our business                      members best interests are met and             review, resulted in a $223 million provision
                                                                  that we continue to challenge ourselves        for advice remediation. This was a
                    As our Chairman has noted, it was             to deliver improved outcomes for               necessary exercise to identify any exposure
                    a challenging year for IOOF. In very          superannuation members.                        that we may have to instances of fees for
                    sudden circumstances, I was appointed                                                        no service, inadequate documentation or
                    Acting CEO in December 2018 and               Business performance                           inappropriate advice. Having employed
                    permanent CEO in June of this year.                                                          expert industry knowledge in designing
                    I was honoured to take on the role,           Despite the challenging operating
                                                                                                                 and conducting the review, we are
                    and well aware of the challenges that         environment, our business performance
                                                                                                                 confident that the review and resulting
                    lay ahead. My number one focus was            remained strong. Underlying net profit
                                                                                                                 outputs are robust and prudent .
                    to stabilise and restore trust in our         after tax was $198.0 million, up 3.4%
                                                                  from 2018 and we saw FUMA grow
                    business. To do this, we have focused on
                                                                  18.7% to $149.5 billion – bolstered by the
                                                                                                                 Simplifying our core
                    engaging with all our stakeholders in a
                    transparent and purposeful manner; be         successful addition of the ANZ advice          advice-led offerings
                    it internally with our people or externally   licensees. Importantly, we continued
                                                                                                                 We continue to lead the industry
                    with shareholders, investors, advisers,       to see positive net flows of $1.4 billion
                                                                                                                 in business simplification and cost
                    members and our regulators.                   into our proprietary platforms and
                                                                                                                 management. During the year, we
                                                                  $520 million via our advice groups.
                                                                                                                 made a number of divestments of
                    Uplifting our Governance standards was        I was also encouraged to see that our
                                                                                                                 non-core businesses in order to focus
                    a key part of this. We completed a review     adviser net promoter score was +17%
                                                                                                                 on our core. We sold AET Corporate
                    of the Risk & Compliance function and         vs an industry average of -30%. As an
                                                                                                                 Trust for $51.6 million, Ord Minnett
                    appointed a new Chief Risk Officer to lead    advice-led business, to see our advisers
                                                                                                                 for $115 million and our associate
                    the team. We made significant progress        continuing to be positive about IOOF
                                                                                                                 stake in Perennial Value Management.
                    on the licence conditions imposed on us       during a particularly difficult time for the
                                                                                                                 We announced our intention to reduce
                    by APRA and have met all required items       advice industry was pleasing.
                                                                                                                 the number of platforms that we have
                    due by 30 June 2019. We continue to
                                                                                                                 from 2 to 1 by 2021. For many years, we
                    work diligently to progress the remaining     Advice review                                  have had a mantra of “spend money
                    conditions. One of the licence conditions
                                                                  Statutory net profit after tax of              like its our own” and as CEO, I intend to
                    involved the establishment of an Office
                                                                  $28.6 million was impacted by the advice       preserve that discipline, as a key pillar of
                    of the Superannuation Trustee (OST). The
                                                                  review that we undertook. The advice           our financial success.
                    OST plays an important role in ensuring




            6
                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                    ANZ Pensions &                               In what has been an unprecedented
                                                                 year for IOOF I am incredibly proud
                    Investments (ANZ P&I)                        and thankful for the commitment and
                    business acquisition                         dedication of our people. All of our people
                                                                 have worked incredibly hard over the
                    We continue to work towards completion
                                                                 past year through intense scrutiny and
                    of the ANZ P&I acquisition. On 17 October
                                                                 uncertainty. I want to thank them for their
                    2019, we received "No Objection" notices
                                                                 efforts and also thank the Executive Team
                    from One Path Custodians and ANZ
                                                                 for their personal support. It gives me great
                    Banking Group Limited. We also announced
                                                                 confidence that we have an enthusiastic
                    a revised price of $825 million, down
                                                                 and committed team to guide us to reach
                    $125 million from the original agreed
                                                                 the “Prosper” phase – the creation of an
                    price. APRA approval is the only remaining
                                                                 industry leading business guided by a clear
                    condition for the acquisition to complete.
                                                                 sense of purpose.
                    This will be transformational for IOOF and
                    I am excited by the significant benefits     To our shareholders – I thank you for
                    that the combined group will deliver to      your continued support in what has
                    members and shareholders.                    been a very trying year. I and the team
                                                                 at IOOF are committed to restoring
                    Outlook                                      and transforming the prospects of
                    At our results briefing in August 2019,      our business, for the benefit of all
                    I announced a multi-year strategy            stakeholders including its owners
                    designed to deliver IOOF to a position of    – our shareholders.
                    industry leadership. Within this strategy
                    I described three discrete phases –
                    Stabilise, Transform, Prosper. We have
                    made significant progress to stabilise the
                    business over 2019 and work continues.       Renato Mota
                    We have started our transformation with
                    platform simplification underway and
                    reinvention of our advice business. The
                    completion of the ANZ P&I acquisition will
                    complement this transformation .




                                                                                                                                             7
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    2019 results at a glance




For personal use only
                                UP 3.4%                                                                  UP 18.7%

                         $198m
                            Underlying NPAT
                                                $28.6m
                                                    Statutory NPAT,
                                                                                                $149.5b
                                                                                                              FUMA
                                                including remediation




                              Growing             Total fully franked                                    Focusing
                            the business         dividends per share                                      on core

                                                44.5cps
                           embedding ANZ                                                      • Divestment of AET
                           advice licencees                                                     Corporate Trust for the
                                                                                                sale price of $51.6m
                           with contribution
                            of $16.1b FUMA                                                    • Divestment of
                            in nine months                                                      Ord Minnett for the
                                                                                                sale price of $115m




                              Delivering        Attracting net inflows                              Advice review
                              for clients             Platform                                       undertaken
                               Adviser NPS           $1.4b                                           Remediation cost
                         +17% (vs industry             Advice                                            $182.7m
                           average of -30%)1
                                                   $520m                                               Program costs

                                                                                                         $40.4m


                                                            Resilience and agility in
                                                          a changing environment

            8                                                1 Investment Trends 2019 IOOF Licensee Satisfaction Report: Industry NPS Extract
                                                                                                                IOOF | annual report 2019




                    2019 strategic priorities –
                    transforming with purpose




For personal use only
                    Stabilise                      Progress made

                                                   • Completed review of Risk & Compliance function
                            Restoring trust        • New Chief Risk Officer appointed
                                                   • Reset of engagement with stakeholders



                            Accelerating           • Implemented all 30 June Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA)
                            governance                licence conditions
                                                   • All relevant Protecting your Super and Royal Commission recommendations
                                                      are ready for adoption
                                                   • Independent advice review undertaken
                            Advice review          • Provision of $182.7m for remediation and $40.4m in program costs



                    Transform                      Progress made

                                                   • Continuing to work towards completion of the ANZ P&I business acquisition
                                                   • Open dialogue with APRA regarding new APRA approval process for
                            Building long-term        change in control
                            scale benefits         • Integration of ANZ advice licensees (ANZ ALs)
                                                   • Progressing rationalisation of platform administration systems –
                                                      end 2021 (Project Evolve)


                                                   • Commitment to reinvention of advice
                            Build client-centric
                                                   • ClientFirst remains a competitive advantage
                            business model
                                                   • Delivering choice through open architecture, scale and diversity




                                                                                                                                            9
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Directors




For personal use only
                                                                             Allan                                      Renato
                                                                          Griffiths                                      Mota



                    Qualifications and          • B.Bus, DipLI.                             • BComm(Hons), B.Bus
                    independence status         • Independent Non-Executive Director        • Chief Executive Officer and
                                                • Director since 2014                          Managing Director

                                                • Acting Chairman effective                 • Chief Executive Officer
                                                   10 December 2018                            effective 25 June 2019

                                                • Chairman effective 4 April 2019           • Managing Director effective
                                                                                               25 June 2019
                                                                                            • Acting Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                               effective 10 December 2018




                    Experience, special         More than 30 years’ experience with         With more than 20 years’ experience
                                                a deep understanding of the financial       in financial services prior to being
                    responsibilities, listed
                                                services industry. Mr Griffiths has held    appointed CEO, Mr Mota held a number
                    and other significant       a number of executive positions within      of senior executive roles within IOOF.
                    directorships               the industry most notably as Chief          In December 2018, Mr Mota was
                                                Executive Officer, Aviva Australia and      appointed Acting CEO and prior to
                                                later, Managing Director South Asia,        that was Group General Manager –
                                                Aviva Asia Pte Ltd based in Singapore.      Wealth Management since January 2016.
                                                                                            During this time he was instrumental
                                                Prior to joining Aviva, Mr Griffiths held
                                                                                            in leading IOOF through a series of
                                                executive positions with Colonial
                                                                                            forward-thinking, strategic initiatives
                                                Ltd and Norwich Union. Mr Griffiths
                                                                                            including IOOF’s advice-led strategy, the
                                                is Chairman of the Westpac/BT
                                                                                            group’s ClientFirst transformation and
                                                Insurance Boards and the Chairman
                                                                                            establishing the IOOF Advice Academy.
                                                of Metrics Credit Partners. Chair of the
                                                Group Nominations Committee and             Previously, he held numerous executive
                                                member of the Group Audit and Group         roles as General Manager of Distribution,
                                                Remuneration Committees.                    Investor Solutions and Corporate
                                                                                            Strategy and Communications.
                                                                                            Before joining IOOF in 2003, Mr Mota
                                                                                            worked for Rothschild and NAB in
                                                                                            corporate finance roles with a focus
                                                                                            on mergers and acquisitions where he
                                                                                            was involved in wealth management
                                                                                            transactions including the demerger
                                                                                            of Henderson Group plc from AMP
                                                                                            in 2003 and NAB’s acquisition of MLC
                                                                                            and Deutsche Financial Planning.




          10
                                                                                                                             IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                                              Andrew                                   Elizabeth                                         Jane
                                               Bloore                                      Flynn                                       Harvey



                    • Independent Non-Executive Director     • LLB, Grad Dip App Corp Gov, FAICD,          • B.Com, MBA, FCA, FAICD
                        since 2 September 2019                  FFin, FGIA, FCIS                           • Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                             • Independent Non-Executive Director          • Director since 2005
                                                             • Director since 2015




                    Andrew Bloore is an experienced          Ms Flynn has more than 30 years’              Ms Harvey has more than 30 years’
                    Non-Executive Director and               experience in the financial services          experience in the financial and advisory
                    entrepreneur, having designed,           industry, including roles within law and      services industry. Prior positions include
                    built and sold a number of businesses,   corporate governance as well as executive     as a Partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers,
                    including the superannuation             responsibilities. From 1998 to 2010,          a Director of Dulux Group Limited from
                    administration businesses Smartsuper     Ms Flynn was the Chief Legal Counsel,         2018 to 2019, a Director of UGL Limited
                    and SuperIQ and the superannuation       Group Compliance Manager and Group            from 2015 to 2017, and as a Director of
                    software design business Class Super.    Company Secretary of financial services       DUET Finance Limited, a stapled entity
                    In these areas and other industries      group Aviva Australia, and a director of      within the ASX Listed DUET Group from
                    Mr Bloore has focused on the             Aviva Australia’s superannuation trustee      2013 to 2017.
                    development of key disruptive            company. Prior to her time at Aviva,
                                                                                                           Ms Harvey is currently a Director of BUPA
                    technologies and distribution            Ms Flynn spent 18 years as a commercial
                                                                                                           A&NZ entities. Ms Harvey is the Chair
                    services in traditional markets to       lawyer with Minter Ellison, including
                                                                                                           of the Group Audit and Remuneration
                    create business efficiencies.            eight years as a Partner, specialising
                                                                                                           Committees and member of the Group
                                                             in managed funds, banking and
                    Mr Bloore is an Independent                                                            Nominations and Group Risk and
                                                             securitisation and superannuation.
                    Non-Executive Director on the Boards                                                   Compliance Committees.
                    of the following IOOF subsidiaries;      Ms Flynn was a non-executive director
                    IOOF Investment Management Limited       of Bennelong Funds Management from
                    (29 November 2018 to date) and IOOF      2010 to 2015 and is a non-executive
                    Limited (26 November 2018 to date        director of AIA Australia Limited. Ms Flynn
                    and Chairman until 29 August 2019)       is Chair of the Group Risk and Compliance
                    and was on the Board of Australian       Committee and a member of the IOOF
                    Executor Trustees Limited from           Investment Management Limited (IIML)
                    29 November 2018 to 29 August 2019,      and IOOF Limited Risk and Compliance
                    also chairing that Board.                Committees and member of the IOOF
                                                             Ltd Risk and Compliance Committee,
                    Mr Bloore is also a member of the IIML
                                                             and member of the APRA Regulated
                    and IOOF Limited Audit Committees.
                                                             Entity (ARE) Audit Committee until
                                                             28 November 2018. Member of the Group
                                                             Remuneration and ARE Remuneration
                                                             and Nominations Committees.                                                                 11
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                                                  John                                    Michelle                                        George
                                                  Selak                                 Somerville                                      Venardos



                    • Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD                        • BBus (accounting), M App Sc,               • BComm, FCA, FGIA, FAICD, FCIS
                    • Independent Non-Executive Director            FCA, GAICD                                • Independent Non-Executive Director
                    • Director since 2016                        • Independent Non-Executive Director         • Director since 2009
                                                                    since 1 October 2019
                                                                                                              • Leave of absence commenced
                                                                                                                 10 December 2018
                                                                                                              • Chair from 2016 to 2018
                                                                                                              • Ceased as Chairman effective
                                                                                                                 4 April 2019




                    Mr Selak has over 40 years’ experience       Michelle Somerville is an experienced        An experienced Director with broad
                    in the financial and advisory services       Non-Executive Director, bringing deep        listed company experience across
                    industry. From 2000 to 2016 Mr Selak         and relevant finance, risk and governance    a range of different industries,
                    was a Partner in the Corporate Finance       experience to the Board, having worked       including financial services, affordable
                    Practice of Ernst & Young serving            in the financial services industry in both   leisure, oil and gas services and
                    on their Global Corporate Finance            her executive and non-executive roles.       technology development.
                    Executive. From 2014 to 2017 Mr Selak
                                                                 Ms Somerville currently sits on the          Mr Venardos has 30 years’ experience
                    was an advisory board member of
                                                                 boards of The GPT Group, Bank Australia      in Executive roles in financial services,
                    Quest Apartment Hotels.
                                                                 and a number of smaller organisations.       insurance and funds management
                    Mr Selak is currently Chairman of Corsair    Previously she was an audit partner          including 10 years as CFO of Insurance
                    Capital, a non-executive director of         with KPMG Australia for nearly 14 years,     Australia Group and Chairman of
                    National Tiles, Turosi Food Solutions, and   with a focus on the financial services       the Insurance Council of Australia
                    the IOOF Foundation. Chair of the ARE        industry in both Australia and overseas.     Finance and Accounting Committee.
                    Audit Committee until 28 November                                                         Former Director of Bluglass Ltd from
                    2018 and Chair of the Australian Executor                                                 2008 to 2016 and Ardent Leisure Group
                    Trustees Limited Audit Committee.                                                         from 2009 to 2017.
                    Member of the Group Audit, Group Risk
                                                                                                              Mr Venardos was Chair of the Nominations
                    and Compliance, and IOOF Ltd Audit
                                                                                                              Committee and member of the Group
                    Committees. Member of the Group
                                                                                                              Audit and Remuneration Committees
                    Nominations Committee.
                                                                                                              until 10 December 2018.




           12
                                                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Environmental, Social and Governance report
                    Strong ESG practices and performance are critical to our continued success




For personal use only
                    Maintaining strong Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG)
                    practices enables us to manage risks and opportunities in
                    a way that balances the long-term needs of stakeholders,
                    including clients, employees, shareholders, suppliers,
                                                                                                             rs                      Cl
                    the community and the environment.                                                    lde                          i
                                                                                                         o
                                                                                                Sh                                      ents
                                                                                                  areh

                                                                                                                  Understand me
                                                                                                                   Look after me
                                                                                                                 Secure my future
                                                                                                                                             s
                                                                                                     m                               oy
                                                                                                  Co   m                               ee
                                                                                                           un
                                                                                                                it y                    pl
                                                                                                                                   Em
                                                                                      En                                                             ce
                                                                                         v  iro                                                        a   n
                                                                                                  nm                                               r n
                                                                                                       ent                                   v   e
                                                                                                                   a l, S o c i a l, G o

                    Material exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance matters
                    Our reputation as a leading provider of quality financial services and ability to achieve our strategic aims could be damaged by
                    failing to identify, monitor and report material ESG risk exposures.

                    In determining our exposure, the Board considers our business model, the industry in which we operate, current areas of focus of
                    our regulators, media and public commentary and the interests of our stakeholders, including industry bodies, investors, clients,
                    members and analysts.

                    Material ESG matters are outlined below.

                                  Governance

                                  Stakeholder                  Material ESG matter
                                  Our business                 • Accelerating corporate governance
                                                               • Advice review
                                                               • Cybersecurity and privacy
                                                               • Climate change and the environment
                                                               • Tax transparency


                        Culture
                                  Our clients                  • Establishing trusted relationships with advisers
                                  and community                • Advocating for quality financial advice for all Australians
                                                               • Giving back to our communities

                                  Our people                   • Evolving our culture
                                                               • Leadership and capability
                                                               • Supporting our people
                                                               • Diversity and inclusion



                                                                                                                                                                             13
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Our business




For personal use only
                    ESG practices are deeply embedded in our day-to-day business operations and to the creation of long-term
                    financial outcomes for our advisers, clients, members and shareholders.

                    Accelerating corporate governance
                    In 2019, we have been focused on uplifting and strengthening                 • the implementation and effective operation of an
                    our governance framework. Central to this has been a full risk                   independent member outcomes driven function
                    and compliance review to help understand what areas we need                      (the Office of the Superannuation Trustee or OST)
                    to improve and invest in as the financial services environment               • monitoring and reporting on progress
                    continues to rapidly evolve.                                                     via an independent expert.
                    In December 2018, APRA gave notice of additional                             On 20 August 2019, IOOF announced that it had met all its
                    licence conditions on IOOF’s APRA regulated entities.                        30 June 2019 requirements to the satisfaction of the independent
                    Broadly, these conditions require:                                           expert and was on track to meet all remaining requirements by
                    • separation of responsible entity and registrable superannuation            the relevant deadlines. Further updates will be provided to the
                        entity duties to separate independent corporate entities                 ASX at www.asx.com.au, code: IFL.


                    Progress made on key APRA licence conditions
                         Summary description                                                                                      Due date required by
                                                                                                                                  a licence condition
                         Split RSE Licence (RSEL) and RE Licence functions into distinct legal entities
                    1    • IIML                                                                                                   31 December 2019
                    2    • AET                                                                                                    Implemented
                    3    • Hold separate board meetings to consider the interests of RSELs, separate from                         Implemented, to be maintained
                           board meetings held for RE functions
                    4    Implement and maintain a dedicated business function to support the AREs                                 Implemented, to be maintained
                    5    Move to majority independent directors and Chair of the AREs                                             Implemented, to be maintained
                    6    Appoint an independent expert to prepare an analysis in relation to the possible consolidation of RSEs   Subject to ANZ P&I acquisition
                    7    Amend the structure and composition of the ARE Board committees to comply with                           Implemented, to be maintained
                         Prudential Standards
                         Clear action plan arising from the EY Independent Review into conflicts of interest and risk culture
                    8  • Complete actions with 31 December 2018 due dates                                                         Implemented
                    9  • Complete actions with 31 March 2019 due dates                                                            Implemented
                    10 • Complete actions with 30 June 2019 due dates                                                             Implemented
                    11 Provide regular reporting to APRA and meet monthly                                                         Ongoing
                    12 Appoint an Independent Reviewer to report to APRA quarterly                                                Appointed and ongoing


                    Separation of Responsible Entity and                                         Three lines of defence
                    Registerable Superannuation Entity                                           We apply a ‘three lines of defence’ model to the identification
                    As noted above, in 2019, work began to separate IOOF’s                       and management of risk and compliance issues. Our first line
                    Responsible Entity (RE) and Registerable Superannuation                      of defence is the operational areas of the business that are
                    Entity (RSE) functions into distinct legal entities.                         responsible for developing, delivering and supporting products
                    Separating these structures will reduce the potential for                    and services for our clients. Our second line of defence develops,
                    conflicts of interest between our investment management                      maintains and enhances IOOF’s risk management framework.
                    activities and superannuation services. This work will be                    Our third line of defence provides assurance on how effectively
                    completed by the end of calendar 2019.                                       we have assessed and managed any risk and compliance issues.
                                                                                                 We have significantly increased the resources dedicated to our
                                                                                                 three lines of defence and expect to see continued maturation
                                                                                                 of our risk and compliance culture in 2020.
           14
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Risk and compliance function                                             APRA Federal Court proceedings
                    In 2019, we merged our risk and compliance functions to form the         In December 2018 APRA commenced Federal Court proceedings
                    Enterprise Risk and Compliance division, solely focused on our           against two IOOF entities, two directors and three employees.
                    second line of defence. Consisting of over thirty subject matter         The proceedings sought declarations that the corporate entities
                    experts (a majority of whom were recruited externally), this team        breached trustee duties and contravened the Superannuation




For personal use only
                    has made significant progress in uplifting our governance                Industry (Supervision) Act 1993 (Cth), and disqualification orders
                    activities as quickly and sustainably as possible.                       against the five individuals from acting as trustees or a
                                                                                             responsible officer of a trustee.
                    We are using technology to support this process, by moving from
                    multiple legacy reporting systems to a single integrated system.         On 20 September 2019, the Federal Court held that IOOF’s
                    This will make it easier for our people to effectively manage            APRA regulated entities and the five individuals did not
                    operational risk and compliance across multiple entity levels.           contravene the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act
                    We have also amended our breach reporting and complaint                  1993 (Cth). The Federal Court also declined to make the
                    handling policies and procedures to enhance the identification,          disqualification orders sought against the five individuals and
                    management and monitoring of breaches and incidents.                     awarded costs in IOOF’s favour.

                    In addition, a number of executive and business level
                                                                                             Corporate governance statement
                    forums have been established to improve accountability,
                    transparency and oversight of risk and compliance across the             IOOF has adopted Listing Rule 4.10.3 which allows companies to
                    organisation, and with external stakeholders.                            publish their corporate governance statement on their website
                                                                                             rather than in their annual report. The Directors of IOOF have
                                                                                             reviewed and approved the statement, which is available at:
                                                                                             www.ioof.com.au/about_us/corporate_governance

                    Advice review
                    We are holding ourselves to higher standards and ensuring that our obligations to clients are met.
                    In February 2019, we committed to completing an advice review to identify any instances of fees for no service, fees for inadequate
                    documentation and inappropriate advice. An extensive review was undertaken by PwC which resulted in a provision for remediation
                    of $223.2 million (includes interest at RBA + 6% and $40 million in program costs). IOOF had also expensed $12.1 million of product
                    related remediation.

                    Advice review undertaken

                        1 Develop Key Risk Indicators                 2 Identify target advisers                       3 Independent   review
                                                                                                                         of target advisers

                          • 17 KRIs identified for:                   • 67 target advisers identified                  • Over 1,200 client files from
                            –– Fees for no service/                      across advice groups for                         2015–2019 independently
                               inadequate documentation                  detailed sample testing                          reviewed
                            –– Inappropriate advice                   • Advice Groups included                         • Independent review
                                                                         in advice review:                                conducted by PwC
                          • External sources of
                            information to develop KRIs:                 –– Bridges                                       –– Sample size determined by
                            –– ASIC Report 515                           –– Consultum                                       independent reviewer as
                                                                                                                            statistically significant
                            –– KRIs utilised in the industry             –– Lonsdale
                            –– Other industry sources of                 –– Shadforth
                               information relating to adviser        • Total adviser population:
                               conduct and behaviour                     788 advisers


                        4 Estimate remediation                        5 Estimate program costs                         6 Assess period to complete
                                                                                                                         remediation payments

                          • Expected provision rate                   • Program costs have been                        • Multi-year program of work
                            extrapolated across population               calculated on a cost per
                            of all 788 advisers                          file review basis for both
                          • Consistent with RG 256, interest             inadequate documentation
                            on remediation payments has                  and inappropriate advice
                            been set at RBA cash rate + 6%




                                                                                                                                                                   15
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Advice review outcomes


                                                      $12.1m
                                 Product remediation expensed




For personal use only
                                                            $40.4m
                                                      Program costs                                                  $182.7m
                                                                                                                     Remediation
                                                                                                                     (including interest)




                    Cybersecurity and privacy
                    In line with our purpose of understand me, look after me,        Our people undergo various levels of awareness training,
                    secure my future, we are committed to keeping our clients and    including at induction, bi-annual face-to-face training,
                    members personal data secure, by ensuring we have robust         mandatory annual online training, as well as personal one-on-one
                    and evolving cybersecurity and privacy controls in place.        training sessions where there is a high cyber risk. Training sessions
                                                                                     include awareness of cyber risks and behaviours, privacy
                    Cybersecurity                                                    fundamentals and principles, fraud detection and reporting
                    Cyber risk is one of the top risks faced by the IOOF Group.      and AML/CTF obligations. We use positive reinforcement in
                                                                                     our training programs to drive high levels of engagement.
                    Five years ago, we established a dedicated cybersecurity         Each month we reward employees who have been successful
                    and technology risk team (Cybersecurity team) to ensure an       in preventing cyber threats with enterprise-wide recognition
                    enhanced focus on cybersecurity controls. Cybersecurity          of their vigilance as well as an award for their efforts.
                    roles and responsibilities are clearly defined and documented.
                    Our cybersecurity strategy, policies, tactical initiatives and   Phishing email simulation testing is conducted regularly to test
                    operational controls are based on the National Institute of      the effectiveness of training sessions. Results from the phishing
                    Standards and Technology (NIST) cybersecurity framework          tests are used to further fine tune training opportunities.
                    and comply with ISO27001 standard – an international             Job specific security training is also embedded in our wider
                    standard for information security management.                    teams. The training programs are constantly reviewed to ensure
                                                                                     relevance and to ensure latest concepts are covered. Our aim is
                    IOOF has a Cybersecurity Governance Forum that meets regularly   to ensure that our staff have leading edge knowledge in areas
                    to ensure a cross business functional overview of cyber risks    of technology risk and cyber threats.
                    and related controls. Our Cybersecurity team reports to the
                    Board every month on cyber incidents, events, readiness and      Third party risk management is of key importance for IOOF.
                    improvement projects. The Cybersecurity team also reports        All third party relationships are established only after a
                    to the Board’s Risk & Compliance committee on Key Risk           rigorous due diligence process governed by our Vendor
                    Indicators and the organisation’s performance against these.     Management Policy. Security risk assessments are conducted
                                                                                     at the initiation of the contract, as well as on a regular
                    The aim of our cybersecurity policies and frameworks is          basis throughout the contract. This ensures that IOOF has
                    to ensure that:                                                  adequate assurance over the conduct and controls that third
                    • appropriate controls are implemented                           parties have in place, for protection of information that is in
                                                                                     custody of the third party.
                    • our cyber risk exposure is minimised
                    • our risk management processes are effective.                   IOOF collaborates with both Government bodies and the
                                                                                     industry to keep abreast of cyber trends, developing cyber
                    Like all business operations, cybersecurity relies on people,
                                                                                     threats and controls, as well as to discuss, collaborate and
                    processes and technologies. We understand that the key to
                                                                                     share new strategies and tactics relating to cyber controls.
                    a holistic, effective and lasting cybersecurity program is the
                    human element. Our people are our first line of defence and
                    IOOF has a considerable focus on enabling and embedding
                    a 'cybersecurity culture' throughout the business.



          16
                                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




                    IOOF is an active member of Joint Cyber Security Centre (JCSC)     As a leading provider of wealth management solutions, this will
                    and a partner with Australia’s national Computer Emergency         ultimately help us better understand climate-related issues and
                    Response Team (CERT). IOOF is also a founding member of the        how they can impact investment decisions.
                    Australian Chapter of the Global Cybersecurity Alliance which
                                                                                       IOOF has joined a list of over 830 organisations worldwide
                    is an international, cross-sector effort designed to confront,
                                                                                       and over 50 other Australian organisations in its support for




For personal use only
                    address, and prevent malicious cyber activity. The Cybersecurity
                                                                                       the TCFD. Australian organisations which have supported the
                    team at IOOF is also a member of industry groups such as
                                                                                       TCFD include the big four banks, APRA, Industry Super Funds,
                    the CISO Lens, ISACA and the Australian Information Security
                                                                                       investment managers and other large ASX listed companies.
                    Association (AISA) which ensures that they are updated with
                    relevant knowledge and intelligence into latest trends and         Responsible investment
                    threats, impacting the Australian and Global cyber landscape.
                                                                                       Our multi-manager investment management offering ensures
                    Privacy                                                            ESG factors are considered by underlying investment managers
                                                                                       in their investment decision-making processes in order to
                    Our clients trust us to look after them by ensuring that
                                                                                       protect and manage investments for the long term.
                    their personal information is safe and secure. Any personal
                    information we collect is handled in accordance with the IOOF      In 2017, an ESG clause was added to all of our Investment
                    Group Privacy Policy, which outlines how we manage personal        Management Agreements with external fund managers
                    information. We have a program in place to ensure privacy          to integrate ESG practices into their investment process.
                    awareness remains at the forefront of our employees’ minds.        These managers must now identify and manage risks
                                                                                       and opportunities associated with ESG as part of their
                    Since 2015, IOOF has been an active participant in the
                                                                                       investment process.
                    Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s annual
                    Privacy Awareness Week (PAW), during which employees               In 2018, the Investment Management Division developed a
                    engage in initiatives and activities to reinforce the importance   Responsible Investing Statement of Principles, with approval
                    of protecting information. In addition, online privacy awareness   and commencement of the implementation of the statement
                    training is provided to all employees annually and targeted        during 2019.
                    training is delivered several times a year. We support a           The Responsible Investment Position Statement was developed
                    strong culture of privacy compliance, where reporting and          with reference to current best practice described by the
                    responding to privacy breaches is second nature.                   Principles for Responsible Investment. It covers the mainstream
                    We are continually looking for better ways to enhance our          equities, property and infrastructure security assets in our
                    capabilities, to ensure our controls remain effective and to       managed investment schemes and applies to our external fund
                    build privacy awareness.                                           managers through our Investment Management Agreements.

                                                                                       We undertook a process to review our approaches to the
                    Climate change and the environment                                 measurement and scoring of our multi-manager portfolios
                    Climate change presents significant challenges for society         against the Responsible Investing Statement of Principles
                    and generates both risks and opportunities for IOOF's              and are rolling out an investment database system to capture
                    business and stakeholders.                                         individual security holdings of our investment managers within
                                                                                       our multi-manager funds. Once complete (expected in FY
                    Climate change forms part of our approach to ESG integration
                                                                                       2020), this will assist us in monitoring exposure to ESG sensitive
                    and is incorporated into our Responsible Investment Position
                                                                                       sectors and ultimately score funds on carbon exposure and
                    Statement. Other environmental issues we consider include
                                                                                       other dimensions of Responsible Investing.
                    energy efficiency, pollution, water management, biodiversity
                    and site restoration. We are committed to implementing the         A range of processes have been introduced to existing manager
                    following measures specifically to address climate change.         due diligence, selection and monitoring practices, to include
                                                                                       an evaluation of each fund manager’s ESG methodologies and
                    Task Force for Climate-Related                                     capabilities. In house analysis is supplemented by independent
                    Financial Disclosures                                              external research provided by our asset consultant (Mercer),
                                                                                       which analyse and rate fund managers’ ESG processes. The
                    In September 2018, IOOF announced its support for the              Investment Management Division utilises Mercer to engage
                    Task Force for Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD)         with incumbent and prospective managers and to evaluate
                    recommendations. The TCFD recommendations are designed             the extent of integration of ESG criteria in their respective
                    to solicit consistent, decision-useful, forward-looking            investment process.
                    information on the material financial impacts of climate-related
                    risks and opportunities, including those related to the global
                    transition to a lower-carbon economy.

                                                                                                                                                             17
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Environmental, Social, and Governance factors that form the basis of our statement are wide ranging and may have varying impacts
                    on risk and return on our products. The following table shows some examples of areas covered under ESG:

                        Environmental (E)                   Social (S)                          Governance (G)
                        Climate impact                      Human capital management            Board experience, diversity, accountability, tenure and structure




For personal use only
                        Energy efficiency                   Diversity and employee relations    Executive remuneration (short and long term)

                        Pollution                           Working conditions                  Bribery and corruption

                        Water management                    Occupational health and safety      Anti-competitive behaviour

                        Biodiversity and site restoration   Labour standards                    Political lobbying and donations

                    A number of approaches can be taken to include ESG issues including:

                    • Integration: Inclusion of ESG factors in the investment                     companies to pose considerable financial risk to the
                         decision making process to improve investment outcomes.                  tobacco industry and challenge the business model.
                    • Active ownership: Engage with companies (including via                   • Supply chain risk: Tobacco industry use of child labour
                         proxy voting) to improve investment outcomes.                            is under the spotlight as supply chains are analysed.

                    • Themed: Impact investing targeting areas                                 In addition, IOOF has an 18% shareholding in Australian
                         which generate attractive returns with                                Ethical (ASX: AEF); Australia’s largest dedicated ESG investment
                         sustainability social improvement themes.                             manager. This represents a long-standing commitment
                    • Exclusions: Screen out companies or industries                           to responsible investing with our initial investment dating
                         assessed to represent a long-term risk to returns due                 back to 2005.
                         to negative ESG factors that cannot be mitigated via
                                                                                               Our environmental impact
                         Integration, Active Ownership, or Themed Investing.
                                                                                               As a diversified financial services company, we seek to minimise
                    Integration is considered the most appropriate approach to
                                                                                               our impact on the environment through a range of waste,
                    responsible investing given our objectives. All four approaches
                                                                                               energy and emission-reduction activities.
                    may be deployed as deemed appropriate. Exclusion is reserved
                    for companies or industries where other approaches cannot                  During 2017 we commenced a significant project to consolidate
                    reasonably be expected to achieve our objectives.                          our property footprint, which will better enable us to monitor
                                                                                               and manage our environmental impact. In November 2018 we
                    This year we modified Investment Management Agreements
                                                                                               moved all of our Hobart based staff to 59 Liverpool Street.
                    to exclude Tobacco Manufacturers from portfolios, with a
                    plan to the end of September 2019 for managers to transition               In September 2017, we moved all Melbourne based staff

                    tobacco manufacturing companies out of our portfolios.                     to work in one energy efficient office building. A Four Star
                                                                                               NABERS Energy Rating and Three Star NABERS Water Rating are
                    Our Responsible Investing Statement of Principles allows
                                                                                               targeted by the Building managers. In addition, there is a fully
                    for the exclusion of individual companies or sectors where
                                                                                               digitised Building Management System which will monitor air
                    the principle of engagement is unlikely to be successful in
                                                                                               temperature and quality, 24/7, to maximise efficiency across
                    achieving Responsible Investing objectives.
                                                                                               the building, and utilise outside air to supplement the in-house
                    In the case of tobacco, the engagement with management                     system when suitable. Combined, this will make the building
                    of tobacco manufacturers was viewed as unlikely to result in               one of the most environmentally responsible commercial
                    reducing long term investment risks specific to this sector                addresses in Melbourne CBD.
                    that may reasonably be expected to emerge, due to the high
                                                                                               In Sydney, we moved all of our people to 30 The Bond
                    proportion of total revenue generated by tobacco companies
                                                                                               in December 2017; a 5.5 Star NABERS rated building.
                    through the sale of tobacco products.
                                                                                               Environmental sustainability and enablement of our people
                    Long-term investment risks associated with Tobacco                         were significant factors in choosing this building. It has a three
                    Manufacturers are:                                                         and a half Star NABERS water rating and a Five Green Star
                                                                                               rating, meaning it is currently one of the most environmentally
                    • Regulatory risk: Unprecedented global
                                                                                               sustainable buildings in Sydney.
                         cooperation to reduce tobacco use
                    • Litigation risk: Challenging the business model of
                         externalising costs. Major class actions against tobacco

          18
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    We also continue to seek better ways to minimise our                    monitored and in line with the IOOF Group’s strategy. The IOOF
                    environmental impact, including working with contractors,               Group regards its relationship with the ATO as effective and open
                    landlords and service providers to increase waste recycling.            thereby maintaining transparency and collaboration.

                    Outside of our major office movements, we continue to work
                                                                                            Tax contribution analysis
                    with our landlords in all locations to ensure we are limiting




For personal use only
                    our waste emissions and will look to report on total overall            The IOOF Group contributed a total of $160.6m in taxes
                    improvements as part of our annual ESG reporting process.               to Australian, New Zealand and Hong Kong governments
                                                                                            (state and federal) in the 2019 tax year. $160.2m or 99.75% of
                    • Reducing non-essential air travel. We changed
                                                                                            this amount was attributable to the Australian Government.
                        our corporate air travel arrangements to a single
                                                                                            The below graphs provide an analysis of the types of taxes the
                        provider for all domestic and international travel.
                                                                                            IOOF Group is liable for and those payable in Australia versus
                    • Upgraded our internal communications system to better                 those in foreign jurisdictions. Further taxes paid by the IOOF
                        facilitate video conferencing in all of our office locations.
                                                                                            Group on behalf of others, including employees and members,
                    • Encouraging employee work practices that                              are not directly borne by the Group. These include income
                        reduce environmental impacts.                                       tax, GST, pay-as-you-earn withholding taxes, and local duties,
                    • To encourage a move to a paperless environment, we                    which total a further $133m.
                        implemented 'Follow Me' printing to reduce unnecessary
                        printing of documents and paper wastage.
                                                                                                                                Income Tax $95.3m
                    Tax transparency                                                                    2019 tax                GST $46.4m
                                                                                                      contribution
                    The IOOF Group is committed to tax transparency and integrity.                    by type (total            Payroll Tax $14.9m
                                                                                                        $160.6m)
                    It has been a signatory to the Board of Taxation’s Voluntary Tax                                            Fringe Benefits Tax $1.2m
                    Transparency Code (the Code), since January 2017.                                                           Other $2.8m
                    The Code is a set of principles and ‘minimum standards’ to guide
                    disclosure of tax information by businesses, encourage those
                    businesses to avoid aggressive tax planning, and to help educate
                                                                                                        2019 tax
                    the public about their compliance with Australia’s tax laws.
                                                                                                     contribution by
                                                                                                      country (total
                                                                                                                              Australia $160.2m
                    The IOOF Group provides a reconciliation of accounting profit
                                                                                                        $160.6m)              Other $0.4m
                    to tax expense, and to income tax paid/payable including
                    identification of material temporary and non-temporary
                    differences and accounting effective company tax rates for
                    the IOOF Group's Australian and global operations.
                                                                                            Fiduciary oversight of superannuation
                    Information about international related                                 IOOF received the latest ATO Large Fund Diagnostic Report for
                    party dealings                                                          the superannuation funds which IOOF Investment Management
                                                                                            Limited administers. The ATO uses the outcome of these
                    The IOOF Group conducts foreign activities in New Zealand,              reports to categorise the risk of incorrect ATO reporting and
                    via IOOF New Zealand, and in Hong Kong, via share broking               direct compliance activity. The ATO has noted in past years that
                    business, Ord Minnett (now a discontinued operation).                   “very few funds met more than eight of the 13 benchmarks”.
                    Each of those entities is subject to the local tax regime
                    and effective tax rates are disclosed with the IOOF Group’s             IOOF has met, or exceeded all 13 benchmark tests for its flagship
                                                                                            product, continuing the excellent results received in each of
                    effective tax rate. Related party dealings between the IOOF
                                                                                            the last four years. It continues to be ranked as one of the best
                    Group’s Australian and foreign jurisdictions are supported
                                                                                            performing funds in Australia in respect of ATO reporting.
                    by transfer pricing documentation.
                                                                                            The super funds administered by IOOF Investment Management
                    Approach to tax strategy and governance.                                Limited were the first funds in Australia to successfully
                                                                                            implement the newly introduced Member Account Attribute
                    Tax governance is part of the IOOF Group’s overall risk management
                                                                                            Service (MAAS) and Member Account Transaction Service
                    framework, as well as being part of an overall tax strategy.
                                                                                            (MATS). These initiatives ensure real time reporting, and aid in
                    The overall tax strategy drives the IOOF Group’s approach to tax risk
                                                                                            excellent member outcomes.
                    management and is aimed at good corporate tax compliance and
                    reporting, ability to meet and be prepared for regulatory changes,      Further detail on tax paid by the IOOF Group can be found in
                    and in ensuring shareholder value. Tax governance is continuously       note 2–6 to the financial statements within this Annual Report.

                                                                                                                                                                   19
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Our clients and community
                    In today’s complex and ever-changing financial world, it has never been more important for people to seek
                    qualified and experienced guidance to secure their financial future. One of our major goals is to make it easier for all
                    Australians to access and benefit from receiving the right advice for their individual needs and objectives.




For personal use only
                    Establishing trusted relationships                                     Advocating for quality financial
                    with advisers                                                          advice for all Australians
                    At IOOF, we believe in the value of financial advice.                  Our unique advice-led wealth management strategy is
                                                                                           differentiating us from our peers and is focused on delivering
                    We currently employ or licence approximately 1,500 advisers
                                                                                           quality financial advice to all Australians.
                    and also have trusted relationships with financial advisers who
                    operate independently.                                                 As one of Australia’s leading financial services businesses,
                                                                                           we are pleased to be investing in the continued improvement
                    We also believe in setting the highest standards in advice.
                                                                                           in the quality of advice for the benefit of all Australians.
                    Advisers joining one of IOOF’s advice groups are subject to
                    meeting minimum adviser education standards and undergo                In July 2016, we launched the IOOF Advice Academy,
                    rigorous compliance and on-boarding processes, to ensure               which aims to be the pre-eminent training and coaching
                    that the quality of financial advice IOOF is offering our clients      resource for the financial planning industry. Our vision for
                    is uncompromised.                                                      the IOOF Advice Academy is to create an environment where
                                                                                           ongoing financial planning relationships deliver continued
                    The true value of advice                                               mutual value and enable our clients to live their ideal lives
                    IOOF undertook a survey of 521 advised and non-advised clients         and be free of financial concern.
                    and discovered that those who receive ongoing financial planning       Three years on from its inception, our IOOF Advice Academy
                    advice experience1:                                                    continues to lead the way in specialist coaching for financial
                    • 13% greater levels of overall personal happiness.                    advice businesses. Through bespoke workshops, in-practice
                                                                                           specialist coaching and implementation, we address the
                    • 21% overall increase in peace of mind.
                                                                                           challenges of providing quality advice through ever-changing
                    • 19% less likelihood to have arguments with loved ones.               technology, regulation and consumer expectations.
                    Meanwhile those who don’t receive financial advice were:               The IOOF Advice Academy supports advice businesses and
                    • 22% more likely to have their sleep disrupted due to                 their clients to achieve what’s important to them. Our ultimate
                        money concerns.                                                    aim is to empower clients to live their ideal lives by achieving
                                                                                           their financial and lifestyle goals.
                    • 15% more likely to feel stress and anxiety.
                    • 11% more likely to feel concerned about their finances.
                    In addition, 83% of clients surveyed endorsed the value of financial
                    advice by saying it’s also important for their loved ones to have
                    good financial advice.

                    A financial adviser provides the peace of mind of a well thought out
                    plan which ensures better preparation for the future. Advice also
                    extends beyond measurable financial gains, to improved physical
                    health, stronger relationships and personal happiness.




          20                                                                                                                 1 IOOF: The true value of advice (2015)
                                                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                                                                          Our Advice Academy
                                       Enabling advice businesses and their clients to achieve their ultimate measure of success.




For personal use only
                         Objectives                                           Practice                           Integrated                           Coaching                   Tools,
                                               Developing
                        and outcome-                                        support and                            advice                         focused on client            templates
                                                industry
                        based advice                                       team member                          philosophies                        progression              and education
                                                 talent
                         framework                                            training




                    Acting in the best interests of our clients
                    Supported by robust corporate governance foundations,                                     ClientFirst is much more than changing a process or a
                    IOOF is committed to our ClientFirst strategy. In an environment                          technology system. It’s about completely changing the way
                    where product has become a commodity, and technology                                      we work. It requires us to systematically understand client
                    can be easily replicated, client experience is fast becoming a                            demand types, variation and the roles all people through the
                    sustainable competitive advantage.                                                        organisation play in delivering demand. ClientFirst is about
                                                                                                              revealing unmet client needs, reframing client problems,
                                                                                                              and helping us to rethink the entire client experience.




                    Deep alignment on culture and new                                                                                                                              Our people
                    operating model around our clients                                                                                              Are embracing our ClientFirst strategy.
                    Trusted by clients and partners as a leader                                                                             It is driving empowerment and enablement.
                                                                                                   ON               ADV
                    in advice and financial services.
                                                                                       IB   UT I                            I CE                   New methods and measures emerging.
                                                                                    TR                 Vision and
                                                                               IS                      Leadership
                                                                           D
                    Leadership development                       T&             Celebrate                               Coaching        OP                    Date driven decision making
                                                                                 success                              and capability
                                                               UC                                                                          ER
                    Investing in our leaders to help                                                PURPOSE                                                           Capturing new data that
                                                                                                                                                    O
                    them better support our people.          P R OD    System                                                      Data driven
                                                                                                                                               AT I              reveals what really matters to
                    Our leaders meet quarterly to                     capability                                                    decision      NS           clients. Building new capability
                                                                                                                                    making
                    discuss progress.                                                              Clients                                                         to utilise the data to deliver
                                                                                                                            ODS
                                                                                     MEA
                                                                      Operating
                                                                                                                                                                         more value for clients.

                                                             GOVE
                                                                                                                                                  Y
                                                                       rhythm                                                       Planning
                                                                                       SU
                                                                                                                     TH                          LO G
                                                                                              RE                        E
                    Knowledge and documentation                                                    S                M                                                           Improvement
                                                               RN              Visual                                                      NO
                                                                            Management                               Improvement
                    We have documented processes                 AN                                                                      CH                      Empowering our people and
                    from a client perspective. This is                CE   SE                      Knowledge and                      TE                    leaders to solve client problems in
                    revealing significant opportunities to                      RV                 documentation
                                                                                                                                                        ‘the moment’. New support tools and
                                                                                      ICE
                                                                                              S                         CE
                    innovate and redesign the way our                                                       FINAN                                          techniques to identify and address
                    clients interact with us.                                                                                                                   the root cause of client issues.



                                                                                                                                                                                                    21
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Giving back to our communities                                        Our RAP seeks to:

                                                                                          • break down stereotypes and discrimination
                    IOOF Foundation
                                                                                          • show respect and appreciation for Aboriginal and Torres
                    Since its formal establishment in 2001, the IOOF Foundation              Strait peoples’ strengths, values and traditions
                    has donated more than $14 million to community groups                 • engage actively with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander




For personal use only
                    across Australia. Our IOOF Foundation develops strong                    peoples to gain a deeper understanding
                    partnerships with non-profit organisations that are bringing
                                                                                          • offer our expertise and influence to assist Aboriginal and
                    opportunities to those less fortunate and are helping
                                                                                             Torres Strait Islander peoples to understand their rights
                    communities to grow and thrive.
                                                                                          • create opportunity for Aboriginal and Torres Strait
                    The IOOF Foundation offers long-term grants (up to three                 Islander peoples.
                    years) in areas important to the history of IOOF and the wider        Some of our key achievements under the RAP for the past
                    Australian community.                                                 year include:

                    Further information on the programs that have been supported          • extending national reconciliation week activities across
                    by the IOOF Foundation, can be found on page 25 of this report.          the business and creating awareness by providing a
                                                                                             company-wide webinar and guest speaker to promote
                                                                                             National Reconciliation week.
                    Reconciliation Action Plan
                                                                                          • recognising NAIDOC week
                    We believe that all Australians can contribute to the
                                                                                          • increasing the number of employees completing online
                    reconciliation of the nation. We remain committed to the
                                                                                             cultural competency training
                    Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) that was put in place across
                    two of our businesses, AET and Shadforth Financial Group              • staff attending the Madallah ball (organisation that provides
                    (SFG). We continue to take steps forward to leverage our                 Aboriginal scholarships for private education)
                    combined expertise, past experience and networks to engage            • continuing to partner with local indigenous suppliers
                    with Traditional Owners and to raise awareness of their issues in     • attending national native title conference
                    order to address inequality within our society.
                                                                                          • continuing to provide opportunity to partner with local ATSI
                                                                                             group by holding an official acknowledgment to country.
                    Our RAP helps to increase the cultural awareness of Aboriginal
                    and Torres Strait Islander peoples – for all IOOF employees at a
                    national level. Our vision is to create a workplace culture that is
                    respectful towards Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples
                    and their unique place in society.




          22
                                                                                                                                  IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Our people
                    At IOOF, our people are critical to our success and we want them to be engaged, motivated and empowered to
                    succeed. Living our purpose of understand me, look after me and secure my future, is key to our success and we
                    challenge each other to bring this to life in our everyday interactions.




For personal use only
                    Evolving our culture
                    The wellbeing of our clients is paramount to us at IOOF.           Our Senior Leader Forum also brings together key leaders from
                    Embedding a ClientFirst way of thinking, where we put the client   across the business regularly to ensure they are aligned on key
                    at the centre of all we do, will help strengthen our culture.      issues and focus areas.

                    Our culture is underpinned by four core values                     We’re keenly aware that our reputation is built on the specialist
                                                                                       knowledge and the expertise of our people, so we go to great
                    • Commitment – We do what we say we will do.
                                                                                       lengths to maintain the quality of the people we employ and to
                        We persevere in the face of challenges.
                                                                                       ensure our IOOF values underpin everything we do.
                    • Excellence – We search for ways to improve.
                        We strive to exceed expectations.                              We aim to create an environment where our people have
                                                                                       the tools and support to own and drive their professional
                    • Empathy – We listen, we feel and we care.
                                                                                       development. We adopt the 3E Framework - Experience,
                        We treat each other with respect.
                                                                                       Education and Exposure, and encourage managers and
                    • Trust – We act honestly, openly and reliably.                    employees to have conversations about career development
                        We nurture positive working relationships.                     on an ongoing basis. We offer study and study leave and
                                                                                       professional membership support.
                    Employee engagement and alignment
                                                                                       As we continue to grow, we want to make sure our systems
                    In 2019, we again undertook a survey to assess our employee
                                                                                       provide a positive experience for our people. In April 2019,
                    engagement and alignment and our key indicators have
                                                                                       we launched ‘My IOOF’, a user-friendly platform replacing multiple
                    remained stable since last years’ survey. The transformation of
                                                                                       HR systems and forms, driving better capability in areas like
                    our industry and the challenges that we have worked through
                                                                                       performance, talent management, recruitment and development.
                    over the past 12 months, has reaffirmed the resilience of our
                    teams as we remained focused on our clients, advice-led
                                                                                       Supporting our people
                    strategy and purpose. Our biggest areas of strength were in
                    perceptions of senior leadership and team leadership.              We offer some of the best benefits in the industry for our
                                                                                       people. We also understand that everyone is different, so the
                    Our recent initiatives to improve employee engagement include:
                                                                                       benefits we offer meet a range of diverse needs, including:
                    • fortnightly CEO webinars                                         • service awards
                    • improved parental leave policy including 12 weeks’ paid          • recruitment referral bonus
                        parental leave, a $4,000 childcare bonus and super paid for
                                                                                       • IOOF Staff Super Plan
                        the duration of parental leave
                                                                                       • regular connection and recognition events
                    • focused on health and wellbeing through a number of
                        educational webinars and wellbeing initiatives                 • social clubs
                    • launched My IOOF, our integrated people platform                 • IOOF Staff Super
                    • introduced formal recognition programs across the business       • IOOF Day
                    • strong focus on strengthening risk and compliance culture.       • discounted public transport tickets (Victoria).
                                                                                       • salary packaging
                    Leadership and capability                                          • IOOF benefits program - exclusive access to discounted
                    Strong and inspiring leadership is critical to achieving our          gift cards, e-gift cards and discounts at large retailers and
                    strategic and cultural objectives. Developing, aligning and           leisure outlets.
                    empowering leaders has been a key focus of the last 12 months.
                    IOOF is committed to developing our existing and future leaders
                    and our Leading@IOOF and Leadership Foundation programs
                    continued to strengthen our leadership capability.




                                                                                                                                                              23
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Flexibility                                                             We have a Diversity and Inclusion Committee in place,
                                                                                            chaired by the CEO, which reviews and proposes initiatives
                    We know that life is busy and want to help our people to
                                                                                            through a consultation process, to help drive our Diversity
                    manage life commitments, stay healthy and recharge. We are
                                                                                            and Inclusion agenda.
                    respectful that people have different commitments and
                    lifestyle circumstances and therefore fully support workplace           Whilst we embrace difference in all forms, we have a keen




For personal use only
                    flexibility. We also appreciate that one size doesn’t fit all and       focus on supporting more women into senior leadership
                    understand individuals and teams have diverse needs, so offer a         roles in our organisation. We continue to take steps to address
                    range of formal and informal work arrangements including:               issues of gender pay equality and offering opportunities for
                                                                                            networking inside the organisation and more broadly. We also
                    • part-time work                                                        offer 12 weeks paid parental leave, 10 ‘keeping in touch’ days,
                    • working remotely                                                      a child care bonus and superannuation continues to be paid
                    • flexible start and finish times                                       during parental leave.
                    • purchased leave                                                       The table below sets out female representation at board,
                    • time off in lieu                                                      senior management and all staff levels:
                    • job sharing.
                                                                                             Group                                 Sept 2018     Oct 2019

                    Wellbeing                                                                Women in executive/board positions         4              6

                    We believe in promoting a healthy work life balance and
                                                                                             Women in senior management                29           29
                    support our people to achieve this through a number of
                    initiatives. Access to a confidential Employee Assistance
                    Program (EAP) and wellbeing offerings include flu vaccinations,          Women on the IOOF Holdings                33%          38%
                                                                                             Limited Board                            2 of 6       3 of 8
                    gymnasium discounts and preferred health insurance rates
                    with select insurers.
                                                                                            Volunteering and giving
                    We also support our advisers and their businesses and as an
                    example of the support we offer, financial advisers who are             For the last decade, we have supported employees who are
                    licensed with IOOF can now access confidential support and              interested in volunteering through the use of paid volunteer
                    advice, 24 hours per day, 365 days a year through our EAP.              leave. This equates to more than 16,000 hours of volunteer time
                    We have also been running wellbeing workshops at licensee               available for our people.
                    professional development days. We will continue to introduce            Activities have ranged from cooking at homeless shelters,
                    more wellbeing support, which will include practical tools              supporting Christmas giving programs, looking after
                    and resources.                                                          neglected/ maltreated animals, to supporting local school
                                                                                            programs and providing gardening support. Organisations
                    Diversity and inclusion                                                 assisted include Hobart City Mission, RSCPA, Wesley Mission,
                    IOOF understands that diversity and inclusion are core                  The Salvation Army and Easy Gardens.
                    components of embracing the different talents and backgrounds
                                                                                            Our people actively support a number of key community
                    of our employees. We view our diversity of skills and experience
                                                                                            initiatives in our offices throughout the year.
                    as qualities which strengthen us to support our purpose and
                    achieve the best outcome for our team and customers.                    Our Workplace Giving program encourages our people to make
                                                                                            a tax-effective donation that IOOF matches dollar for dollar.
                    IOOF 2019/2020 Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan aims to
                                                                                            This is a simple and effective way for our people to make small
                    embrace our differences and ensure employees can operate
                                                                                            regular donations. We have committed to invest further in this
                    at their potential by reducing barriers and adopting Equal
                                                                                            program, moving to a new online platform and expanding the
                    Employment Opportunity principles. In this context, diversity
                                                                                            number of organisations we will support. We have listened
                    and inclusion covers gender, age, ethnicity, race, sexual
                                                                                            to our employees and understand that it is important to give
                    orientation, physical abilities, religious beliefs and other beliefs.
                                                                                            them a choice in where they give their time and money,
                    It also extends to differences surrounding socio-economic or
                                                                                            which encourages greater participation.
                    educational background, marital status, mental health, family
                    responsibilities and addressing matters of domestic violence.




          24
                                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                    Established as a not-for-profit organisation in June 2002, at the time of IOOF’s
                    demutualisation, the IOOF Foundation recognises the historical origins of IOOF
                    and the important role it has played in the Australian community since 1846.

                    Since its formal establishment in 2002 the IOOF Foundation has        self-sufficient and support long-term solutions that help
                    donated more than $14 million to community groups across              families move out of poverty or avoid a crisis.
                    Australia. The IOOF Foundation is funded by the income from a      • Children and youth – The IOOF Foundation supports
                    $20 million plus corpus provided by IOOF. IOOF also funds our         education projects that help break the cycle of disadvantage
                    running costs, ensuring that all of our investment income goes        and empower young Australians to reach their potential.
                    to the community programs we support.                                 Priority is given to programs addressing prevention and
                    Our grants program offers long-term grants (up to three               early intervention and education, employment and training
                    years) in areas important to the history of IOOF and the wider        for young people.
                    Australian community aligned to our focus areas. To date these     • Mental health – All people, regardless of where they live
                    have been in the areas of:                                            or economic status should have access to quality mental
                                                                                          health care. We have seen that impacts of mental health
                    • Aged care – The IOOF Foundation gives priority to
                                                                                          may have flow on effects with many experiencing poverty,
                        programs that are committed to providing the quality
                                                                                          homelessness and unemployment as a result. To make
                        of life for individuals and their families with progressive
                                                                                          inroads in to these issues, we need to address this. Integrated
                        neurological and physical diseases.
                                                                                          within our core programs is access to resources that focus on
                    • Families – Our basic needs program, supports community              early intervention and prevention.
                        groups that are assisting families that are struggling to be




                                                                                                                                                             25
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                        2019 Community Partners
                        The grants that are approved are innovative, yet sustainable, and are those that will provide value to the community.
                        This helps ensure that grants provided make a real impact on the community and achieve a meaningful result.




For personal use only
                        • Aboriginal Literacy Foundation               • Mama Lanas                                • Spinal Research Institute
                        • Ardoch Youth Foundation                         Community Foundation                     • The Smith Family
                        • Central Australian Youth Link                • Menzies Institute for                     • Very Special Kids
                           Up Service                                     Medical Research
                                                                                                                   • Youth Focus WA
                        • Colman Foundation                            • MND & Me Foundation
                                                                                                                   • Zephyr Foundation
                        • Giant Steps Australia                        • Parkinsons Australia
                                                                                                                   • Wintringham
                        • Girls from Oz                                • Reach Foundation




                    Very Special Kids (VSK)                                                  Ardoch Youth Foundation
                    VSK is an organisation with a passion for supporting families            Ardoch is a children’s education charity focused on improving
                    throughout the entire journey of caring for children with                educational outcomes for children and young people in
                    life-threatening conditions, from diagnosis to adulthood or              disadvantaged communities. Our Brisbane and Perth offices
                    bereavement. VSK has been providing hope, support, respite and           are involved in the Ardoch’s ‘Literacy Buddies’ – a program that
                    specialised care to families with terminally ill children for over       matches primary school students and corporate volunteers to
                    24 years. VSK runs Victoria’s only children’s Hospice (located in        improve literacy and inspire their learning through the art of
                    Malvern), where families and children with life-threatening              letter writing.
                    conditions can go for respite and end-of-life care. It helps families
                                                                                             A team of Big Buddies and classes of up to 25 Little Buddies
                    see beyond their worst fears providing comfort through a
                                                                                             (primary school students) exchange letters throughout the
                    very difficult experience. The IOOF Foundation supports their
                                                                                             school year. The program is welcomed by schools and teachers
                    regional program contributing more than $85,000 over the
                                                                                             not only for the positive impact on students’ literacy but for the
                    last two years. Our staff supported this partnership with their
                                                                                             social and aspirational outcomes that result from the connection
                    own fundraising efforts as part of the VSK Treadmill Challenge.
                                                                                             between the Buddies. The goal of the program is to connect
                    The team ran (and walked) for 24 hours throughout the day and
                                                                                             children from disadvantaged backgrounds with positive
                    night fundraising for VSK an inspiring charity and the terminally
                                                                                             working role models. Throughout the course of the school year,
                    ill children they support. The team raised more than $60,000.
                                                                                             the Big Buddy encourages and supports their Little Buddy's
                                                                                             individual academic achievement. These experiences can
                    The Reach Foundation                                                     motivate educational engagement and boost self-esteem for
                    This year we commenced a new partnership with The Reach                  children at critical stages of their lives. The IOOF Foundation
                    Foundation (Reach). Reach is a not-for-profit organisation that          is looking to continue supporting this program in Brisbane,
                    works with young people to improve their emotional intelligence,         Perth and Sydney in 2020.
                    self-awareness and resilience through workshops designed and
                    delivered by their peers – fellow young people. The initial two-year     Girls From Oz
                    partnership will see IOOF supporting Reach’s grassroots programs.
                                                                                             The IOOF Foundation has funded the Girls from Oz (g-oz)
                    As a major focus of this partnership, we will be supporting              program for the last two years. G-oz provides high-quality
                    Heroes Day. Heroes Days are a crucial part of the Reach calendar,        performing arts education to engage girls and young women in
                    run in Vic and NSW. At each Heroes Day, Reach brings together            remote and regional Australia. The vision is to foster a sense of
                    up to 500 Year nine students to a workshop that is designed to           belonging and connectedness between participants and their
                    build their social and emotional skills, develop their resilience,       community, giving students the self-assurance to speak and
                    and motivate them to make more positive life choices.                    perform in front of their peers and families and to feel proud
                                                                                             of their achievements as empowered, resilient and confident
                    Heroes Day are designed and delivered by a dynamic team of
                                                                                             young women. This year, the girls travelled from rural Australia
                    Reach crew, ensuring a relevant, challenging and captivating day
                                                                                             for the opportunity to perform at the Arts Centre Melbourne
                    for students. This highly experiential workshop uses the powerful
                                                                                             with the Australian Girls Choir. We are delighted to partner with
                    metaphor of the ‘Heroes Journey’ to help young people explore
                                                                                             the team at g-oz and look forward to hosting the choir in our
                    their own lives and reframe challenges they may be facing.
                                                                                             Sydney office this year.

          26
                                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




                    The Smith Family                                                   with MS in Australia increased by just over 20 per cent from 2010
                                                                                       to 2017, from 21,283 to 25,607. The report found an economic
                    At IOOF, we recognise that financial competency is not only        cost of MS to the Australian community of $1.75 billion.
                    an essential life skill, but also important in building strong
                    communities. One of our core programs provides grants to           The IOOF Foundation supports the research led by Professor
                    community groups that are committed to educating and               Ingrid van der Mei, the MS WorkSmart Program. The program is




For personal use only
                    promoting the development of money management skills               focused on developing a Cognitive Behavioural Intervention for
                    amongst those considered least financially literate.               people with MS in the workforce.

                    A large component of our program is done in                        Aboriginal Literacy Foundation
                    partnership with the Smith Family. Together each year
                    we educate 4,000 disadvantaged young people across                 One out of five people in the world cannot read or write.
                    Australia by financially supporting them to obtain a               At IOOF, we are part of the journey to change that. We support
                    Certificate 1 in Financial Services.                               the beliefs of the Aboriginal Literacy Foundation – that positive
                                                                                       and practical change to closing the gap between Indigenous
                    “A big thank you to The Smith Family! Before this course           and non-Indigenous young people starts with literacy
                    I spent my money willy nilly and didn't think saving was           and numeracy.
                    important. The lady that ran the course was lovely and
                    I would definitely recommend to others.”                           The IOOF Foundation is committed to supporting the
                    NSW Certificate 1 in Financial Services participant                Literacy and Employment Readiness Program aimed at
                                                                                       preparing potential employees and members of the wider
                    Menzies Institute for Medical Research                             community for employment by improving their literacy
                                                                                       and numeracy competency. This program has the potential
                    The Menzies Research Institute Tasmania exists to improve          to effect real change in society, and especially in the lives
                    human health and well-being by performing excellent basic,         of many Indigenous men and women, and consequently
                    clinical and population health research that focuses on            their families and communities.
                    major diseases.
                                                                                       The Aboriginal Literacy Foundation is an independent,
                    MS currently has no cure, and the symptoms can include             not-for-profit, charitable organisation that relies on the
                    fatigue, bladder and bowel changes, difficulty concentrating,      generous support of the community to achieve its work.
                    difficulties with walking and balance, and a sensitivity to heat
                    and cold. In a report for MS Research Australia released in 2018
                    Menzies researchers calculated that the number of people living




                                                                                                                                                             27
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                    We’re committed
                    to providing quality
                    financial advice to
                    all Australians.




          28
                                                                   IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only
                                                     financial
                                                        report
                                                     for the year ended
                                                           30 June 2019




                        Contents
                        Directors’ Report                                              30
                        Remuneration Report                                            45
                        Directors’ Declaration                                         63
                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration                        64
                        Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members                    65
                        Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                 69
                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                   70
                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                    71
                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                           73
                        Notes to the Financial Statements                              74




                                                                                               29
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Directors’ report
                    The Directors present their report together with the financial report of IOOF Holdings Ltd (the “Company” or “Parent”) and of the
                    IOOF Group, being the Company and its subsidiaries and the consolidated Group’s interest in associates for the financial year ended
                    30 June 2019 and the auditor’s report thereon.




For personal use only
                    Directors
                    The Directors of the Company during or since the end of the financial year were:

                        Name, qualifications and            Experience, special responsibilities, listed and other significant directorships
                        independence status
                        Mr Allan Griffiths                  More than 30 years’ experience with a deep understanding of the financial services industry.
                        B.Bus, DipLI.                       Mr Griffiths has held a number of executive positions within the industry most notably as
                        Independent Non-Executive           Chief Executive Officer Aviva Australia and later, Managing Director South Asia, Aviva Asia Pte
                        Director                            Ltd based in Singapore. Prior to joining Aviva Mr Griffiths held executive positions with Colonial
                                                            Ltd and Norwich Union. Mr Griffiths is Chairman of the Westpac/BT Insurance Boards and the
                        Director since 2014
                                                            Chairman of Metrics Credit Partners. Chair of the Group Nominations Committee and member
                        Acting Chairman effective
                                                            of the Group Audit and Group Remuneration Committees.
                        10 December 2018
                        Chairman effective 4 April 2019
                        Mr Renato Mota                      With more than 20 years’ experience in financial services, prior to being appointed CEO,
                        BComm(Hons), B.Bus                  Mr Mota held a number of senior executive roles within IOOF. In December 2018, Mr Mota was
                        Chief Executive Officer and         appointed Acting CEO and prior to that was Group General Manager – Wealth Management
                        Managing Director                   since January 2016. During this time he was instrumental in leading IOOF through a series of
                                                            forward-thinking, strategic initiatives including IOOF’s advice-led strategy, the group’s ClientFirst
                        Chief Executive Officer effective
                                                            transformation and establishing the IOOF Advice Academy. Previously, he held numerous
                        25 June 2019
                                                            executive roles as General Manager of Distribution, Investor Solutions and Corporate Strategy
                        Managing Director effective
                                                            and Communications. Before joining IOOF in 2003, Mr Mota worked for Rothschild and NAB
                        25 June 2019
                                                            in corporate finance roles with a focus on mergers and acquisitions where he was involved in
                        Acting Chief Executive Officer
                                                            wealth management transactions including the demerger of Henderson Group plc from AMP
                        effective 10 December 2018
                                                            in 2003 and NAB’s acquisition of MLC and Deutsche Financial Planning.
                        Mr George Venardos                  An experienced Director with broad listed company experience across a range of different
                        BComm, FCA, FGIA, FAICD, FCIS.      industries, including financial services, affordable leisure, oil and gas services and technology
                        Independent Non-Executive           development. Over 30 years’ experience in executive roles in financial services, insurance
                        Director                            and funds management including 10 years as CFO of Insurance Australia Group and Chairman
                                                            of the Insurance Council of Australia Finance and Accounting Committee. Former Director
                        Director since 2009
                                                            of Bluglass Ltd from 2008 to 2016 and Ardent Leisure Group from 2009 to 2017. Chair of the
                        Leave of absence commenced
                                                            Nominations Committee and member of the Group Audit and Remuneration Committees
                        10 December 2018
                                                            until 10 December 2018.
                        Chair from 2016 to 2018
                        Resigned as Chairman effective
                        4 April 2019
                        Mr Christopher Kelaher              In 2009, Mr Kelaher became the Managing Director of the IOOF Group after its merger with
                        B.Ec, LL.B, F Fin.                  Australian Wealth Management Limited (AWM), a company he had led since 2006. Prior to AWM,
                        Managing Director                   Mr Kelaher was the CEO of Select Managed Funds Limited for nine years, a private company
                                                            which was brought to market in 2005 and in turn ultimately merged with AWM in 2006. In the
                        Director from 2009 to 2019
                                                            following periods, he has been instrumental in executing multiple mergers and acquisitions
                        Leave of absence commenced
                                                            that have added materially to the IOOF Group and its antecedent businesses. Mr Kelaher has
                        10 December 2018
                                                            extensive capital markets experience from his time during the late 1980s with Citicorp where he
                        Resigned from Board effective
                                                            oversaw the establishment of Citicorp Investment Management and Global Asset Management
                        4 April 2019
                                                            businesses in Australia and New Zealand.
                        Resigned from Company
                        effective 2 July 2019
                        Ms Jane Harvey                      Ms Harvey has more than 30 years’ experience in the financial and advisory services industry.
                        B.Com, MBA, FCAANZ, FAICD           Prior positions include as a Partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers, a Director of Dulux Group
                        Independent Non-Executive           Limited from 2018 to 2019, a Director of UGL Limited from 2015 to 2017, and as a Director of
                        Director                            DUET Finance Limited, a stapled entity within the ASX Listed DUET Group from 2013 to 2017.
                                                            Ms Harvey is currently a Director of BUPA A&NZ entities. Ms Harvey is the Chair of the Group
                        Director since 2005
                                                            Audit and Remuneration Committees and member of the Group Nominations and Group Risk
          30                                                and Compliance Committees.
                                                                                                                                         IOOF | annual report 2019




                        Name, qualifications and          Experience, special responsibilities, listed and other significant directorships
                        independence status
                        Ms Elizabeth Flynn                Ms Flynn has more than 30 years’ experience in the financial services industry, including roles




For personal use only
                        LLB, Grad Dip App Corp Gov,       within law and corporate governance as well as executive responsibilities. From 1998 to 2010, Ms
                        FAICD, FFin, FGIA, FCIS.          Flynn was the Chief Legal Counsel, Group Compliance Manager and Group Company Secretary of
                        Independent Non-Executive         financial services group Aviva Australia, and a director of Aviva Australia’s superannuation trustee
                        Director                          company. Prior to her time at Aviva, Ms Flynn spent 18 years as a commercial lawyer with Minter
                                                          Ellison, including eight years as a Partner, specialising in managed funds, banking and securitisation
                        Director since 2015
                                                          and superannuation. Ms Flynn was a non-executive director of Bennelong Funds Management from
                                                          2010 to 2015 and is a non-executive director of AIA Australia Limited. Ms Flynn is Chair of the Group,
                                                          IOOF Investment Management Limited (IIML) and Australian Executor Trustees Limited (AET) Risk and
                                                          Compliance Committees, member of the IOOF Ltd Risk and Compliance Committee, and member
                                                          of the APRA Regulated Entity (ARE) Audit Committee until 28 November 2018. Member of the Group
                                                          Remuneration and ARE Remuneration and Nominations Committees.
                        Mr John Selak                     Mr Selak has over 40 years’ experience in the financial and advisory services industry.
                        Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD               From 2000 to 2016 Mr Selak was a Partner in the Corporate Finance Practice of Ernst & Young
                        Independent Non-Executive         serving on their Global Corporate Finance Executive. From 2014 to 2017 Mr Selak was an advisory
                        Director                          board member of Quest Apartment Hotels. Mr Selak is currently Chairman of Corsair Capital,
                                                          a non-executive director of National Tiles, Turosi Food Solutions, and the IOOF Foundation.
                        Director since 2016
                                                          Chair of the ARE Audit Committee until 28 November 2018, and member of the IIML and
                                                          AET Audit Committees thereafter. Member of the Group Audit, Group Risk and Compliance,
                                                          and IOOF Ltd Audit Committees. Member of the Group Nominations Committee.

                    All Directors held office during and since the end of the financial year, unless otherwise noted.

                    The Group Remuneration and Nominations Committees review the balance of skills, experience, independence, knowledge and
                    diversity of Directors. This involves the creation of a board skills matrix setting out the mix of skills and diversity that the Board
                    currently has or is looking to achieve in its membership.

                    During the year each Board member completed a skills matrix. The Board was satisfied that the skills matrix results demonstrate
                    that the Board has the appropriate skills and experience necessary to oversee the operations and governance of the IOOF Group.
                    The Board Skills Matrix is available as part of our Corporate Governance Statement which is available on the IOOF website.

                    Principal activities
                    The principal continuing activities of the IOOF Group during the financial year consisted of:
                    • financial advice and distribution;
                    • portfolio and estate administration;
                    • investment management; and
                    • ex-ANZ wealth management.

                    Operating and financial review
                    In accordance with current Australian Accounting Standards, the audited financial results of the benefit funds of IOOF Ltd are included
                    in the consolidated results of the IOOF Group. The inclusion of the benefit funds has no impact on the profit after tax for the year
                    (2018: $nil), but results in offsetting pre-tax profit and income tax amounts not available to shareholders.

                    The following table, which has not been audited, provides a reconciliation between the reported results of the IOOF Group and
                    underlying net profit after tax pre-amortisation (UNPAT), with the results of the benefit funds excluded. In calculating its UNPAT,
                    the IOOF Group reverses the impact on profit of certain, predominantly non-cash, items to enable a better understanding of its
                    operational result. It is the UNPAT result which will be analysed in detail in this section of the Directors’ Report. The items reversed,
                    and the rationale for that reversal, is also addressed in detail.

                    Shareholders can review the more detailed results presentation by visiting the Company website at www.ioof.com.au




                                                                                                                                                                     31
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Directors’ report (cont’d)                                                      Operating and financial review (cont’d)


                                                                                                                          Note            2019               2018
                                                                                                                                          $’000              $’000
                        Profit attributable to Owners of the Company                                                                    28,560              88,301




For personal use only
                        (Profit)/Loss from discontinued operations                                                          2-2         (70,682)            17,106
                        Profit/(Loss) from continuing operations attributable                                                           (42,122)        105,407
                        to Owners of the Company
                        Underlying net profit after tax pre-amortisation (UNPAT) adjustments:
                        Reverse the impact of:
                        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                   2-4          37,651             37,378
                        Acquisition costs – Acquisition advisory                                                            2-4           2,488              5,367
                        Acquisition costs – Integration preparation                                                         2-4          20,766              4,973
                        Acquisition costs – Finance costs                                                                   2-4             416              6,725
                        Onerous contracts                                                                                   2-4               –              2,345
                        Termination payments                                                                                2-4           2,043              2,033
                        Profit on divestment of assets                                                                      2-3            (368)            (2,786)
                        Non-recurring professional fees (recovered)/paid                                                    2-4           2,027               (902)
                        Impairment of goodwill and related investment                                                       2-4          13,920             28,339
                        Unwind of deferred tax liability recorded on intangible assets                                                  (10,200)            (10,195)
                        IOOF ADG remediation costs                                                                          2-4         235,278                  –
                        Other                                                                                               2-4             875              1,244
                        Income tax attributable                                                                                         (77,829)             (4,181)
                        UNPAT from continuing operations                                                                               184,944          175,747
                        UNPAT from discontinued operations                                                                               13,045             15,670
                        UNPAT                                                                                                           197,989         191,417


                    UNPAT Adjustments:                                                          Acquisition costs – Finance costs: Costs of securing finance
                                                                                                for the acquisition of the ANZ ADGs and substantial economic
                    Amortisation of intangible assets: Non-cash entry reflective                completion of the ANZ P&I business.
                    of declining intangible asset values over their useful lives.
                    Intangible assets are continuously generated within the IOOF                Onerous contracts: A pcp non cash entry to record the
                    Group, but are only able to be recognised when acquired.                    estimated present value of expected costs of meeting
                    The absence of a corresponding entry for intangible asset                   the obligations under contracts where the costs exceed
                    creation results in a conservative one sided decrement to                   the economic benefits expected to be received pursuant
                    profit only. It is reversed to ensure the operational result is             to the contracts.
                    not impacted. The reversal of amortisation of intangibles is                Termination payments: Facilitation of restructuring to
                    routinely employed when performing company valuations.                      ensure long term efficiency gains which are not reflective
                    However, the amortisation of software development costs                     of conventional recurring operations.
                    is not reversed in this manner.
                                                                                                Profit on divestment of assets: Divestments of non-core
                    Acquisition costs – Acquisition advisory: Payments to                       businesses, client lists and associates.
                    external advisers for corporate transactions, such as the
                                                                                                Non-recurring professional fees (recovered)/paid:
                    acquisition of the ANZ Aligned Dealer Groups (ANZ ADGs)
                                                                                                Payment of certain legal costs that are not reflective of
                    (prior comparative period (pcp): AET Services (AETS)) and
                                                                                                conventional recurring operations.
                    planned acquisition of the ANZ OnePath Pensions and
                    Investments (ANZ P&I) business, which were not reflective                   Impairment of goodwill and related investment: A non-
                    of conventional recurring operations.                                       cash impairment of $9.5m has been recognised in relation to
                                                                                                goodwill allocated to Perennial Investment Partners Limited
                    Acquisition costs – Integration preparation: Staff and
                                                                                                (pcp: $28.4m). Additionally, an impairment of $4.4m has
                    specialist contractor costs related to integration preparation
                                                                                                been recognised in relation to the Group’s equity accounted
                    for the planned acquisition of the ANZ ADGs and planned
                                                                                                investment in Perennial Value Management Limited. Reduced
                    acquisition of the ANZ P&I business.
                                                                                                profitability from lower revenue led to its expected fair value
          32                                                                                    less costs to sell declining to below the carrying value of the
                                                                                                                                   IOOF | annual report 2019




                    aggregate goodwill and investment balances. Revenue decline         Through relationships associated with Financial advice,
                    has arisen due to institutional outflows. These outflows reflect    or employer sponsored superannuation plans, IOOF attracts
                    below benchmark performance in certain core products and            investable funds from clients (or intermediaries) from which




For personal use only
                    changing market dynamics, where larger institutions now             it then charges fees in exchange for administration or
                    weight a greater proportion of funds to indexed products.           management services. The pool of investable funds emanates
                                                                                        predominantly from superannuation which has been
                    Unwind of deferred tax liability recorded on intangible
                                                                                        supported by Australia’s mandatory contributions regime
                    assets: Acquired intangible asset valuations for AASB 3
                                                                                        since the early 1990s. Competition for service offerings to
                    Business Combinations accounting are higher than the
                                                                                        superannuants and investors (fund members) in the Australian
                    required cost base as set under tax consolidation rules
                                                                                        market place is currently drawn from five main fund types with
                    implemented during 2012. A deferred tax liability (DTL) is
                                                                                        the following differentiating features:
                    required to be recognised as there is an embedded capital
                    gain should the assets be divested at their accounting values.      Retail – privately operated trusts and other schemes. The
                    This DTL reduces in future years at 30% of the amortisation         majority of funds are channelled to administration services and
                    applicable to those assets which have different accounting          investment management products through financial advisers.
                    values and tax cost bases. The recognition of DTL and               However, technological development is enabling an increasing
                    subsequent reductions are not reflective of conventional            range of offerings direct to fund members.
                    recurring operations and are regarded as highly unlikely to
                                                                                        Industry Funds – superannuation entities which historically
                    be realised due to the IOOF Group’s intention to hold these
                                                                                        have provided for employees working in the same union,
                    assets long term.
                                                                                        industry or group of related industries. Many industry funds
                    IOOF ADG remediation costs: Remediation costs identified            now offer membership to members of the public. Industry
                    as significant due to being large and one-off in nature,            funds generally administer these funds, but may outsource
                    largely longstanding historic structural issues identified in       the management of investments.
                    the current year.
                                                                                        Self-Managed – the fund member acts as Trustee for his or
                    Other: Deferred consideration devaluation relating to prior         her pool of funds, which may include funds from a limited
                    periods’ divestment of Perennial and other businesses.              number of other family members and associates. These funds
                                                                                        are predominantly utilised where the Trustee perceives they
                    Income tax attributable: This represents the income tax
                                                                                        have the requisite time and expertise to manage their own
                    applicable to certain adjustment items outlined above.
                                                                                        investment strategy and a sufficient scale of funds to make the
                    Review of Strategy                                                  fixed administration costs economically justifiable.

                    The IOOF Group has developed an advice-led strategy                 Corporate – funds established for the benefit of employees
                    as a means of creating and delivering differentiated and            of a particular entity or a group of related entities, with joint
                    competitive services to meet the need of its clients and            member and employer control.
                    the community at large. This is delivered through a range           Public Sector – funds which provide benefits largely
                    of different, complementary offerings, operated through             for government employees or employees of statutory
                    a series of licensed and regulated entities. These include,         authorities, or are schemes established by a Commonwealth,
                    financial advice through Australian Financial Services licenses,    State or Territory law.
                    superannuation services, through Registrable Superannuation
                                                                                        Self Managed Funds are regulated by the Australian Taxation
                    Entity and investment services through Responsible Entity and
                                                                                        Office (ATO) whereas all others above are regulated by the
                    trustee related entities.
                                                                                        Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA).
                    IOOF’s strategy is centred around the value of financial advice
                                                                                        The IOOF Group administers and manages Retail funds.
                    in helping empower Australians by improving their financial
                                                                                        Australian Superannuation assets totalled $2.8 trillion as at
                    decision making. IOOF believes this has direct benefits in terms
                                                                                        31 March 2019. Over the 12 months to March 2019 there was
                    of people’s financial wellbeing and indirect benefits in terms
                                                                                        a 6.7% increase in total superannuation assets and retail
                    of minimising other forms of mental and physical distress.
                                                                                        providers had a market share of approximately 22%. The IOOF
                    IOOF is one of Australia’s largest providers of financial advice,   Group’s market share of that sub-set was just under 5% when
                    through its 12 licenses, which account for 1,495 advisers           measured by platform management and administration
                    nationally. In exchange for these licensing services,               (platform) segment Funds Under Administration (FUAdmin).
                    IOOF generates revenue from self employed advisers for              There is a high degree of competition between the five
                    the provision of licensing, governance and broader business         fund types and fragmentation and competition among the
                    support. IOOF also operated financial advice businesses             participants within each fund type.
                    through salaried financial advisers.
                                                                                                                                                               33
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Directors’ report (cont’d)                                               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                    As published in APRA’s March 2019 Quarterly Superannuation           • establishing skilled teams and robust analytical processes
                    Performance Statistics, the following were the asset allocation         to enhance the prospect of achieving above benchmark
                    metrics for funds with greater than four members: 50.5% of              performance in investment management; and




For personal use only
                    investments were invested in equities; with 22.1% in Australian      • continuous improvement in process efficiency to minimise
                    listed equities, 24.4% in international listed equities and 4.0%        operating costs.
                    in unlisted equities; Fixed income and cash investments
                    accounted for 31.4% of investments; 21.2% in fixed income            Governance uplift
                    and 10.1% in cash; Property and infrastructure accounted for
                                                                                         On 7 December 2018 APRA gave notice of additional licence
                    14.2% of investments and 3.9% were invested in other assets,
                                                                                         conditions on IOOF’s APRA regulated entities. These conditions
                    including hedge funds and commodities.
                                                                                         require, inter-alia:
                    IOOF’s strategy has been designed to deliver growth,                 • separation of responsible entity and registrable
                    through servicing and meeting a range of needs of investors,            superannuation entity duties to separate independent
                    supported by the expected continued growth in the Australian            corporate entities;
                    savings pool. The attraction of the sector is further enhanced
                                                                                         • the implementation and effective operation of an
                    by high regulatory and technological barriers to entry from
                                                                                            independent member outcomes driven function
                    new competitors. As an incumbent participant, we seek to
                                                                                            (the Office of the Superannuation Trustee or OST); and
                    grow our Funds Under Management, Administration, Advice
                    and Supervision (FUMAS) faster than our competitors. In doing        • monitoring and reporting on progress via an
                    so, the portion of our revenue net of direct costs (gross margin)       independent expert.
                    which is levied on asset balances may reasonably be expected         On 20 August 2019, IOOF announced that it had met all
                    to rise proportionately with FUMAS. This proportionate rise          its 30 June 2019 requirements to the satisfaction of the
                    may be affected by the impact of differentiated product              independent expert and was on track to meet all remaining
                    pricing and competitive pressure on management fee rates.            requirements by the relevant deadlines.
                    In conjunction, we seek to leverage a cost base which is largely
                                                                                         In addition to the licence conditions discussed above,
                    fixed relative to the scale of our FUMAS.
                                                                                         APRA commenced Federal Court proceedings against
                    The IOOF Group’s future FUMAS growth will be underpinned             two IOOF entities, two directors and three employees on
                    by asset revaluation, flows of funds from new and existing           7 December 2018. The proceedings seek declarations that the
                    clients and acquisition initiatives. Funds flow will be              corporate entities breached trustee duties and contravened
                    advanced through:                                                    the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993 (Cth) and
                    • ensuring that our culture, governance and people                   disqualification orders against the five individuals from acting
                        initiatives underpin and promote an organisational               as trustees or a responsible officer of a trustee. At that time,
                        capability that builds and protects a highly regarded and        IOOF announced that the allegations were misconceived and
                        trusted reputation;                                              that it would vigorously defend the entities and individuals
                    • responding to market dynamics, including client                    concerned. The matter was heard before the Honourable
                        and adviser feedback, to ensure products and                     Justice Jayne Jagot from 1 to 17 July 2019. As the matter
                        services are priced appropriately for the service and            has been adjourned pending judgment by her honour,
                        functionality offered;                                           IOOF will not comment further.

                    • enhancing the adviser and fund client experience through           The Final Report of the Royal Commission into Misconduct
                        continued technology development and experienced                 in the Banking, Superannuation and Financial Services
                        knowledgeable support staff;                                     Industry was presented to the Governor-General on
                    • operating an open architecture environment which allows            Friday 1 February 2019. On Monday 4 February 2019 the
                        our advisers and clients to utilise the administration service   Hon Josh Frydenberg released the Government’s Response
                        which best meets their objectives irrespective of whether        to the Royal Commission. The report itself runs to 496 pages,
                        it is an IOOF Group proprietary service or a competitor’s        not including case studies and appendices. Findings and
                        service. All options, however, generate a favourable             matters specific to IOOF were before the Federal Court,
                        economic return for the IOOF Group;                              as noted above, hence the report was limited to republishing
                                                                                         APRA’s original allegations. Some of these allegations were
                    • enhanced training initiatives and leading minimum
                                                                                         amended in subsequent amendments to the Statement of
                        qualification standards to give our staff and advisers every
                                                                                         Claim by APRA filed in the Federal Court.
                        opportunity to optimise the experience of our clients;



          34
                                                                                                                                IOOF | annual report 2019




                    The Federal Government has committed to adopting all                On 2 October 2018, IOOF and Australia and New Zealand
                    recommendations of the Royal Commission. IOOF is highly             Banking Group Limited (ANZ) finalised legally binding
                    supportive of these changes. The most financially significant       arrangements to give effect to the following:




For personal use only
                    is the cessation of grandfathering conflicted remuneration to
                                                                                        • Full legal ownership of the ANZ ADGs transferred to IOOF
                    financial advisers effective from 1 January 2021. Remuneration
                                                                                           effective 1 October 2018.
                    under these arrangements represented $7.2m revenue to IOOF
                    in the year to 30 June 2019.                                        • Substantial ’economic’ completion of the ANZ P&I business
                                                                                           effective 2 October 2018 through:
                    Lastly, the Royal Commission outcome in respect of
                                                                                           –– an initial payment by IOOF of $800m to ANZ to
                    vertical integration, IOOF’s business model, was favourable.
                                                                                              subscribe for a debt note;
                    The Commissioner concluded he was not persuaded
                    that it was necessary to mandate structural separation                 –– payment by ANZ to IOOF of a coupon rate of 14.4%,
                    between product and advice. The final report at p196 stated,              which is broadly equivalent to 82% of the economic
                    ”Enforced separation of product and advice would be a very                interests in the ANZ P&I business, from 2 October 2018
                    large step to take. It would be both costly and disruptive.               until 11 May 2019. From this date, the rate reduced to
                    I cannot say that the benefits of requiring separation would              2.0% until the debt note is redeemed (expected to be at
                    outweigh the costs”, and the Productivity Commission                      completion of the acquisition of the ANZ P&I business).
                    concluded that ’forced structural separation is not likely          Final completion of the P&I Acquisition remains conditional
                    to prove an effective regulatory response to competition            on the receipt of notices from OnePath Custodians (OPC)
                    concerns in the financial system’.                                  and ANZ that each have no objection to the P&I Acquisition
                    Subsequent to these events, the Treasurer announced an              proceeding. IOOF continues to work co-operatively with OPC
                    ”implementation road map” for the 54 recommendations from           and ANZ to provide the information and resources necessary
                    the Royal Commission which called for Government action.            to facilitate those notices being given. From 5 July 2019,
                    The implementation road map will see 50 recommendations             recent amendments to the Superannuation Industry
                    implemented or before Parliament by mid-2020, with the              (Supervision) Act 1993 (Cth) came into force, giving APRA an
                    remaining four recommendations needing legislation                  approval power in respect of the acquisition of controlling
                    introduced to Parliament by the end of 2020. IOOF will              stakes in Registrable Superannuation Entity licensees (such as
                    assess the impact of this legislation when it is released           OPC). As such, receipt of such an approval from APRA is now
                    for public scrutiny and inform stakeholders of that                 also a condition to completion of the P&I Acquisition. IOOF is
                    assessment as required.                                             well advanced in preparation and submission of material to
                                                                                        APRA for due consideration of the matter.
                    Acquisitions and divestments                                        Assuming stable economic conditions more generally, the
                    The IOOF Group has a long-term strategy of pursuing                 accelerated completion date for the ADGs and the substantial
                    growth through acquisitions and has completed several               ’economic’ completion is expected to deliver Earnings Per
                    acquisitions in previous years. The IOOF Group will continue        Share accretion as per the forecasts previously disclosed in
                    to pursue acquisitions within the Wealth Management                 the initial announcement of the transaction. The accelerated
                    sector on an opportunistic basis. However acquisitions will         completion date for the ADGs and the substantial ’economic’
                    only be considered where they present a logical strategic fit       completion of the ANZ P&I business have contributed an
                    with existing operations and are priced reasonably for the          additional $26.6m UNPAT net of related financing costs.
                    expected value accretion to shareholders. The funding of            On 1 November 2018, IOOF completed the divestment of the
                    acquisitions will be considered on a case by case basis taking      AET Corporate Trust business to Sargon Capital Pty Ltd (Sargon)
                    into account the relative cost of available funding sources and     for a total purchase consideration of $51.6m. AET Corporate
                    the impact on balance sheet structure overall.                      Trust’s post-tax contribution to IOOF’s underlying net profit
                    On 2 July 2018, IOOF completed the acquisition of 100% of the       after tax for the year to 30 June 2018 was $1.1m.
                    shares of Ability One (WA/SA) Pty Ltd, a specialist financial and
                    life planning advisory business, based in Western Australia and
                    South Australia.




                                                                                                                                                            35
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Directors’ report (cont’d)                                                 Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                    $41.3m, or 80% of the purchase price, was received upon                The higher level of average funds boosted gross margin
                    completion, however the full consideration amount was used             by $18.4m, but was partly offset by the more rapid growth
                    to determine an overall pre-tax gain on sale of discontinued           in products with lower earning rates or margins (impact of




For personal use only
                    operation of $49.0m. $10.3m in deferred consideration has              -$28.1m on prior year). Within platform, the lower rates for
                    since been deemed as unlikely to be received, and therefore            the current year principally reflected the continuing trend for
                    written back in the current financial year. The write back arises      a higher proportion of funds to be directed towards more
                    from an inability to novate certain residual contract revenue          contemporary platforms with lower fees, but commensurately
                    to the business entities being acquired by Sargon. The results         lower attributable overheads. In addition, contributions from
                    of the AET Corporate Trust business have been disclosed as             relatively high balance clients in compensation trust and
                    discontinued operations in the financial statements.                   Shadforth relationships generally attract much lower fees per
                                                                                           dollar of FUA. Investment management margins were relatively
                    IOOF has retained its AET Private Trust business; a core
                                                                                           stable which is reflective of the steady state maturity and
                    part of IOOF’s diversified business model which focuses
                                                                                           complementary nature of that segment. In financial advice,
                    on private client trustee services, estate planning and
                                                                                           price competition from BT and the need to re-set fees in
                    compensation trusts.
                                                                                           response, was dilutive on segment margin overall.
                    On 27 June 2019, IOOF announced the divestment of its 70%
                    holding in Ord Minnett Holdings Pty Ltd (Ord Minnett) to a             Other revenue increased by $5.8m
                    consortium of private investors led by current Ord Minnett
                                                                                           There was no significant uplift absent the ANZ
                    management (Consortium). Concurrently, the Consortium will
                                                                                           ADG contribution.
                    also acquire JP Morgan’s 30% stake in Ord Minnett, enabling it
                    to take full ownership. Completion of the sale is expected to          Operating expenditure increased by $44.1m
                    occur on or around 24 September 2019. The sale consideration
                    for IOOF’s 70% stake is $115.0m, which is expected to result in        ANZ ADGs contributed an additional $41.7m in operating
                    a post-tax profit of approximately $83m.                               expenditure. Outside the ANZ ADG impact, operating
                                                                                           expenditure increased $2.4m or 1% on prior year.
                    Analysis of financial results – IOOF Group                             Labour costs are the IOOF group’s most material at 68% of
                                                                                           operating expenditure overall. These costs, ex-ANZ ADG,
                    On a continuing operations basis, the IOOF Group’s UNPAT
                                                                                           have declined by $0.6m chiefly due to lower numbers of staff
                    of $184.9m represented a $9.2m (5.2%) increase on prior year.
                                                                                           employed on underlying recurring activity given significant
                    Inclusive of discontinued operations – Ord Minnett and AET
                                                                                           diversion of effort to preparing for the integration of ANZ
                    Corporate Trust – UNPAT increased $6.6m (3%) to $198.0m.
                                                                                           and on one-off APRA licence condition related activity.
                    The variances below compare only the continuing operations
                                                                                           Administration costs increased $2.5m principally due to
                    of the IOOF Group.
                                                                                           increased non-recoverable debts and professional indemnity
                                                                                           insurance premiums. Computer related expenditure increased
                    Gross margin increased by $2.7m
                                                                                           $1.9m due largely to an increased number of efficiency
                    Excluding the $12.5m gross margin contribution from the                enhancing collaboration applications being deployed.
                    ex-ANZ ADGs, gross margin declined by $9.8m. The following             Occupancy related expenses decreased $1.5m in the wake of
                    analysis discusses gross margin ex-ANZ ADGs.                           significant prior year reconfiguration of the property footprint
                    During the current year, average Funds Under Management,               which resulted in certain one-off service fees and short term
                    Administration and Advice (FUMA) were $115.4b, an increase of 3.6%     duplication in that period.
                    on prior year. This increase was derived largely from equity market
                    performance in the current year augmented by organic growth in
                                                                                           Net interest income increased by $57.7m
                    advice and platform funds. Platform flows of $1.4b were broadly        For the first four months of the year, financing costs were
                    equivalent to $1.6b in the prior year. This segment benefited from     eliminated by applying approximately $557m of newly issued
                    enhanced capture of funds from other IOOF Group segments,              capital and surplus cash to extinguish $207m in borrowings.
                    principally trustee and Shadforth, and better penetration of the       The residual was initially applied to certificates of deposit.
                    IOOF Group’s existing client base. Financial advice flows of $0.5b     On 2 October 2018, the Group entered into the substantial
                    were down significantly on prior year. IOOF has a significant third    economic completion arrangements described in acquisitions
                    party administration arrangement with BT. BT reduced its fees          and divestments above. This resulted in significant interest
                    on an equivalent offering which left IOOF out of market on price,      income partly offset by financing costs on borrowings
                    and therefore exposed to outflow to BT, temporarily. There was also    drawn to ensure $800m in funds were available to ANZ.
                    an outsize low-margin inflow from a single client in the prior year.
                    Investment management outflows of $0.6b were largely derived
                    from pension payment based redemptions.
          36
                                                                                                                                      IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Other impacts decreased UNPAT by $5.1m                                   Income tax expense increased by $7.9m
                    Share of associates’ profits declined $1.5m relative to prior            Income tax expense relative to prior year principally reflected
                    year as a result of mandate outflows within the Perennial                the IOOF Group’s improved profitability and decreased




For personal use only
                    Value Management Group (PVM). Share-based payments                       research and development (R&D) tax offsets. This was partly
                    expense was $2.0m higher due to a new opt-in plan allowing               offset by a $5m higher spend on treasury shares to fulfil
                    employees to receive performance rights in lieu of cash                  employee share plans ($3.5m positive tax impact), most
                    for short-term incentives. Depreciation and amortisation                 particularly a new opt-in plan allowing employees to receive
                    increased in line with additional, largely ANZ integration               performance rights in lieu of cash for short-term incentives.
                    and new office fit-out related, capital expenditure.

                    Analysis of financial results – Segments (excl Ex-ANZ wealth management and
                    discontinued operations)
                        Financial advice and distribution                                              2019           2018              Movement
                                                                                                      $’000           $’000           $’000                %
                        Net operating revenue                                                       191,898         199,607           (7,709)          (3.9%)
                        Other revenue (incl share of profits of associates)                           4,007           3,847             160             4.2%
                        Operating expenditure                                                       (108,185)       (109,175)           990             0.9%
                        Net financing                                                                   128             108              20            18.5%
                        Net non-cash items                                                            (4,363)         (3,570)           (793)         (22.2%)
                        Income tax expense and non-controlling interest                             (25,343)         (27,311)          1,968            7.2%
                        Underlying Profit after Tax                                                  58,149          63,499           (5,350)          (8.4%)

                    • Average funds’ growth through the addition of advisers has been more than offset by the impact of repricing downwards on third
                          party administered advice funds. The repricing was a necessary response to halt fund outflows to an equivalent service with the
                          same administrator.
                    • Operating expenditure has decreased slightly in line with labour expenditure constraint.
                    • Net non-cash items increased in line with group share based payment and depreciation impacts noted above.
                        Portfolio and estate administration                                            2019           2018              Movement
                                                                                                      $’000           $’000           $’000                %
                        Net operating revenue                                                       233,991         237,177           (3,186)           (1.3%)
                        Other revenue (incl share of profits of associates)                               –              75              (75)        (100.0%)
                        Operating expenditure                                                       (108,932)      (104,935)          (3,997)          (3.8%)
                        Net financing                                                                     5               3                2           66.7%
                        Net non-cash items                                                            (7,702)         (5,079)         (2,623)         (51.6%)
                        Income tax expense and non-controlling interest                             (35,885)        (38,450)          2,565             6.7%
                        Underlying Profit after Tax                                                  81,479          88,791           (7,312)          (8.2%)

                    • Net operating revenue decreased as a result of net funds diminution in high priced legacy and transition platforms, partly offset by
                          high growth in platforms priced at contemporary competitive fee scales.
                    • Increased operating expenditure resulted primarily from technology support enhancements and higher corporate recharges given
                          efficiencies realised in other segments.
                    • Net non-cash items increased in line with group share based payment and depreciation impacts noted above.




                                                                                                                                                                  37
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Directors’ report (cont’d)                                             Operating and financial review (cont’d)


                        Investment management                                                   2019             2018             Movement
                                                                                               $’000            $’000            $’000                  %
                        Net operating revenue                                                  63,144           61,881           1,263            2.0%




For personal use only
                        Other revenue (incl share of profits of associates)                       956            1,811            (855)          (47.2%)
                        Operating expenditure                                                 (10,698)         (11,376)            678            6.0%
                        Net financing                                                               –                –               –              n/a
                        Net non-cash items                                                      (1,799)           (621)          (1,178)        (189.7%)
                        Income tax expense and non-controlling interest                        (15,538)        (14,993)           (545)           (3.6%)
                        Underlying Profit after Tax                                           36,065           36,702             (637)           (1.7%)

                    • Net operating revenue improved in line with market based growth in average funds flowing largely from improved platform
                          FUAdmin. Other revenue was affected by PVM performance.
                    • Decreased operating expenditure resulted from lower IT investment given deployment to platform segment.
                    • Net non-cash items increased in line with group share based payment and depreciation impacts noted above.

                    Financial Position                                                 policies and procedures which are subject to continuous
                                                                                       monitoring and oversight.
                    The IOOF Group held cash and cash equivalents of $97.4m at
                    30 June 2019 (30 June 2018: $125.6m). Cash is held to satisfy      (ii) Competition
                    regulatory net asset requirements and also to ensure adequate
                                                                                       There is substantial competition for the provision of financial
                    liquidity given management fee receipts are less frequent than
                                                                                       services in the markets in which the IOOF Group operates.
                    payroll and service fee cash outflows. This includes $5.8m cash
                                                                                       A variety of market participants in specialised investment
                    held by the Group’s statutory benefit funds at 30 June 2019
                                                                                       fund management, wealth advice and corporate trustee
                    (30 June 2018: $4.2m) which is not available to shareholders.
                                                                                       services compete vigorously for customer investments and the
                    The overall debt to equity ratio stood at 21% at 30 June 2019      provision of wealth management services. These competitive
                    (30 June 2018: 0%) following the issue of a debt note to ANZ,      market conditions may adversely impact earnings and assets.
                    partly debt funded, as described in detail above.                  The IOOF Group manages this risk by continuously investing
                    Cash flow forecasting and monitoring of lending covenants          in product design, stakeholder relationships and continuous
                    is conducted monthly. This is principally to ensure sufficient     improvement initiatives.
                    liquidity for future needs and to monitor adherence to
                                                                                       (iii) Information technology
                    licence conditions.
                                                                                       The IOOF Group relies heavily on information technology.
                    Risks                                                              Therefore, any significant or sustained failure in the IOOF
                                                                                       Group’s core technology systems could have a materially
                    The IOOF Group manages a number of risks in conducting
                                                                                       adverse effect on operations in the short term, which in turn
                    its operations and implementing its strategy. An in depth
                                                                                       could undermine longer term confidence and impact the
                    discussion of risks and sensitivities is outlined in Section 1
                                                                                       future profitability and financial position of the IOOF Group.
                    of the financial statements. Material risks faced by the IOOF
                                                                                       The IOOF Group has implemented a next-generation firewall,
                    Group include, but may not be limited to, the following:
                                                                                       pursues continuous improvements to protect user devices
                    (i) Changes in investment markets                                  and imposes segregation of duties between technology
                                                                                       environments. More broadly, the IOOF Group uses policies and
                    The IOOF Group derives a significant proportion of its earnings
                                                                                       procedures which are subject to continuous monitoring and
                    from fees and charges based on the level of FUMAS. The level
                                                                                       oversight, maintains a significant complement of experienced
                    of FUMAS will reflect (in addition to other factors such as
                                                                                       staff and employs specialist advisers. Information technology
                    the funds flowing into and out of FUMAS) the investment
                                                                                       controls are highly complementary to those employed to
                    performance of those funds. Therefore, changes in domestic
                                                                                       minimise cyber security risks.
                    and/or global investment market conditions could lead
                    to a decline in FUMAS, adversely impacting the amount              (iv) Cyber security
                    the IOOF Group earn in fees and charges. Deterioration in
                                                                                       There is a risk of significant failure in the IOOF Group’s
                    investment market conditions could also lead to reduced
                                                                                       operations and/or material financial loss as a result of cyber
                    consumer interest in the IOOF Group’s financial products
                                                                                       attacks. To manage this risk, the IOOF Group has followed
                    and services. The principal response to this risk has been to
                                                                                       the recommendation of ASIC and adopted the United
          38        establish comprehensive investment governance committees,
                                                                                                                                  IOOF | annual report 2019




                    States government’s National Institute of Standards and              (viii) Conduct risk
                    Technology cybersecurity framework. In doing so, the IOOF
                                                                                         Conduct risk is the risk of failure of the IOOF Group’s
                    Group has implemented measures and controls that cover
                                                                                         frameworks, product design or practices to prevent




For personal use only
                    identification, detection, monitoring and response in relation
                                                                                         inappropriate, unethical or unlawful conduct (either by
                    to cyber threats. More broadly, the IOOF Group has developed
                                                                                         negligence or deliberate actions) on the part of the
                    and tested its disaster recovery capability and procedures,
                                                                                         IOOF Group’s management, employees, contractors or
                    implemented high availability infrastructure and architectures,
                                                                                         representatives. The IOOF Group’s culture of honest and
                    conducted mandatory staff training which is focused on
                                                                                         ethical behaviour is supported by the IOOF Code of Conduct
                    cyber risk and continually monitor systems for signs of poor
                                                                                         and its Compliance Manual for Authorised Representatives,
                    performance, intrusion or interruption. Cyber security controls
                                                                                         which set out the tenets of professional and personal conduct
                    are highly complementary to those employed to minimise
                                                                                         with which directors, employees, contractors, Authorised
                    information technology risks.
                                                                                         Representatives, agents and consultants are required
                    (v) Brands and reputation                                            to comply. These include promoting a healthy and safe
                                                                                         environment, protecting private and confidential information,
                    The IOOF Group’s capacity to attract and retain financial            acting at all times within the law and acting in the best
                    advisers, employees, clients and FUMAS depends to a certain          interests of the IOOF Group, its shareholders, clients and
                    extent upon the brands and reputation of its businesses.             investors. As an additional safeguard, the IOOF Group’s
                    A significant and prolonged decline in key brand value               Whistleblower Policy protects employees from detrimental
                    or IOOF Group reputation could contribute to lower new               action where employees disclose, in good faith and with
                    business sales, reduced inflows of investment funds and assets,      reasonable grounds, any unethical, illegal, fraudulent or
                    damage to client strategies and may impact adversely upon            undesirable conduct.
                    the IOOF Group’s future profitability and financial position.
                    The IOOF Group actively monitors media and other public              (ix) Credit risk
                    domain commentary on its affairs as well as proactively
                                                                                         Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will fail to
                    promoting the value of its services, products and community
                                                                                         meet its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss
                    initiatives and building a customer centric culture.
                                                                                         that arises from receivables, loans and other receivables.
                    (vi) Provision of investment advice                                  The IOOF Group’s counterparties generally do not have an
                                                                                         independent credit rating. The IOOF Group assesses the credit
                    The IOOF Group’s financial advisers and authorised                   quality of the debtor taking into account its financial position,
                    representatives provide advice to clients and may be exposed         past experience with the debtor, and other available credit
                    to litigation if this advice is judged to be incorrect or if the     risk information.
                    authorised representative otherwise becomes liable for client
                    losses. This risk is managed by having high educational,             (x) Cash flow and interest rate risk
                    compliance and training standards for the IOOF Group’s
                                                                                         Interest rate risk is the risk to the IOOF Group’s earnings
                    advisers whilst its potential financial impact is generally
                                                                                         and capital arising from changes in market interest rates.
                    mitigated by taking out appropriate insurance cover.
                                                                                         The financial instruments held that will be impacted by interest
                    (vii) Operational risks                                              rate risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, certificates
                                                                                         of deposit, loans, and borrowings. Short and long-term
                    Operational risk is the risk arising from the daily functioning      investment mixes and loans to related entities are influenced
                    of the IOOF Group’s businesses. The IOOF Group has                   by liquidity policy requirements. Interest rates (both charged
                    specific operational exposures relevant to the industry in           and received) are based on market rates, and are closely
                    which we operate including exposures in connection with              monitored by management. They are primarily at variable
                    product disclosure statements, investment management,                rates of interest, and will expose the IOOF Group to cash flow
                    tax and financial advice, legal and regulatory compliance,           interest rate risk. The IOOF Group intends to apply partial
                    product commitments, process error, fraud, system failure,           hedge cover to manage its interest rate risk exposure arising
                    failure of security and physical protection systems and unit         from its expected future borrowings to fund the ANZ Wealth
                    pricing errors. This risk is minimised via policies and procedures   Management acquisition.
                    which are subject to continuous monitoring and oversight.
                    The IOOF Group maintains a significant complement of
                    experienced staff, builds a positive culture and utilises
                    specialist advisers to carry out such monitoring.


                                                                                                                                                              39
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Directors’ report (cont’d)                                                Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                    (xi) Liquidity risk                                                   (xiv) Unit pricing errors
                    Liquidity risk relates to the IOOF Group having insufficient          Systems failures or errors in unit pricing of investments are
                    liquid assets to cover current liabilities and unforeseen             issues affecting the broader funds management industry that




For personal use only
                    expenses. The IOOF Group manages liquidity risk exposure              may result in significant financial losses and brand damage
                    by maintaining sufficient liquid assets and an ability to             to a number of financial services organisations. A unit pricing
                    access a committed line of credit. The liquidity requirements         error made by the IOOF Group or its service providers could
                    for licensed entities in the IOOF Group are also regularly            cause financial or reputation loss. This risk is minimised via
                    reviewed and carefully monitored in accordance with those             policies, procedures and contractual enforcement which are
                    licence requirements.                                                 subject to continuous monitoring and oversight. The IOOF
                                                                                          Group maintains a significant complement of experienced
                    (xii) Reliance on Australian Financial Services                       staff and utilises specialist service providers to maintain robust
                    Licence, Registrable Superannuation Entity and                        systems and accurate inputs.
                    other licences
                                                                                          (xv) Dependence on key personnel
                    In order to provide the majority of its services in Australia, a
                    number of the IOOF Group’s controlled entities are required           The IOOF Group’s performance is dependent on the talents
                    to hold a number of licences, most notably Australian Financial       and efforts of key personnel. The IOOF Group’s continued
                    Services (AFS) or Registrable Superannuation Entity (RSE)             ability to compete effectively depends on our capacity to
                    licences. If any of those entities fails to comply with the general   retain and motivate existing employees as well as attract new
                    obligations and conditions of its licence, this could result          employees. The loss of key executives or advisers could cause
                    in the suspension or cancellation of the licence. A breach            material disruption to operations in the short to medium term.
                    or loss of licences could have a material adverse effect on           While equity incentives of key personnel align their interests
                    business and financial performance. AFS and RSE licences also         with the IOOF Group’s future performance, they do not provide
                    require the licence holder to maintain certain levels of capital.     a guarantee of their continued employment. The IOOF Group
                    These capital requirements may change from time to time.              utilises succession planning to manage this risk.
                    Earnings dilution may occur where a higher capital base is
                                                                                          (xvi) Dependence on financial advisers
                    required to be held.
                                                                                          The success of the IOOF Group’s advice and platform business
                    (xiii) Insurance                                                      is highly dependent on the quality of the relationships with its
                    The IOOF Group holds insurance policies, including errors             financial advisers and the quality of their relationships with their
                    and omissions (professional indemnity) and directors’ and             clients. The IOOF Group’s ability to retain productive advisers
                    officers’ insurance, which are commensurate with industry             is managed by monitoring and, where necessary, improving
                    standards, and adequate having regard to our business                 service levels, technological capability, suitability of product
                    activities. These policies provide a degree of protection for         offerings and the quality and relevance of professional training.
                    the IOOF Group’s assets, liabilities, officers and employees.
                                                                                          (xvii) Acquisitions
                    However, no assurance can be given that any insurance that
                    the IOOF Group currently maintains will:                              Acquisition transactions involve inherent risks, including:
                    • be available in the future on a commercially                        • accurately assessing the value, strengths, weaknesses,
                        reasonable basis; or                                                 contingent and other liabilities and potential profitability
                    • provide adequate cover against claims made against or by               of acquired businesses;
                        the IOOF Group, noting that there are some risks that are         • integration risks including the risk that integration could
                        uninsurable (e.g. nuclear, chemical or biological incidents)         take longer or cost more than expected or that the
                        or risks where the insurance coverage is reduced (e.g.               anticipated benefits and synergies of the integration may
                        cyclone, earthquake, flood, fire).                                   be less than estimated;

                    The IOOF Group also faces risks associated with the financial         • diversion of management attention from existing business;
                    strength of its insurers to meet indemnity obligations when           • potential loss of key personnel and key clients;
                    called upon which could have an adverse effect on earnings.           • unanticipated changes in the industry or general economic
                    If the IOOF Group incurs uninsured losses or liabilities, its            conditions that affect the assumptions underlying
                    assets, profits and prospects may be adversely affected.                 the acquisition;
                                                                                          • decline in the value of, and unanticipated costs, problems
                                                                                             or liabilities associated with, the acquired business; and
                                                                                          • potential for regulators to deny approval of acquisitions.
          40
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Any of these risks could result in a failure to realise the benefits    and prospects. To the extent that additional equity or debt
                    anticipated to result from any acquisition of new business and          funding is not available from time to time on acceptable terms,
                    could have a material adverse impact on the IOOF Group’s                or at all, the IOOF Group may not be able to take advantage




For personal use only
                    financial position. The IOOF Group maintains a significant              of acquisition and other growth opportunities, develop new
                    complement of experienced staff and holds relationships with            ideas or respond to competitive pressures. If at any time the
                    specialist advisers to assess acquisition opportunities. This is        IOOF Group requires an extension to a facility but is unable
                    designed to ensure the Board is fully informed of the risks and         to obtain it and is unable to repay the relevant facility, this will
                    opportunities associated with any potential individual acquisition.     constitute a default under the other existing facilities and enable
                                                                                            the financiers to demand immediate repayment and cancel
                    (xviii) Dilution                                                        the facilities. Cancellation of the debt financing arrangements
                    The IOOF Group’s need to raise additional capital in the future         would have an adverse impact on the IOOF Group’s financial
                    in order to meet its operating or financing requirements,               position and performance. This risk is minimised via a dedicated
                    including by way of additional borrowings or increases in               Treasury function with established policies and procedures
                    the equity of any of the consolidated entity’s companies,               which are subject to continuous monitoring and oversight.
                    may change over time. Future capital raisings or equity funded
                    acquisitions may dilute the holdings of particular shareholders
                                                                                            Shareholder returns
                    to the extent that such shareholders do not subscribe to                The IOOF Group dividend is calibrated to provide shareholders
                    additional equity, or are otherwise not invited to subscribe in         with a benefit which reflects performance and offers an
                    additional equity. This risk will be managed by examination of          attractive yield when assessed against a range of other external
                    relevant factors and circumstances prevailing at that time.             economic factors and investment options. The Board also
                                                                                            understands that dividend payments should not hinder future
                    (xix) Regulatory and legislative risk and reform                        organisational plans. The Board has therefore determined
                    The financial services sectors in which the IOOF Group                  that a pay-out ratio range of 60% – 90% of UNPAT is generally
                    operates are subject to extensive legislation, regulation and           appropriate, but not binding. The Board has determined that
                    supervision by a number of regulatory bodies in multiple                a dividend of 12.0 cents per share, and an additional special
                    jurisdictions. The regulatory regimes governing the IOOF                dividend of 7.0 cents; totalling 19.0 cents per share and resulting
                    Group’s business activities are complex and subject to change.          in a total payout ratio of 68%, is appropriate. Current year
                    The impact of future regulatory and legislative change upon             profits and additional funding capacity from divestment
                    the IOOF Group cannot be predicted. In addition, if the                 profits support the payout, more than offsetting cash outflow
                    amount and complexity of new regulation increases, so too               on one-off ANZ integration and governance uplift costs.
                    may the cost of compliance and the risk of non-compliance.              Also, advice remediation costs are expected to have a multiple
                    The IOOF Group maintains an appropriately skilled and                   future years cash outflow profile. This will be factored into
                    experienced staff and holds relationships with specialist               payout capacity in in each of those years.
                    advisers to minimise this risk.                                         Total Shareholder Return (TSR) measures the change in share
                                                                                            value over a specified period together with the return by
                    (xx) Sustainability risk
                                                                                            way of dividends received. The IOOF Group’s TSR for the
                    A sustainability risk is an uncertain environmental or social           12 months to 30 June 2019 was -38.3% with a dividend yield
                    event or condition that, if it occurs, can cause a significant          of 5.7% (based on the financial year volume weighted average
                    negative impact on the IOOF Group. The IOOF Group focuses               price) more than offset by share price decline of 42.4%.
                    on the environmental effects of its premises, investment                The market valuation of the IOOF Group remains reflective of
                    manager policies and business processes in order to                     uncertainty over the long term effects of adoption of Royal
                    implement ways to minimise those effects. The IOOF Group                Commission recommendations on wealth management,
                    also maintains a number of policies dedicated to diversity,             the acceleration of margin compression in administration
                    inclusion and engagement to ensure that its interactions with           and the yet to be realised potential for institutions to unlock a
                    clients, staff and other key external parties are conducted in a        profitable business model in non-salaried advice businesses.
                    compliant manner which also meets community expectations.               TSR in the 5 year period from 1 July 2014 was -1.8% on a
                                                                                            compounding annualised basis. The IOOF Group is in a strong
                    (xxi) Financing risk                                                    financial position with borrowings within covenants, a low
                    Financing risk refers to the IOOF Group’s inability to refinance debt   interest rate environment which reduces borrowing costs and
                    facilities or to secure new financing on satisfactory terms which       significant free cash. All TSR figures quoted above include the
                    could adversely affect the IOOF Group’s financial performance           final 2019 dividend but no other dividends that have been
                                                                                            declared to be paid.

                                                                                                                                                                   41
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Directors’ report (cont’d)                                                                      Operating and financial review (cont’d)


                                                                                                       2019              2018                2017         2016             2015
                        Profit attributable to owners of the Company ($’000s)          1
                                                                                                     28,560             88,301            115,990       196,846         138,371
                        Profit for the year for continuing operations ($’000s)                       (42,301)          105,358            119,851       140,542         140,527




For personal use only
                        Basic EPS (cents per share)                                                      8.1              26.4                   38.7      65.7             47.7
                        Diluted EPS (cents per share)                                                    8.1              26.4               38.6          65.4             47.4
                        Basic EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                            (12.0)             31.6                   38.7      46.0             45.8
                        UNPAT ($’000s)                                                              197,989            191,417            169,357       173,367         173,758
                        UNPAT EPS (cents per share)                                                     56.5              57.3                   56.5      57.8             59.9
                        UNPAT EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                             52.8              52.6                   56.5       57.1            58.6
                        Dividends declared ($’000s)                                                 131,653            189,582            159,071       163,573         159,070
                        Dividends per share (cents per share)                                           37.5              54.0                   53.0      54.5             53.0
                        Opening share price                                                           $8.99              $9.80              $7.83         $8.99           $8.40
                        Closing share price at 30 June                                                 $5.17             $8.99              $9.80         $7.83           $8.99
                        Return on equity (non-statutory measure)          2
                                                                                                      10.9%              11.3%              12.1%        12.3%            13.4%

                    1     Profit attributable to owners of the Company has been calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.
                    2     Return on equity is calculated by dividing UNPAT by average equity during the year.


                    Returns to shareholders increase/decrease through both dividends and capital growth/decline. Dividends for 2019 and prior years
                    were fully franked.

                    Dividends                                                                                   Events occurring after balance date
                    In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2019,                                        The Directors have declared the payment of a final dividend
                    the Directors declared the payment of a final dividend                                      of 12.0 cents per ordinary share franked to 100% based on tax
                    of 12.0 cents per share franked to 100% at 30% corporate                                    paid at 30%, to be paid on 27 September 2019.
                    income tax rate to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares
                                                                                                                The Directors have declared the payment of a special 2020
                    to be paid on 27 September 2019. This dividend will be paid
                                                                                                                dividend of 7.0 cents per ordinary share franked to 100% based
                    to all shareholders recorded on the Register of Members on
                                                                                                                on tax paid at 30%, to be paid on 27 September 2019.
                    13 September 2019.
                                                                                                                The Directors are not aware of any other matter or
                    In respect of the financial year ending 30 June 2020, the
                                                                                                                circumstance not otherwise dealt with in this report,
                    Directors declared the payment of a special dividend
                                                                                                                or the accompanying financial statements and notes thereto,
                    of 7.0 cents per share franked to 100% at 30% corporate
                                                                                                                that has arisen since 30 June 2019 that has significantly
                    income tax rate to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares
                                                                                                                affected, or may significantly affect:
                    to be paid on 27 September 2019. This dividend will be paid
                    to all shareholders recorded on the Register of Members on                                  • the IOOF Group’s operations in future financial years; or
                    13 September 2019.                                                                          • the results of those operations in future financial years; or
                    The Directors declared the payment of an interim dividend                                   • the IOOF Group’s state of affairs in future financial years.
                    of 25.5 cents per share franked to 100% at 30% corporate
                    income tax rate to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares
                                                                                                                Lead auditor’s independence
                    paid on 15 March 2019.                                                                      declaration
                    In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2018, a final                                The lead auditor’s independence declaration is included on
                    dividend of 27.0 cents per share franked to 100% at 30%                                     page 64 of the annual financial report and forms part of the
                    corporate income tax rate was paid to the holders of fully                                  Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2019.
                    paid ordinary shares on 4 September 2018.
                                                                                                                Company secretary
                    Environmental regulation                                                                    The Company Secretary is Mr A Paul M Vine LLB FGIA
                    The IOOF Group is not subject to significant                                                FCIS GAICD. Mr Vine was appointed to the position in
                    environmental regulation.                                                                   December 2015, with over 25 years’ experience in legal and
                                                                                                                governance roles in public companies and leading law firms.


          42
                                                                                                                                                                IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Directors’ meetings
                    The number of Directors’ meetings (including meetings of committees of Directors) and number of meetings attended by each of




For personal use only
                    the Directors of the Company during the financial year are:

                        Director                          Directors’ Meetings                                   Director                          Committee Meetings
                                           Status                   Meetings          Meetings                                                 Remuneration Committee
                                                                    attended           held
                                                                                                                                   Status                    Meetings         Meetings
                        G Venardos1        Chair to                     12                12                                                                 attended          held
                                           10 Dec 2018                                                          A Griffiths        Chair to                       5              5
                        A Griffiths        Acting Chair/                25                25                                       11 Feb 2019
                                           Chair from                                                           J Harvey           Chair from                     3              3
                                           10 Dec 2018                                                                             11 Feb 2019
                        C Kelaher2         Managing                     11                12                    G Venardos1        Member                         2              2
                                           Director
                                                                                                                E Flynn            Member                         4              5
                        R Mota3            Managing                      –                 –
                                           Director                                                             J Selak            In attendance                  2              2
                        J Harvey           Director                     25                25
                        E Flynn                                                                                 Director                          Committee Meetings
                                           Director                     25                25
                                                                                                                                          Risk and Compliance Committee4
                        J Selak            Director                     24                25
                                                                                                                                   Status                    Meetings         Meetings
                                                                                                                                                             attended          held
                        Director                         Committee Meetings
                                                                                                                E Flynn             Chair                         5              6
                                                       Nominations Committee
                                                                                                                J Selak             Member                        6              6
                                           Status                   Meetings          Meetings
                                                                    attended           held                     D Oldham           Member to                      1              1
                                                                                                                                   21 Aug 2018
                        G Venardos    1
                                           Chair to                      2                 2
                                           10 Dec 2018                                                          M Walsh            Member                         1              1
                                                                                                                                   20 Sep 2018 only
                        A Griffiths        Chair from                    6                 6
                                           10 Dec 2018                                                          J Harvey            Member from                   2              2
                                                                                                                                   11 Sep 2018
                        J Harvey           Member                        6                 6
                                                                                                                G Venardos1         In attendance                 4              4
                        C Kelaher          Member to                     2                 2
                                           10 Dec 2018                                                          A Griffiths         In attendance                 6              6
                        J Selak            Member from                   4                 4                    M Walsh             In attendance                 3              3
                                           11 Feb 2019                                                          J Harvey            In attendance                 3              3
                        J Selak            In attendance                 2                 2
                        E Flynn            In attendance                 5                 6                  Meetings held represents the number of meetings held during
                                                                                                              the time the Director held office.
                        Director                         Committee Meetings                                   The Directors meetings are those held for IOOF Holdings
                                                       Group Audit Committee                                  Ltd. This does not include the meetings held and attended
                                           Status                   Meetings          Meetings                by Directors for the various subsidiary companies.
                                                                    attended           held                   Major subsidiaries averaged a further 8 meetings each
                        J Harvey           Chair                         7                 7                  during the year.
                        G Venardos1        Member                        5                 5
                                                                                                              In addition to the meetings attended during the year,
                        A Griffiths        Member                        7                 7                  a number of matters were considered and addressed
                        J Selak            Member                        7                 7                  separately via circular resolution.

                                                                                                              Shares issued on exercise of options
                                                                                                              During the financial year, the IOOF Group did not issue any
                                                                                                              ordinary shares of the Company as a result of the exercise of
                                                                                                              options. All plans were satisfied from the purchase of shares.
                    1     Leave of absence commenced 10 December 2018.
                    2     Leave of absence commenced 10 December 2018. Resigned as of 4 April 2019.
                    3     Appointed Managing Director effective 25 June 2019.
                    4     Committee included, for a period, additional members who are not Directors of IOOF Holdings Ltd but are Directors of APRA regulated subsidiaries.

                                                                                                                                                                                            43
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Directors’ report (cont’d)
                    Unexercised options over shares,                                     contract have not been disclosed as such disclosure is
                                                                                         prohibited under the terms of the contract.
                    performance rights and deferred shares
                                                                                         The liabilities insured are legal costs that may be incurred in




For personal use only
                    At the date of this report, performance rights on issue are:
                                                                                         defending civil or criminal proceedings that may be brought
                        Performance rights                                               against the officers in their capacity as officers of entities
                        Vesting date                                         Number
                                                                                         in the IOOF Group and any other payments arising from
                                                                             of rights   liabilities incurred by the officers in connection with such
                        31 Dec 19                                              30,000    proceedings, other than where such liabilities arise out of
                        30 Jun 20                                             170,891    conduct involving a wilful breach of duty by the officers or the
                                                                                         improper use by the officers of their position or of information
                        30 Jun 21                                             458,461
                                                                                         to gain advantage to themselves or someone else or to cause
                                                                              659,352
                                                                                         detriment to the Company.

                        Deferred shares                                                  Rounding off of amounts
                        Vesting date                                          Number
                                                                             of shares   The Company is a company of the kind referred to in ASIC
                        31 Jul 18                                              35,420    Corporations Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016, and
                                                                                         in accordance with that Instrument amounts in the financial
                        31 Jul 19                                              93,746
                                                                                         report are rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars,
                        31 Jul 20                                              93,746
                                                                                         narrative disclosures are expressed in whole dollars or as
                                                                              222,912
                                                                                         otherwise indicated.

                    Upon his resignation on 4 April 2019, 383,285 performance
                    rights granted to Christopher Kelaher lapsed.
                                                                                         Non-audit services
                                                                                         The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit
                    The ’look back’ relating to deferred shares that were due
                                                                                         services during the year of $678,780 by the auditor is
                    to vest on 31 Jul 18 has been postponed. Refer to the
                                                                                         compatible with the general standard of independence for
                    Remuneration Report for further details.
                                                                                         auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. Non-audit
                    Shares allocated on vesting will rank equally with all other         services are managed as follows:
                    ordinary shares on issue.
                                                                                         • fees earned from non-audit work undertaken by KPMG
                    These performance rights do not entitle the holder                      are capped at 1.0 times the total audit fee;
                    to participate in any share issue or receive dividends               • services have been reviewed and approved to ensure
                    of the Company.                                                         that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity
                                                                                            of the auditor; and
                    Indemnification and insurance
                                                                                         • services do not undermine the general principles relating
                    Rule 84 of the IOOF Holdings Ltd Constitution requires the              to auditor independence as set out in the Code of Conduct
                    Company to indemnify to the extent permitted by law, each               APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued
                    Director and Secretary against liability incurred in, or arising        by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board,
                    out of the conduct of the business of the Company or the                including reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work,
                    discharge of the duties of the Director or Secretary. The               acting in a management or decision-making capacity for
                    Directors and Secretary named in this Directors’ Report have            the IOOF Group, acting as advocate for the IOOF Group or
                    the benefit of this requirement, as do individuals who formerly         jointly sharing economic risks and rewards.
                    held one of those positions.

                    In accordance with this requirement the Company has entered
                                                                                         Proceedings on behalf of the
                    into Deeds of Access, Indemnity and Insurance (Deeds of              Company
                    Indemnity) with each Director and Secretary. During the              No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the
                    financial year, the IOOF Group paid insurance premiums to            Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings on behalf
                    insure against amounts that the IOOF Group may be liable             of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which
                    to pay the Directors and Secretary pursuant to Rule 84. The          the Company is a party, for the purpose of taking responsibility
                    insurance policy also insures the Directors and Secretary of         on behalf of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.
                    the Company and its controlled entities, and the general
                    officers of each of the companies in the IOOF Group. Details         No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf
                    of the amount of the premium paid in respect of the insurance        of the Company with leave of the Court under section 237 of
                                                                                         the Corporations Act 2001.
          44
                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report
                    Letter from the Remuneration                                         The share price underperformance is also reflected in
                                                                                         the long term incentives which were tested during the
                    Committee Chair                                                      year, with the outcome of the Total Shareholder Return




For personal use only
                    Dear Shareholder                                                     (TSR) hurdles being well below target performance levels.
                                                                                         Accordingly, the executive performance rights subject to a
                    I am pleased to present our Remuneration Report for 2019.
                                                                                         TSR performance hurdle did not vest.
                    The IOOF Group’s aim is to continue to ensure that our
                    remuneration framework and outcomes drive the right                  Looking ahead to 2020
                    behaviours whilst motivating, rewarding and retaining our
                                                                                         Following a review of the current remuneration framework
                    key people across the business.
                                                                                         by the Group Remuneration Committee, with independent
                    Our remuneration philosophy remained consistent with                 input provided by KPMG 3dc (executive remuneration and
                    the approach described in last year’s Remuneration Report,           performance advisory), there will be significant changes to
                    which provides consistency, transparency and comparability           remuneration framework, policies and practices in future
                    in the presentation of remuneration outcomes for the year            years. 2020 will be a transitional year in which we will finalise
                    to 30 June 2019.                                                     our longer term remuneration framework, reflecting both
                                                                                         regulatory and market expectations from 2021.
                    2019 was a year of significant change at the KMP level for IOOF.
                                                                                         The Group Remuneration Committee is currently considering
                    On 4 April 2019, the Company announced that Christopher
                                                                                         removing short term incentives for all KMP. Long term
                    Kelaher, Managing Director would leave by mutual agreement.
                                                                                         incentives are also expected to change to a minimum four
                    A termination payment was made during the year, in accordance
                                                                                         year vesting period with a range of financial and non-financial
                    with the terms of his employment contract. All of Christopher’s
                                                                                         performance measures to be included in vesting conditions
                    unvested long-term incentive performance rights lapsed as a
                                                                                         when awarding these. However, we intend to increase
                    result of his cessation of employment. His short-term incentive
                                                                                         the focus on non-financial performance metrics. This is to
                    deferred shares remain subject to ’look-back’.
                                                                                         encourage long-term decision making in the interest of the
                    On 25 June 2019, the Company announced the appointment               Group’s clients, shareholders and other stakeholders.
                    of Renato Mota as the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, and that
                                                                                         We will continue to review our remuneration framework to
                    Renato also joined the Board as Managing Director. Renato was
                                                                                         ensure that it supports our direction, culture, behaviours and
                    Acting Chief Executive Officer from December 2018, and prior
                                                                                         expectations of our various internal and external stakeholders.
                    to that was the Group’s General Manager Wealth Management.
                    His remuneration arrangements are described in detail in             Yours sincerely
                    this report. A key feature of the remuneration arrangements
                    of his CEO role is the removal of a discretionary short-term
                    incentive component.

                    On 10 December 2018, George Venardos took a leave
                    of absence from the IOOF Board. As he stepped aside as               Jane Harvey
                    Chairman, Allan Griffiths was appointed Acting Chairman              Remuneration Committee Chair
                    on this date and was appointed Chairman on 4 April 2019.             26 August 2019
                    In addition, on 10 December 2018, Frank Lombardo, Group
                    General Manager, Client & Process was appointed KMP.

                    Outcomes for the year ended 30 June 2019
                    As described in our Directors’ Report, 2019 was a year of solid
                    financial performance from an UNPAT perspective for the
                    Group. However, our shareholders were adversely affected
                    by share price underperformance experienced at IOOF and
                    across the financial services sector during the year. As a result,
                    there have been no discretionary short term incentives
                    awarded to any KMP or certain other senior management
                    personnel for the 2019 year.




                                                                                                                                                                45
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    Contents
                    1. 	Year to 30 June 2019 remuneration key features    47   10. Company performance and remuneration impacts 58




For personal use only
                        Changes in Key Management Personnel (KMP)          47      5 year Group performance                      58
                    	Key Features of the year to 30 June 2019                     Impact of Group performance on STIs           59
                      KMP remuneration                                     47      Impact of Group performance on LTIs           59
                    	Changes to remuneration framework                    47
                                                                                11. 	Key Management Personnel remuneration –
                        Summary of KMP remuneration received in 2019       48        Additional statutory disclosure            60
                    2. Key Management Personnel covered by this report 49          Additional statutory disclosure               60
                    3. New CEO remuneration                                50   12. Other information                           61
                        CEO remuneration arrangements                      50      Equity holdings                               61
                    4. 	Year to 30 June 2019 Key Management Personnel             Contract terms                                62
                         remuneration summary                              50      Payments to persons before taking office      62
                    	Year to 30 June 2019 remuneration framework
                      performance periods                                  51

                    5. 	Year to 30 June 2019 Key Management Personnel
                         variable remuneration targets and outcomes        52
                        STIs		                                             52
                        LTIs		                                             52

                    6. Remuneration governance                             54
                        Remuneration Framework                             54
                        The Group Remuneration Committee                   54

                    7. Year to June 2020 remuneration arrangements         55
                        Performance rights – 2020 LTI performance rights   55

                    8. Non Executive Director remuneration                 56
                        NED fees                                           56
                        2019 Statutory Remuneration – NEDs                 56
                        Equity holdings of NEDs                            57
                        Terms of appointment                               57

                    9. 	Former Managing Director remuneration
                         arrangements                                      57
                        LTI performance rights lapsed                      57
                        STI deferred shares subject to ’look back’         57
                        Equity holdings                                    58




          46
                                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




                    1. Year to 30 June 2019 remuneration                              Key features of the year to 30 June 2019
                    key features                                                      KMP remuneration




For personal use only
                    Changes In Key Management Personnel (KMP)                         Short term incentive (STI)
                                                                                      As noted in the Committee Chair’s introduction to the
                        New Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
                                                                                      Remuneration Report on page 45, it was determined that no
                        R Mota        Chief Executive Officer and Managing
                                      Director (CEO) 25 Jun 2019 – present            discretionary STIs were to be awarded to KMP or certain other
                                                                                      senior management personnel for the 2019 financial year due
                    Renato Mota was appointed CEO on 25 June 2019. Key features       to share price underperformance during the year.
                    of Renato’s remuneration package as CEO are $1.2 million total
                                                                                      Full details of STIs are included in section 4 of this report.
                    fixed remuneration (TFR), no short-term incentive component
                    and a maximum long-term incentive from the 2020 financial         Long term incentive (LTI)
                    year of 100% of TFR to vest after four years.
                                                                                      The 2017 LTI performance rights hurdles were tested during
                    Full details of R Mota’s remuneration arrangements                the year. 50% did not vest and lapsed for all KMP due to the
                    are included in section 3 of this report.                         TSR hurdle relative to the ASX 200 not being met. 50% vested
                                                                                      based on the three year tenure hurdle being met for all KMP.
                        Former Managing Director
                        C Kelaher     Employment ceased 2 Jul 2019                    Full details of LTIs vested during the year are included in
                                                                                      section 4 of this report.
                    As Christopher Kelaher ceased employment effective
                    2 July 2019, his remuneration arrangements are included in this   Non-Executive Director (NED) remuneration
                    report for the full year.                                         For the second year in a row, the Board has determined that
                    Christopher received a termination payment of $1,273,379 in       no increases in NED fees would be applied for the 2020 year.
                    lieu of his contractual notice period, along with accrued leave   Full details of NED remuneration arrangements are
                    entitlements. He was not awarded any STI or LTI for the 2019      included in section 8 of this report.
                    financial year.

                    All of his unvested LTI performance rights lapsed as a result     Changes to remuneration framework
                    of his cessation of employment. His deferred STIs granted         Following a review of the current remuneration framework
                    in the 2017 and 2018 financial years remain subject to            by the Group Remuneration Committee, with independent
                    ’look-back’ provisions.                                           input provided by KPMG 3dc (executive remuneration and
                    Full details of C Kelaher’s remuneration arrangements             performance advisory), there will be significant changes to
                    are included in section 9 of this report.                         remuneration framework, policies and practices in future
                                                                                      years. 2020 will be a transitional year in which we will finalise
                    Additions to KMP during 2019                                      our longer term remuneration framework, reflecting both
                                                                                      regulatory and market expectations from 2021.
                    There has been 1 addition to KMP during the year:
                                                                                      The Group Remuneration Committee is currently considering
                        F Lombardo    Group General Manager Client & Process          removing short term incentives for all KMP. Long term
                                      Appointed as KMP 10 Dec 2018
                                                                                      incentives are also expected to change to a minimum four
                    Full details of KMP remuneration arrangements are                 year vesting period with a range of financial and non-financial
                    included in section 4 of this report.                             performance measures to be included in vesting conditions
                                                                                      when awarding these. This is to encourage long-term decision
                                                                                      making in the interest of the Group’s clients, shareholders and
                                                                                      other stakeholders.

                                                                                      Further details of remuneration framework changes are
                                                                                      included in section 7 of this report.




                                                                                                                                                             47
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    1. Year to 30 June 2019 remuneration key features (continued)
                    Summary of KMP remuneration received in 2019




For personal use only
                    Taking into account the above changes to KMP and remuneration arrangements, this table shows a summarised year-on-year
                    comparison of the value of remuneration received by KMP.

                                                                   Financial year                       Fixed                   Variable                            Total value of
                                                                                                                                                            remuneration received
                        Name                                                                              TFR                  STI1                LTI2
                        R Mota                                     2019                             788,644                       –            68,475                        857,119
                                                                   2018                              525,363              225,000             222,025                        972,388
                        D Coulter                                  2019                              474,868                      –            68,475                       543,343
                                                                   2018                               467,249             225,000             222,025                        914,274
                        G Riordan                                  2019                              485,958                      –            68,475                       554,433
                                                                   2018                              475,960              142,841             222,025                        840,826
                        D Farmer  3
                                                                   2019                              341,668              142,713                      –                    484,381
                                                                   2018                              335,526              116,025                      –                     451,551
                        KMP appointed during 2019
                        F Lombardo4                                2019                              295,192                      –                    –                     295,192
                        Former KMP
                        C Kelaher                                  2019                           1,330,403                       –                    –                  1,330,403
                                                                   2018                            1,275,480              628,604              977,927                     2,882,011

                    1    Cash STI awarded during the year.
                    2    Tenure-based LTI value calculated using closing share price at date of issue of shares. 08/08/2017 – $10.70. 01/08/2018 – $9.13.
                    3    50% of D Farmer’s STI is determined based on investment performance relative to relevant composite benchmark. 50% is discretionary and as with other KMP,
                         it has been determined that no discretionary STIs are to be awarded.
                    4    Appointed as KMP from 10 December 2018.


                    This table supplements, and is different to, the Statutory Remuneration table which presents the accounting expense for both vested
                    and unvested awards in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards.




          48
                                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




                    2. Key Management Personnel covered by this report
                    The KMP whose remuneration is disclosed in this year’s report are:




For personal use only
                        Name            Role                                                               Term as KMP
                        R Mota          Group General Manager – Wealth Management                          Full year
                                        1 July 2018 – 9 December 2018
                                        Acting Chief Executive Officer
                                        10 Dec 2018 – 24 June 2019
                                        Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (CEO)
                                        25 Jun 2019 – present
                        D Coulter       Chief Financial Officer                                            Full year
                        G Riordan       Group General Counsel                                              Full year
                        D Farmer        Chief Investment Officer                                           Full year
                        F Lombardo      Group General Manager Client & Process                             Appointed as KMP 10 Dec 2018
                        NEDs
                        A Griffiths     Independent Non-Executive Director                                 Full year
                                        1 July 2018 – 9 December 2018
                                        Acting Chairman
                                        10 Dec 2018 – 3 April 2019
                                        Chairman
                                        4 April 2019 – present
                        J Harvey        Independent Non-Executive Director                                 Full year
                        E Flynn         Independent Non-Executive Director                                 Full year
                        J Selak         Independent Non-Executive Director                                 Full year
                        G Venardos      Independent Non-Executive Director & Chairman                      Full year
                                        1 July 2018 – 9 December 2018
                                        Leave of absence 10 December 2018 – present
                                        Resigned as Chairman 4 April 2019

                    Andrew Bloore will be appointed a Non-Executive Director (NED) from 2 September 2019 as disclosed to the ASX on 25 June 2019.
                    Michelle Somerville will be appointed a NED from 1 October 2019 as disclosed to the ASX on 20 August 2019.

                    Former KMP
                        Managing Director
                        C Kelaher       Managing Director                                                  Full year
                                        1 July 2018 – 9 December 2018
                                        Leave of absence
                                        10 December 2018 – 2 July 2019
                                        Resigned as Managing Director
                                        4 April 2019
                                        Employment ceased
                                        2 July 2019

                    The Remuneration Report is prepared, and audited, in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001. It forms part of
                    the Directors’ Report.

                    The Remuneration Report is designed to provide shareholders with an understanding of the Group’s remuneration principles, policies,
                    and programs, and their link with the Group’s strategy and financial performance.




                                                                                                                                                             49
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    3. New CEO remuneration
                    Renato Mota was appointed as the CEO of the Group effective 25 June 2019.




For personal use only
                    CEO remuneration arrangements
                    R Mota is on a contract with no fixed term. His remuneration package includes a fixed remuneration element, with an LTI including
                    financial and non-financial hurdles, with no STI.

                        Component of remuneration                                        Value
                        Fixed remuneration
                        Salary (including superannuation)                                $1.2 million
                        Variable remuneration
                        STI                                                              $nil
                        LTI                                                              100% of total fixed remuneration maximum

                    Subject to approval at the 2019 AGM, the Board has approved a grant of 75,000 LTI performance rights to Mr Mota based on his
                    previous roles as described in section 2, and on the terms set out in section 4.

                    Termination
                    Either IOOF or Renato may terminate the contract on 12 months’ notice.

                    The Group may immediately terminate the contract for cause in a number of specified circumstances, including material breach
                    of contract, serious or persistent misconduct or wilful neglect of duty.

                    Entitlements to any LTI on cessation of employment will be determined in accordance with the relevant plan rules.

                    Restraint
                    For 12 months from the date of termination of employment, Renato must not work for a competitor or solicit clients,
                    prospective clients, suppliers, staff or contractors.

                    4. Year to 30 June 2019 Key Management Personnel remuneration summary
                    2019 remuneration comprises both “fixed” and “variable” components. The remuneration arrangements for KMP comprise three
                    key components:

                        Component                  Performance Conditions                               Remuneration Principle
                        Fixed
                        TFR
                        Base salary, employer      TFR is determined by taking into consideration       Attract, motivate and retain ambitious
                        superannuation             expertise, responsibility, knowledge,                and motivated executives.
                        contributions and other    experience and market competitiveness.               Reflect employee’s contribution,
                        fringe benefits.                                                                skills and qualifications.
                                                                                                        Reflect market benchmarks and
                                                                                                        remuneration environment.




          50
                                                                                                                                                             IOOF | annual report 2019




                        Component                            Performance Conditions                                             Remuneration Principle
                        Variable
                        STI




For personal use only
                        50% cash.                            STIs are discretionary and determined for each                     Support the financial and strategic direction of the
                        50% deferred shares,                 individual KMP based on a balanced scorecard                       Group, and in turn, translate to shareholder return.
                        vesting over 2 years,                which includes:                                                    Targets for each measure are set by the Board to
                        subject to ’look back’.              Customer: Net Promoter Score,                                      provide a challenging but purposeful incentive.
                        Maximum is 100% of TFR.              Wealth Insights rankings                                           Individual performance measures are specific to
                                                             Financial: Total Shareholder Return (TSR),                         the KMP’s role.
                                                             Return on Equity (RoE), underlying profitability
                                                             Business Excellence: Balance sheet and liquidity
                                                             initiatives, expense management
                                                             Strategy: Regulatory adherence, acquisitions,
                                                             divestment of non-core assets
                                                             Governance: Risk management,
                                                             regulatory compliance
                                                             People and Culture: Action plans from
                                                             employee Engagement and Alignment survey.
                                                             Chief Investment Officer – D Farmer only
                                                             50% determined based on investment
                                                             performance relative to relevant composite
                                                             benchmarks
                                                             50% discretionary based on balanced scorecard
                        LTI
                        100% share-based                     50% performance rights – relative TSR against ASX                  TSR focuses on the delivery of shareholder value.
                        arrangements.                        200 – 3 year vesting period subject to retesting if                The tenure based LTI element assists the Group to
                        Maximum is 100% of TFR.              some or all of the rights do not vest                              attract and retain quality people and aligns future
                                                             50% tenure-based – 3 year vesting period subject                   performance with shareholders’ expectations.
                                                             to an additional 1 year holding lock                               Incentives to remain with the Group to enhance
                                                                                                                                sustainable performance over the long term.

                    As noted in the Committee Chair’s letter on page 45, 2020 will be a transitional year in which the above arrangements will be
                    considered as part of our overall remuneration framework review with significant changes expected from 2021 onwards.

                    Year to 30 June 2019 remuneration framework performance periods
                                                TFR


                                   STI – Cash (50%)


                         STI – Deferred Shares (50%)


                    LTI – tenure based rights (50%)


                    LTI – performance rights (50%)

                                                  Year 0                   Year 1                    Year 2                 Year 3              Year 4

                                                           Performance period       Vesting period     Holding lock/retest period




                                                                                                                                                                                         51
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    5. Year to 30 June 2019 Key                                      LTIs
                    Management Personnel variable                                    LTI: targets and outcomes
                    remuneration targets and outcomes




For personal use only
                                                                                     The Board considers a long-term performance-related
                    Remuneration of KMP (excluding the CEO) is determined            incentive component to be an important element of the
                    by the CEO, recommended by the Committee and                     KMP reward framework.
                    approved by the Board.
                                                                                     Year ended 30 June 2019
                    STIs
                                                                                     Vesting of 50% of performance rights is subject to
                    STI: targets and outcomes                                        serving a three year employment period commencing
                                                                                     on the date of grant.
                    At the end of the year, STIs were considered and assessed
                    by the Board. As discussed in the Committee Chair’s letter       50% of the grant is then subject to a TSR progressive
                    on page 45, it was determined that no discretionary STIs         vesting scale over three years. TSR was chosen as the most
                    were to be awarded to any KMP or certain other senior            appropriate comparative measure as it focuses on the delivery
                    management personnel .                                           of shareholder value. TSR represents the change in the value
                                                                                     of a share plus the value of dividends paid.
                    ’Look back’ events                                               The tenure based element for KMP assists the IOOF Group
                    In 2018, the Board implemented a two year ’look back’ on         to attract and retain quality people and aligns future
                    a portion of STIs to ensure events that are found to have        performance with shareholders’ expectations.
                    occurred after determination of incentives are appropriately
                                                                                     Early vesting may occur in certain circumstances, subject to the
                    factored into the allocation of those awards.
                                                                                     performance hurdle being achieved and Board approval:
                    ’Look back’ events:                                              • on a person/entity acquiring more than 20% of the voting
                    • the KMP engages or has engaged in fraud, dishonesty               shares in the Company pursuant to a takeover bid that has
                        or gross misconduct;                                            become unconditional;
                    • the financial results that led to the KMP’s reward             • on the termination of employment due to death or
                        being provided are subsequently shown to be                     permanent disability; or
                        materially misstated;                                        • in other exceptional circumstances where the Board
                    • the KMP behaves or has behaved in a manner which brings           determines appropriate.
                        the IOOF Group into disrepute; or
                                                                                     The Committee engaged the services of an independent
                    • the Board determines, in its absolute discretion, that the     external organisation (Deloitte) to calculate the IOOF Group’s
                        KMP’s reward is an inappropriate benefit.                    performance against the TSR performance hurdles.
                    The ’look back’ on STI deferred shares granted in 2018 was       Subject to further Board consideration, the above terms will
                    performed, and a summary of deferred shares allocated to         apply to any LTI grants for the year ended 30 June 2020.
                    KMP is included in section 12 of this report. Consideration of
                    ’look back’ events in relation to the two current KMP involved
                    in the current APRA litigation was postponed until after
                    judgement in that case is known.




          52
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    The below LTI performance rights are in place at the date of this report:

                        Year                 Performance      Grant date    IOOF TSR for the period              Ranking        Vesting status     Vesting
                                             period                         %                                    relative to    at 30 Jun 2019     date




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 ASX200
                        2019 LTI           2019-2021          17 Aug 18        Performance period not complete                                     30 Jun 21
                        performance rights
                        2018 LTI           2018-2020          21 Aug 17        Performance period not complete                                     30 Jun 20
                        performance rights
                        2017 LTI           2018-2020          01 Mar 17        Performance period not complete                                     31 Dec 19
                        performance rights
                        – D Farmer
                        2017 LTI           2017-2019          9 Sep 16      -21.64%                              149th           0% vested         30 Jun 19
                        performance rights

                    Refer to section 7 for discussion on 2020 LTI performance rights.

                    The performance period for the 2017 LTI performance rights was completed in 2019. With a TSR ranking of 149th relative to the
                    ASX 200, no performance rights vested under the TSR performance hurdle for any KMP. All KMP remained employed during the
                    three year period.

                    Accordingly, the following shares vested for KMP under the 2017 LTI performance rights:

                        Name                     Type of instrument                           Employment                 TSR       % vested      % forfeited
                                                                                           condition – 50%     performance           in year         in year
                                                                                                               hurdle – 50%
                                                                                          Number of shares
                                                                                                    vested
                        R Mota                   2017 LTI performance rights                          15,000               –           50.0%            50.0%
                        D Coulter                2017 LTI performance rights                          15,000               –           50.0%            50.0%
                        G Riordan                2017 LTI performance rights                          15,000               –           50.0%            50.0%


                    Change of control and cessation of employment
                    The Board has determined that, if there is a change of control, any unvested LTIs may vest subject to the approval of the Board. If the
                    Board so determines, any unvested performance rights may become exercisable. On cessation of employment, unvested LTIs will be
                    dealt with as follows:

                        Reason for termination                             Treatment of unvested LTIs
                        Termination of employment by IOOF by notice        The Board has discretion to waive the performance hurdles or determine that
                                                                           the proportion (if any) of unvested LTIs that will vest
                        Termination of employment by IOOF for cause        Unvested performance rights and share options are forfeited


                        Dismissal for serious misconduct (eg fraud)        Unvested performance rights and share options are forfeited


                    Hedging of unvested securities
                    The IOOF Group Policy – Personal Trading in IOOF Holdings Limited Securities contains a restriction on KMP and other employees
                    entering into a hedging transaction to remove the ’at risk’ aspect of securities that have been granted to them as part of their
                    remuneration package and which have not vested subject to performance conditions and/or which are still subject to forfeiture
                    conditions. Employees are provided with a copy of this policy and are required to provide annual certification that they have complied
                    with the policy. Failure to comply with the policy may result in disciplinary action, including forfeiture of the securities, suspension or
                    termination of employment.




                                                                                                                                                                   53
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    6. Remuneration governance                                             • compliance with regulatory requirements including
                                                                                              the ASX Listing Rules and the associated ASX Corporate
                    Remuneration Framework                                                    Governance Principles and meeting both ASIC and APRA




For personal use only
                                                                                              requirements; and
                    The Board oversees the IOOF Group’s remuneration policies
                    on recommendation from the Committee. The Committee
                                                                                           • ensuring remuneration practices support the sound
                                                                                              management of financial as well as non-financial risk.
                    reviews the remuneration policies of the IOOF Group annually
                    to ensure that they support the IOOF Group’s objectives.
                                                                                           The Group Remuneration Committee
                    The IOOF Group’s Remuneration Framework, established by
                                                                                           The Committee reviews and makes recommendations to the
                    the Committee, considers the adequacy of remuneration
                                                                                           Board on the remuneration structure and policies applicable
                    policies and practices within the IOOF Group on an annual
                                                                                           to the KMP and NEDs of the IOOF Group, as well as the wider
                    basis, including:
                                                                                           IOOF employee population.
                    • ensuring remuneration practices enable realisation
                         of IOOF’s purpose;                                                The Committee’s charter is available on the Corporate
                                                                                           Governance page of the Company’s website at
                    • determination of CEO and other KMP
                                                                                           www.ioof.com.au
                         remuneration arrangements;
                    • ensuring that succession planning and development plans              The Committee is comprised solely of NEDs, all of whom are
                         are in place for KMP and their potential successors;              independent. The members of the Committee for the year
                                                                                           ended 30 June 2019 were A Griffiths (Chair) from 1 July 2018 to
                    • on-going review and monitoring of STI and LTI schemes;
                                                                                           10 December 2018 and member from 11 December to present,
                    • setting key performance indicators and assessment of the             J Harvey (Chair) from 10 December 2018 to present, G Venardos
                         CEO and the IOOF Group’s performance against those key            (leave of absence commenced 10 December 2018) and E
                         performance indicators;                                           Flynn (full year).
                    • overall compensation arrangements of the IOOF Group;
                                                                                           The Board considers that the members of the Committee
                    • ensuring remuneration policies are appropriate for NEDs;             provide an appropriate mix of skills to undertake its terms of
                    • ongoing review of the composition, skill base and                    reference, having regard to their qualifications, knowledge
                         performance of NEDs;                                              of the financial services industry and experience in
                                                                                           business management.


                                                                            IOOF Holdings Ltd Board



                                                                       Group Remuneration Committee

                        Reviews and makes recommendations            Establishment and maintenance             Ensuring remuneration policies are
                        to the Board on remuneration policies,       of the IOOF Group’s Remuneration          appropriate for NEDs, and the ongoing
                        to ensure that they support the              Framework, including determination        review of the composition, skill base
                        Group’s objectives and comply with           of KMP remuneration arrangements,         and performance of NEDs.
                        regulatory requirements.                     ongoing review of STI and LTI schemes,
                                                                     and assessment of performance
                                                                     against key performance indicators.


                    In order to ensure that it is fully informed when making remuneration decisions, the Committee receives regular reports and updates
                    from the Company Secretary, Chief Risk Officer, and Group General Manager, People and Culture and other members of management
                    invited by the Committee to attend meetings when appropriate. The Committee can also draw on services from a range of
                    external sources, including access to benchmarking material and remuneration consultants. This enables the IOOF Group to remain
                    competitive with relevant competitors in the financial services sector and the broader spectrum of public companies of similar size,
                    revenue and profitability.

                    The Committee seeks and considers advice from independent, external remuneration consultants where appropriate. KPMG 3dc
                    was engaged during the year to provide remuneration-related advice in respect of senior executives. The advice did not constitute
                    a remuneration recommendation for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001.

          54        The Committee’s charter is available on the Corporate Governance page of the Company’s website at www.ioof.com.au
                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    7. Year to June 2020 remuneration arrangements
                    Key objectives for the 2020 KMP reward framework are:




For personal use only
                        Attraction and retention     Attract, motivate and retain world-class talent to drive the performance of the Company for
                        of the best talent           our shareholders
                        Strategy-led                 Support our advice-led approach to delivering customer outcomes
                                                     Emphasis on delivering quality advice rather than selling financial products
                                                     Support IOOF’s ClientFirst philosophy to deliver a sustainable competitive advantage
                        Promote a sound risk         Sound management of non-financial and financial risk and individual and collective accountability
                        management culture           Meet the expectations of stakeholders in a post Royal Commission world
                        Shareholder alignment        Align outcomes with the shareholder experience through allocation of equity and delivery
                                                     of shareholder returns
                                                     Facilitate an ’ownership mindset’ and long-term focus among participants
                        Anticipate regulatory        Consider potential BEAR requirements and changes to APRA standards and their impact on
                        developments and impacts     remuneration
                        on remuneration


                    Performance rights – 2020 LTI performance rights
                    The Board will consider 2020 LTI rights later in 2019 following the Senior Management review which was announced to the ASX
                    on 25 June 2019.

                    As 2020 is a transitional year, the 2020 LTI performance rights performance hurdle will be 50% tenure based and 50% relate to the
                    IOOF Group’s TSR over a three year period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022 measured against the TSR of a group of companies
                    comprising the S&P ASX 200 as at 1 July 2019. The performance rights will be subject to a TSR hurdle whereby the IOOF Group’s
                    TSR must be greater than the median TSR of S&P/ASX200.

                    The TSR hurdle has progressive vesting on a straight line basis, such that 2% of LTI awards vest for each 1% ranking increase from
                    50th percentile. All vest if 75th percentile is achieved.




                                                                                                                                                                55
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    8. Non Executive Director remuneration
                    NEDs receive a fixed fee including superannuation for being a Director of the Board, with an additional fee for the Chairman of the




For personal use only
                    Board. No additional fees are paid for service on Board Committees or subsidiary company Boards.

                    In setting fees, the Board considers general industry practice; best principles of corporate governance; the responsibilities and
                    risks attached to the NED role; the time commitment expected of NEDs on Group and Company matters; and fees paid to NEDs
                    of comparable companies.

                    In order to ensure NED independence and impartiality, fees are not linked to Company performance and NEDs are not eligible
                    to participate in any of the Group’s incentive arrangements.

                    The Board has reviewed NED fees for 2020 and, for the second year, has determined not to increase their fees.

                    NED fees
                        Elements                                                 Details
                        NED fees                                                 2018/19 Fees per annum were:
                        (no change to 2018)                                      IOOF Holdings Board Chair fee                                  $285,000
                                                                                 IOOF Holdings Board NED fee                                    $170,000
                        Post-employment benefits                                 Superannuation contributions are made at a rate of 9.5% (up to the Government’s
                                                                                 prescribed maximum contributions limit) and are included in the NED fee.

                    The current aggregate fee pool for NEDs of $1.25 million was approved by shareholders at the 2013 Annual General Meeting.
                    The annual total of NEDs’ fees, including superannuation contributions, is within this agreed limit.

                    Andrew Bloore will be appointed a NED from 2 September 2019 as disclosed to the ASX on 25 June 2019. Michelle Somerville will
                    be appointed a NED from 1 October 2019 as disclosed to the ASX on 20 August 2019.

                    2019 Statutory Remuneration – NEDs
                        NED                                                                         Short-term benefits                     Post-employment
                                                                                                           Directors’ fees    2
                                                                                                                                              Superannuation                    Total
                                                                                                                         $                                 $                       $
                        A Griffiths1                                      2019                                     216,272                                 17,863           234,135
                                                                          2018                                      155,251                                14,749            170,000
                        G Venardos1                                       2019                                     239,265                                 20,531           259,796
                                                                          2018                                      264,951                                20,049            285,000
                        J Harvey                                          2019                                     155,251                                 14,749           170,000
                                                                          2018                                      155,251                                14,749            170,000
                        E Flynn                                           2019                                     155,251                                 14,749           170,000
                                                                          2018                                      155,251                                14,749            170,000
                        J Selak                                           2019                                     155,251                                 14,749           170,000
                                                                          2018                                      155,251                                14,749            170,000
                        Total                                             2019                                     921,290                                 82,641         1,003,931
                                                                          2018                                      885,955                                79,045           965,000

                    1     A Griffiths was appointed Acting Chairman on 10 December 2018 and Chairman on 4 April 2019. G Venardos has been on leave from the Board since 10 December.
                          He resigned as Chairman effective 4 April 2019 and remains a Non-Executive Director. The variation in fees year-on-year reflects these changes.
                    2     Directors’ fees includes any fees sacrificed into superannuation funds.




          56
                                                                                                                                      IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Equity holdings of NEDs
                    The relevant interest of each NED in the shares issued by the Company is as follows:




For personal use only
                        Name                                                                  Balance as at        Changes     Balance as at    Balance as at
                                                                                                 1 Jul 2018         during     30 Jun 20191           report
                                                                                                                   the year                     sign-off date
                        A Griffiths                                                                  41,428               –           41,428           41,428
                        G Venardos                                                                   74,244           17,185          91,429           91,429
                        J Harvey                                                                     29,856            5,400         35,256           35,256
                        E Flynn                                                                      26,428               –          26,428           26,428
                        J Selak                                                                      55,000               –          55,000           55,000


                    Terms of appointment
                    All NEDs have letters of appointment detailing the terms under which they are engaged. The term of appointment for each is
                    open-ended, subject to the provisions of the Corporations Act and the Company’s Constitution. Under the Constitution, one-third of
                    Directors must retire from office each year and may seek re-election by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Company.

                    9. Former Managing Director remuneration arrangements
                    C Kelaher’s resignation was announced on 4 April 2019. The resignation was effective 2 July 2019. C Kelaher received a termination
                    payment of $1,273,379 in lieu of his contractual notice period, along with accrued leave entitlements. C Kelaher’s unvested LTI
                    performance rights lapsed as a result of his cessation of employment. His STI deferred shares remain subject to ’look-back’.

                    LTI performance rights lapsed
                    A summary of the LTI performance rights that lapsed is as follows:

                        Year          Performance Hurdle                                             Grant    Performance            Rights            Lapse
                                                                                                      date          period           lapsed             date
                        2019          TSR greater than median TSR of the S&P/ASX200              28 Nov 18         2019-2021        140,785          4 Apr 19
                        2018          TSR greater than median TSR of the S&P/ASX200              23 Nov 17         2018-2020        122,500          4 Apr 19
                        2017          TSR greater than median TSR of the S&P/ASX200              24 Nov 16         2017-2019        120,000          4 Apr 19


                    STI deferred shares subject to ’look back’
                    A summary of the STI deferred shares which remain subject to ’look back’ is as follows:

                        Instrument                  Grant      Number     Balance at    Granted as   Exercised/      Forfeited/    Balance at      Financial
                                                     date      granted       1 Jul 18    compen-        Vested         Lapsed       30 Jun 19        year of
                                                                      1
                                                                                            sation                                                   vesting
                        2018 deferred shares     30-Jun-18       18,316        18,316           –              –               –       18,316           2021
                        2018 deferred shares     30-Jun-18       18,316        18,316           –              –               –       18,316           2020
                        2017 deferred shares     30-Jun-17       35,420       35,420            –              –               –       35,420           2019
                                                                              72,052            –              –               –       72,052

                    As was the case in the prior year, the ’look back’ relating to deferred shares of C Kelaher, that were due to vest in July 2019 has been
                    postponed. The Board took into account the external events that have been ongoing throughout the 2019 financial year and the share
                    price performance and determined it appropriate to reserve its decision in connection with the ’look back’.




                                                                                                                                                                  57
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    Equity holdings
                    The relevant interest of C Kelaher in the shares issued by the Company, is as follows:




For personal use only
                        Ordinary shares                                                                               Balance at Received on                Net other          Balance at
                                                                                                                          1 July    vesting of               change              30 June1
                                                                                                                             No. performance                      No.                 No.
                                                                                                                                        rights
                                                                                                                                           No.
                        Former KMP
                        C Kelaher                        2019                                                          3,566,381                   –                   –       3,566,381
                                                         2018                                                           3,443,449            91,395              31,537         3,566,381

                    1     The equity holding for the above individuals is inclusive of both direct and indirect shareholdings.


                    C Kelaher’s final Directors interest notice was lodged with the ASX on 4 April 2019 with 3,566,381 shares.

                    10. Company performance and remuneration impacts
                    In considering the IOOF Group’s financial performance and impacts on shareholder wealth for STI and LTI determination,
                    the Committee has regard to the following metrics in respect of the current financial year and the previous four financial years.

                    5 year Group performance
                                                                                                         2019                2018             2017                2016              2015
                        Profitability measures
                        Profit attributable to owners of the Company ($’000s)                          28,560              88,301          115,990            196,846            138,371
                        UNPAT ($’000s)1                                                               197,989              191,417         169,357             173,367           173,758
                        UNPAT EPS (cents per share)                                                       56.5                   57.3          56.5                57.8              59.9
                        Share information
                        Basic EPS (cents per share)                                                          8.1                 26.4          38.7                65.7              47.7
                        Basic EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                               (12.0)                 31.6          38.7                46.0              45.8


                        Share price at start of year                                                      8.99                   9.80          7.83                8.99             8.40
                        Share price at end of year                                                         5.17                  8.99          9.80                7.83              8.99
                        Change in share price                                                            (3.82)                  (0.81)        1.97                (1.16)            0.59


                        Dividends per share (cents per share)                                             37.5                   54.0          53.0                54.5              53.0
                        Ratios
                        Return on equity (non-statutory measure)(2)                                     10.9%                11.3%           12.1%               12.3%             13.4%
                        Total shareholder return                                                      (36.8)%               (2.8)%           31.9%               (6.8)%            20.6%
                        Total shareholder return – three year cumulative                              (21.6)%                11.8%           36.9%               29.3%             85.3%
                        STIs paid to KMP
                        Total STIs paid to KMP ($’000s)                                                      143             2,046            1,900               1,813             1,573

                    1     UNPAT is reconciled to profit attributable to owners of the Company in the Operating and Financial Review on page 32 within the Directors’ Report.
                    2     RoE is calculated by dividing UNPAT by average capital on issue during the year.




          58
                                                                                                                                     IOOF | annual report 2019




                    UNPAT vs STI vs TSR (cumulative)
                    UNPAT $’000                                                                                                         TSR %      STI $’000




For personal use only
                        210,000                                                                                                         100        2,500

                        200,000                                                                                                         80         2,000

                        190,000                                                                                                         60         1,500

                                                                                                                                        40         1,000
                        180,000
                                                                                                                                        20         500
                        170,000
                                                                                                                                        0          –
                        160,000
                                                                                                                                        (20)       -500
                        150,000
                                                                                                                                        (40)       -1,000
                                          2015                2016                 2017                2018             2019

                                     UNPAT ($’000s)    STIs paid to KMP ($’000s)   TSR – 3 yr cumulative (%)



                    Impact of Group performance on STIs
                    As discussed in section 4, no discretionary STIs were paid to KMP in 2019.

                    Impact of Group performance on LTIs
                    As discussed in section 5, TSR performance over the three years to 30 June 2019 was -21.6%, placing it at the 149th relative to the
                    ASX 200. As a result, none of the TSR hurdle based 2017 performance rights vested in July 2019.




                                                                                                                                                                 59
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    11. Key Management Personnel remuneration – Additional statutory disclosure
                    Additional statutory disclosure




For personal use only
                    The following table sets out the remuneration received by KMP for the year ended 30 June 2019. The share-based payments shown
                    below are not amounts actually received by KMP during the year, as they include accounting values for unvested share awards.
                    Actual share-based payment amounts received are shown as cash remuneration.

                                                          Short-term benefits                    Post-             Share-based
                                                                                               employ-              payments3
                                                                                                 ment
                                                                                    Non-         Super-        Perform- Bonus -             Termin-                          Component as
                        Element of                                  Bonus -        mone-          annu-             ance deferred             ation                           a % of total
                        Remuneration                   Salary         cash1         tary2          ation          rights   shares           benefits             Total       remuneration
                        Component of                    Fixed     Variable           Fixed         Fixed        Variable      Variable          Fixed                       Fixed     Variable4
                        Remuneration                        $            $               $             $               $             $              $                 $         %           %
                        R Mota1              2019    762,065                –        6,048        20,531        446,166                –              –    1,234,810            64            36
                                             2018     499,951       225,000          5,363        20,049         169,039       225,000                –     1,144,402           46            54
                        D Coulter  1
                                             2019     451,119               –        3,218        20,531        446,166                –              –       921,034           52            48
                                             2018     439,951       225,000           7,249       20,049         169,039       225,000                –     1,086,288           43            57
                        G Riordan1           2019    465,426                –             –       20,531         307,499               –              –      793,456            61            39
                                             2018     455,911       142,841               –       20,049         144,710       142,841                –       906,352           53            47
                        D Farmer   1
                                             2019     317,919       142,713          3,218        20,531         179,479               –              –      663,860            51            49
                                             2018     311,451       116,025          4,026        20,049          29,584        116,025               –        597,160          56            44
                        F Lombardo     1,5
                                             2019    283,347                –             –       11,845        104,331                –              –      399,523            74            26
                        Former Managing Director
                        C Kelaher6           2019 1,303,163                 –        3,467        23,774        (204,460)              – 1,268,129 2,394,073                  109              (9)
                                             2018   1,236,286       314,302         19,145        20,049         893,487        314,302               –     2,797,571           46            54
                        Total                2019 3,583,039         142,713         15,951       117,743       1,279,181               – 1,268,129         6,406,756
                                             2018   2,943,550 1,023,168             35,783       100,245       1,405,859 1,023,168                    –     6,531,773

                    1     The 2018 bonus reflects amounts provided under the STI program in relation to the 2018 financial year. One half of the bonuses awarded to KMP is paid in cash and
                          one half is deferred into shares, of which 50% will vest in July 2019 and 50% in July 2020 subject to a ’look back’. The deferred shares component of the STI are included
                          as a share-based payment in this table. The expected payment value of the bonuses is the amount shown and includes any amounts that may be sacrificed into
                          superannuation.
                    2     Non-monetary benefits include company funded benefits and fringe benefits tax payable on those benefits, typically car parking.
                    3     Share-based payments include accruals in relation to the Executive Performance Share Plan and accruals in relation to other grants of performance rights over shares
                          in the Company. The value of the number of shares and options expected to vest has been apportioned over the term from grant date to vesting date. STIs awarded
                          in deferred shares are also shown here.
                    4     As payment of the variable component is at the discretion of the Board, the minimum value is nil and the maximum is the total amount paid.
                    5     Amounts represent payments relating to the period during which the individuals were identified as KMP.
                    6     Total termination payment of $1,273,379 as disclosed to the ASX includes $5,250 of annual leave and long service leave entitlements which are included in salary for
                          accounting purposes. The remaining termination payment as disclosed above being $1,268,129.




          60
                                                                                                                                                                      IOOF | annual report 2019




                    12. Other information
                    Equity holdings




For personal use only
                    The table below sets out details of deferred shares and rights that were granted to KMP:
                    • during the 2019 financial year; or
                    • in prior years and that then vested, were exercised/sold or which lapsed/were forfeited during the 2019 financial year.
                    F Lombardo was appointed KMP after the grant of 2019 LTI performance rights. Therefore, he is not included in the below table.

                        Name                  Type of instrument               Grant            Number         Balance Granted Exercised Forfeited/ Balance Financial
                                                                               date             granted1             at       as /Vested   Lapsed          at year of
                                                                                                               1 Jul 18 compen-                     30 Jun 19 vesting
                                                                                                                          sation
                        R Mota                2018 deferred shares2            30-Jun-18           13,112         13,112             –              –             –        13,112           2021
                                              2018 deferred shares     2
                                                                               30-Jun-18           13,112         13,112             –              –             –        13,112           2020
                                              2019 LTI                         26-Sep-18          50,000               –       50,000               –             –       50,000            2021
                                              performance rights
                                              2018 LTI                         1-Sep-17           30,000        30,000               –              –             –       30,000            2020
                                              performance rights
                                              2017 LTI                         9-Sep-16           30,000        30,000               –      (15,000)       (15,000)             –           2019
                                              performance rights
                        Total R Mota                                                                            86,224        50,000        (15,000)      (15,000) 106,224
                        D Coulter             2018 deferred shares     3
                                                                               30-Jun-18           13,112         13,112             –              –             –        13,112           2021
                                              2018 deferred shares3            30-Jun-18           13,112         13,112             –              –             –        13,112           2020
                                              2019 LTI                         26-Sep-18          50,000               –       50,000               –             –       50,000            2021
                                              performance rights
                                              2018 LTI                         1-Sep-17           30,000        30,000               –              –             –       30,000            2020
                                              performance rights
                                              2017 LTI                         9-Sep-16           30,000        30,000               –      (15,000)       (15,000)             –           2019
                                              performance rights
                        Total D Coulter                                                                         86,224        50,000        (15,000)      (15,000) 106,224
                        G Riordan             2018 deferred shares     3
                                                                               30-Jun-18            8,324         8,324              –              –             –        8,324            2021
                                              2018 deferred shares     3
                                                                               30-Jun-18            8,324         8,324              –              –             –        8,324            2020
                                              2019 LTI                         26-Sep-18          30,000               –       30,000               –             –       30,000            2021
                                              performance rights
                                              2018 LTI                         1-Sep-17           20,000        20,000               –              –             –       20,000            2020
                                              performance rights
                                              2017 LTI                         9-Sep-16           30,000        30,000               –      (15,000)       (15,000)             –           2019
                                              performance rights
                        Total G Riordan                                                                         66,648        30,000        (15,000)      (15,000)       66,648
                        D Farmer              2018 deferred shares     3
                                                                               30-Jun-18            6,761         6,761              –              –             –         6,761           2021
                                              2018 deferred shares3            30-Jun-18            6,761         6,761              –              –             –         6,761           2020
                                              2019 LTI                         26-Sep-18          25,000               –       25,000               –             –       25,000            2021
                                              performance rights
                                              2017 LTI                         1-Mar-17            15,000        15,000              –              –             –       15,000            2020
                                              performance rights
                        Total D Farmer                                                                          28,522        25,000                –             –       53,522
                        Total KMP                                                                              267,618       155,000        (45,000)      (45,000)       332,618

                    1     Exercise price at grant date is $nil.
                    2     In August 2018, KMP were awarded STIs for the 2018 financial year, of which one half was settled in cash and the remaining half in the form of deferred shares.
                          Half of the deferred shares vested in July 2019 with the remaining half in July 2020 subject to Board ’look back’ provisions.
                    3     Consideration of ’look back’ has been postponed until after judgement in the current APRA litigation is known.



                                                                                                                                                                                                   61
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Remuneration report (cont’d)
                    12. Other information (continued)
                    The relevant interest of KMP in the shares issued by the Company, is as follows:




For personal use only
                        Ordinary shares                                                                             Balance at     Received    Net other      Balance at
                                                                                                                   1 July 2018 on vesting of    change      30 June 2019
                                                                                                                               performance                             1

                                                                                                                                      rights
                                                                                                                                No.     No.         No.             No.
                        R Mota                             2019                                                         108,115        7,500      6,500          122,115
                                                           2018                                                         103,009       20,750     (15,644)        108,115
                        D Coulter                          2019                                                        293,471         7,500          –         300,971
                                                           2018                                                         271,293       20,750       1,428         293,471
                        G Riordan                          2019                                                          65,000        7,500          –          72,500
                                                           2018                                                          44,250       20,750          –           65,000
                        D Farmer                           2019                                                                  –        –           –               –
                                                           2018                                                                  –        –           –               –
                        F Lombardo2                        2019                                                                  –        –           –               –

                    1    The equity holding for the above individuals is inclusive of both direct and indirect shareholdings.
                    2    Opening balance is number of shares held at the time of appointment as KMP.

                    Contract terms
                    The term of each KMP’s contract is ongoing. Either IOOF or the individual KMP (excluding the CEO) can terminate their contract on
                    6 months notice.

                    In the case of termination of employment, the IOOF Group may elect to make a payment in lieu of part or all of the notice periods,
                    incorporating unpaid leave entitlements and pro-rated entitlement to STI (if applicable). The Board has discretion regarding treatment
                    of unvested short and long-term incentives.

                    Payments to persons before taking office
                    No Director or member of senior management appointed during the year received a payment as part of his or her consideration for
                    agreeing to hold the position.

                    This Directors’ report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors made pursuant to s.298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.




                    Jane Harvey
                    Remuneration Committee Chair

                    26 August 2019




          62
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Directors’ declaration
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019




For personal use only
                    1 In the opinion of the Directors of the Company:
                        a the consolidated financial statements and notes set out on pages 69 to 130, and the Remuneration Report, set out on pages
                          45 to 62 in the Directors’ Report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                           i   giving a true and fair view of the IOOF Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2019 and its performance for the financial year
                               ended on that date; and
                           ii complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and
                        b there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become
                          due and payable.

                    2 The Directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Managing Director
                      and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2019.
                    3 The Directors draw attention to section 7–2 to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement of compliance
                      with International Financial Reporting Standards.

                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                    Mr Allan Griffiths
                    Chairman

                    Melbourne
                    26 August 2019




                                                                                                                                                                   63
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                           Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under




For personal use only
                          Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                        Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                               To the Directors of IOOF Holdings Ltd
                        To the Directors of IOOF Holdings Ltd
                              I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of IOOF Holdings Ltd for
                              the financial year ended 30 June 2019 there have been:
                        I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of IOOF Holdings Ltd for
                        the financial i.year no  contraventions
                                             ended 30  June 2019ofthere
                                                                    the have
                                                                         auditorbeen:
                                                                                 independence requirements as set out in the
                                              Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                                i.       no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the
                                      ii.Corporations
                                              no contraventions
                                                      Act 2001 inofrelation
                                                                    any applicable        of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                                                                                    codeand
                                                                            to the audit;
                                 ii.        no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


                               KPM_INI_01


                        KPM_INI_01
                               PAR_SIG_01     PAR_NAM_01    PAR_POS_01       PAR_DAT_01       PAR_CIT_01

                               KPMG
                        PAR_SIG_01PAR_NAM_01        PAR_POS_01      PAR_DAT_01       PAR_CIT_01
                                                                                                  KPMG

                        KPMG                                                              KPMG




                                                                                               Rachel Milum
                              Chris Wooden
                                                                                               Partner
                              Partner                                                     Rachel Milum
                        Chris Wooden                                                           Melbourne
                              Melbourne                                                   Partner
                        Partner                                                                26 August 2019
                              26 August 2019                                              Melbourne
                        Melbourne
                                                                                          26 August 2019
                        26 August 2019




                                                                                                           39

                                                           KPMG, an Australian partnership and a 39
                                                                                                  member firm of the KPMG
                                                           network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under
          64                                               International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.
                                                  KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                                                                                                                                       Professional Standards Legislation.

                                                  network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG                     Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                                                  International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.            Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                                IOOF | annual report 2019




                        Independent
                           Lead AuditAudi
                                     or’s tInor’dependence
                                                 s Report Declaration under




For personal use only
                        To the shareholders of IOOF Holdings Ltd
                             Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                        Report on the audit of the Financial Report

                              To the Directors of IOOF Holdings Ltd
                        Opinion
                              I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of IOOF Holdings Ltd for
                        We have audited the Financial Report of           The Financial Report comprises:
                               the financial year ended 30 June 2019 there      have been:
                        IOOF Holdings Ltd (the Company).
                                                                           Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2019;
                                      i.      no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the
                        In our opinion, the accompanying Financial
                                              Corporations Act 2001 in       Consolidated
                                                                         relation to        statement
                                                                                     the audit; and    of comprehensive income, Consolidated
                        Report of the Company is in accordance                statement of changes in equity, and Consolidated statement of cash
                                      ii.
                        with the Corporations noAct
                                                 contraventions   of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                                                    2001, including:          flows for the year then ended;
                           giving a true and fair view of the                          Notes including a summary of significant accounting policies; and
                            Group’s financial position as at 30 June
                                                                                        Directors’ Declaration.
                            2019 and of its financial performance for
                            the  year ended on that date; and
                              KPM_INI_01                                           The Group consists of the Company and the entities it controlled at the
                                                                                   year-end or from time to time during the financial year.
                           complying with Australian Accounting
                            Standards
                             PAR_SIG_01 and the  Corporations
                                          PAR_NAM_01 PAR_POS_01 PAR_DAT_01              PAR_CIT_01
                            Regulations
                             KPMG         2001.                                              KPMG

                        Basis for opinion

                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit evidence we have
                        obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                                                                             Rachel Milum
                              Chris Wooden
                        Our responsibilities
                              Partner        under those standards are further Partner
                                                                               described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                        Financial Report  section of our report.               Melbourne
                              Melbourne
                                                                                             26 August 2019
                        We are 26independent
                                   August 2019of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                        Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code)
                        that are relevant to our audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                        accordance with the Code.


                        Key Audit Matters

                        The Key Audit Matters we identified are:                   Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional
                                                                                   judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the Financial Report
                           Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible
                                                                                   of the current period.
                            Assets.
                                                                                   These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                           Provisions for client remediation and
                                                                                   Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we
                            related costs.
                                                                                   do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                           Information technology related controls.


                        Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets - $936.9m and $364.7m

                        Refer to Note 4-3 Goodwill and 4-2 Intangible Assets to the Financial Report


                                                                                                      39

                                                    KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                                                    network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG                       Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                                                    International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.
                                                                   KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                                                                                                                                   Professional Standards Legislation.                         65
                                     40                                                                                                         Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                                                                   network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG                     Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                   International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                        The key audit matter                         How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        A key audit matter was whether the           Working with our valuation specialists, our procedures included:
                        Group’s recoverable amount for                Testing of key controls, such as the assessment and approval of internal
                        goodwill and intangible assets,                forecasts, to evaluate the Group’s process for assessing the recoverable




For personal use only
                        including key assumptions were                 amount of goodwill and intangible assets.
                        appropriate having regard to accounting       We considered the appropriateness of the value in use method applied by
                        standards.                                     the Group to perform the annual test of goodwill and intangibles for
                        Specific intangible assets we focused          impairment against the requirements of the accounting standards.
                        on related to customer relationships          For goodwill, we challenged the Group’s key assumptions, in particular
                        and brand names.                               those relating to discount rates, revenue growth and forecast funds under
                        The size of the goodwill and intangible        management by analysing historical data and taking into consideration
                        assets relative to the total assets of the     expected future events, and verifying the key market related assumptions
                        Group (being 25% and 10% of total              to external data, through the following procedures:
                        assets respectively) and the level of          o     We compared relevant data in the models to the latest Board
                        judgment required by the Group,                      approved forecasts.
                        contributed to this being a key audit
                                                                       o     We assessed the accuracy of previous Group forecasts to inform our
                        matter.
                                                                             evaluation of forecasts incorporated in the models.
                        The models and forecast assumptions
                                                                       o     We independently developed a discount rate range using publicly
                        incorporated significant judgment in
                                                                             available data for comparable entities, adjusted by risk factors specific
                        respect of key factors such as:
                                                                             to the Group’s CGUs and the industry they operate in.
                        discount rates, revenue growth, and
                        forecast funds under management, as            o     We assessed the integrity of the value in use models used, including
                        well as economic assumptions such as                 the accuracy of the underlying formulas in the calculations.
                        inflation rates. Changes in the                o     We considered the sensitivity of the models by varying key
                        underlying assumptions can                           assumptions such as revenue growth and discount rates, within a
                        significantly impact the recoverable                 reasonably possible range, to identify those CGUs at higher risk of
                        amount of the relevant assets and can                impairment and to further focus our procedures.
                        therefore give rise to impairment. The         o     We assessed the key assumptions for consistent application across
                        Group recorded an impairment charge                  the Group.
                        of $9.5m against goodwill. This related       We recalculated the impairment charge from the Perennial CGU against
                        to the Perennial Cash Generating Unit          the recoverable amount and reconciled it to the amount disclosed.
                        (“CGU”) as a result of reduced                We assessed the disclosures in the financial report using our
                        profitability from lower revenues.             understanding of the issue obtained from our testing and against the
                        Revenue decline for this CGU has               requirements of the accounting standards.
                        arisen due to institutional outflows.
                        We involved valuation specialists to
                        supplement our senior audit team
                        members in assessing this key audit
                        matter.

                        Provisions for client remediation and related costs - $392.0m

                        Refer to Note 4-4 Provisions and 3-4 Capital Commitments and Contingencies to the Financial Report

                        The key audit matter                         How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        The Group has assessed the need to           Working with our Regulatory Specialists, our procedures included:
                        recognise provisions in relation to           Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s process for identifying and
                        certain client remediation activities          assessing the potential impact of the review into client remediation
                        arising from both internal and external        activities.
                        reviews.                                      Enquiring with the Group regarding ongoing reviews into other remediation
                        The provisions for client remediation          activities.
                        activities is a Key Audit Matter due to       Reading the minutes and other relevant documentation of the Company’s
                        the judgments required by us in                Board of Directors, Board Committees, various management committees,
                        assessing the Group’s determination            and attending the Company’s Audit and Risk Committee meetings.
                        of:
                                                                      Inspecting any correspondence with regulatory bodies and reading reports
                          The existence of a present legal or         provided to the Group.
                            constructive obligation arising from
                                                                      Challenging reports provided and management’s basis for recognition of a
                            a past event using the conditions of
                                                                       provision and associated costs against the requirements of the accounting
                            the event against the criteria in the
                                                                       standards. We did this by understanding and challenging the provisioning
                            accounting standards.
                                                                       methodologies and underlying assumptions.

          66                                                                         41
                                                                                                                            IOOF | annual report 2019




                          Reliable estimates of amounts             Testing completeness by evaluating where exposures may have arisen
                           which may be paid arising from the         based upon our knowledge and experience of broader industry matters,
                           present obligation, including              the Group’s documentation and the current regulatory environment. We
                           estimates of related costs.                also checked these features against the criteria defining a provision or a
                          The potential for legal proceedings        contingency in the accounting standards




For personal use only
                           and reviews leading to a wider            Assessing the appropriateness of the Group’s conclusions against the
                           range of estimation outcomes for           requirements of the accounting standards where estimates were unable to
                           us to consider.                            be reliably made for a provision to be recognised.
                        We involved Regulatory Specialists to        Assessing the disclosures in the financial report using our understanding of
                        supplement our senior audit team              the issue obtained from our testing and against the requirements of the
                        members in assessing this key audit           accounting standards.
                        matter.

                        Information Technology related controls

                        The key audit matter                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        The Group’s key financial accounting        Working with our IT specialists, our procedures included:
                        and reporting processes are highly           General IT controls design, observations and operation: Sample testing of
                        dependent on the automated controls           key controls operating over the information (in relation to financial
                        over the Group’s IT systems. There is         accounting and reporting systems), including change management,
                        a risk that gaps in the change                segregation of duties and user access management controls.
                        management, segregation of duties or         Change management control operation: Obtained and inspected the
                        user access management controls (in           change management policies and, for a sample of system changes during
                        relation to key financial accounting and      the year (in relation to financial accounting and reporting systems),
                        reporting systems) may undermine our          checked that changes had been performed in line with policy.
                        ability to place some reliance thereon in
                                                                     Segregation of duties control operation: Sample testing of key automated
                        our audit.
                                                                      controls (in relation to financial accounting and reporting systems) that are
                        We involved IT specialists to                 designed to enforce appropriate segregation of duties.
                        supplement our senior audit team
                                                                     User access management controls operation: We obtained the Group’s
                        members in assessing this key audit
                                                                      evaluation of the access rights, including privileged access rights, granted
                        matter.
                                                                      to applications relevant to financial accounting and reporting systems and
                                                                      tested the resolution of a sample of exceptions. We also assessed the
                                                                      operating effectiveness of controls over granting, removal and
                                                                      appropriateness of access rights, including privileged access rights.




                        Other Information

                        Other Information is financial and non-financial information in IOOF Holding Ltd’s annual reporting which is provided in
                        addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are responsible for the Other Information.
                        The Other Information we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report was the Directors’ Report and the
                        Remuneration Report. The remaining other information is expected to include: About IOOF, Our Major Brands, Chairman
                        and Managing Director’s Commentary, Our Financial Performance, Environmental, Social & Governance Report, IOOF
                        Foundation and Shareholder Information and is expected to be made available to us after the date of the Auditor’s
                        Report.
                        Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not and will not
                        express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
                        and our related assurance opinion.

                        In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information. In doing so, we
                        consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in
                        the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                        We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, and based on
                        the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we
                        have nothing to report.




                                                                                    42                                                                  67
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The Directors are responsible for:

                               preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards
                                and the Corporations Act 2001;




For personal use only
                               implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives a true and fair
                                view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                               assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of the going concern basis of
                                accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                                going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
                                no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objective is:

                                to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material
                                 misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

                                to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
                        Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
                        reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the Financial Report.
                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the Auditing and Assurance
                        Standards Board website at: http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our
                        Auditor’s Report.

                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion                                           Directors’ responsibilities

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of        The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
                        IOOF Holdings Ltd for the year ended 30           presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with Section
                        June 2019, complies with Section 300A of          300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                          Our responsibilities
                                                                          We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 45 to 62
                                                                          of the Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2019.
                                                                          Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report,
                                                                          based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing
                                                                          Standards.




                        KPMG                                              KPMG




                        Chris Wooden                                      Rachel Milum
                        Partner                                           Partner
                        Melbourne                                         Melbourne
                        26 August 2019                                    26 August 2019



          68                                                                         43
                                                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                                                                     2019                2018
                                                                                                                                                Note                $’000               $’000
                        Revenue                                                                                                                    2-3         1,063,257              758,080




For personal use only
                        Expenses                                                                                                                   2-4         (1,109,007)           (602,734)
                        Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method                                                       4-1                986                2,524
                        Finance costs                                                                                                                             (12,884)              (2,103)
                        Profit/(Loss) before tax                                                                                                                  (57,648)            155,767
                        Income tax (benefit)/expense                                                                                               2-6             15,347             (50,409)
                        Statutory fund
                        Statutory fund revenue*                                                                                                    5-1             62,269               61,798
                        Statutory fund expenses*                                                                                                   5-1             (52,110)            (44,401)
                        Income tax (expense)/benefit – statutory*                                                                                  5-1             (10,159)            (17,397)
                        Statutory fund contribution to profit, net of tax                                                                                                –                    –
                        Profit/(Loss) for the year from continuing operations                                                                                     (42,301)           105,358
                        Discontinued operations
                        Profit/(Loss) for the year from discontinued operations                                                                    2-2             75,708              (11,732)
                        Profit for the year                                                                                                                       33,407               93,626
                        Other comprehensive income
                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
                        Net change in fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income                                                              7,888               8,185
                        Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                                                                                           (6)                (89)
                        Income tax on other comprehensive income                                                                                                    (2,374)             (2,444)
                        Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                                                                  5,508                5,652
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                                    38,915              99,278
                        Profit attributable to:
                        Owners of the Company                                                                                                                      28,560              88,301
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                    4,847                5,325
                        Profit for the year                                                                                                                        33,407              93,626
                        Total comprehensive income attributable to:
                        Owners of the Company                                                                                                                      34,068              93,953
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                    4,847                5,325
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                                    38,915              99,278
                        Earnings per share – continuing and discontinued operations:
                        Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                                 2-8                  8.1               26.4
                        Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                               2-8                  8.1               26.4
                        Earnings per share – continuing operations:
                        Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                                 2-8                (12.0)              31.6
                        Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                               2-8                (12.0)              31.5

                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 74 to 130.
                    *     A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. The funds operated by IOOF Ltd, and any trusts controlled
                          by those funds, are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds are required to be consolidated in accordance
                          with accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   69
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Consolidated statement of financial position
                    As at 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                                       30-Jun 2019         30-Jun 2018**          1-Jul 2017
                                                                                                                            Note                $’000               $’000               $’000
                        Assets




For personal use only
                        Cash                                                                                                 1-1(d)            97,442             125,619             211,881
                        Certificates of deposit                                                                              1-1(d)                  –            407,443                     –
                        Receivables                                                                                          1-1(d)          328,691              154,353             141,248
                        Debt note                                                                                            1-1(d)          800,000                     –                    –
                        Other financial assets                                                                               1-1(d)         1,047,137           1,025,551             943,038
                        Current tax assets                                                                                                      3,897                    –                    –
                        Prepayments                                                                                                            15,307               17,307             14,403
                        Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                               1,182               1,552               1,913
                        Associates                                                                                             4-1             21,509              24,002               21,081
                        Property and equipment                                                                                                 36,010              19,339              21,480
                        Intangible assets                                                                                      4-2           364,707              408,310             441,079
                        Goodwill                                                                                               4-3           936,891             940,226              954,867
                                                                                                                                           3,652,773            3,123,702           2,750,990
                        Assets classified as held for sale                                                                     2-2             52,474                    –                    –
                        Total assets                                                                                                       3,705,247           3,123,702           2,750,990
                        Liabilities
                        Payables                                                                                             1-1(d)            90,235              75,094               73,519
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                          1-1(d)         1,038,118           1,015,273             920,138
                        Borrowings                                                                                             3-2           426,503                     –            206,948
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                                                      –             25,615              25,813
                        Provisions                                                                                            4-4             453,332             116,335              64,639
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               2-6              5,895              73,755              95,256
                        Deferred revenue liability                                                                                               1,121               1,413               1,800
                        Lease incentives                                                                                                        5,752                3,530               2,429
                                                                                                                                           2,020,956            1,311,015           1,390,542
                        Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale                                2-2             27,434                    –                    –
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                  2,048,390            1,311,015           1,390,542
                        Net assets                                                                                                        1,656,857            1,812,687           1,360,448
                        Equity
                        Share capital                                                                                          3-3          1,963,109           1,967,023           1,434,459
                        Reserves                                                                                               3-5             25,225               19,413             13,349
                        Accumulated losses                                                                                                   (339,140)           (184,169)             (97,048)
                        Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                                                          1,649,194           1,802,267           1,350,760
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                                                 7,663             10,420                9,688
                        Total equity                                                                                                      1,656,857            1,812,687           1,360,448

                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 74 to 130.
                    *     A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. The funds operated by IOOF Ltd, and any trusts controlled
                          by those funds, are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds are required to be consolidated in accordance
                          with accounting standards.
                    ** Restated – refer to note 7-3.




          70
                                                                                                                                              IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                        For the year ended                          Ordinary          Treasury        Reserves     Accu–         Total           Non–          Total
                        30 June 2019                                  shares            shares                    mulated                  controlling        equity
                                                                                                                   losses                     interest




For personal use only
                                                                        $’000             $’000          $’000      $’000        $’000          $’000          $’000
                        Balance at 1 July 2018**                    1,971,648             (4,625)       19,413    (184,169)   1,802,267         10,420     1,812,687
                        Total comprehensive income
                        for the year
                        Profit for the year attributable                      –                 –           –      28,560       28,560          4,847         33,407
                        to owners of the Company
                        Other comprehensive income                            –                 –        5,508          –        5,508              –          5,508
                        for the year, net of income tax
                        Total comprehensive income                            –                 –        5,508     28,560       34,068          4,847         38,915
                        for the year
                        Transactions with owners,
                        recorded directly in equity
                        Contributions by and
                        (distributions to) owners
                        Dividends paid                                        –                 –           –     (184,055)    (184,055)        (6,947)      (191,002)
                        Return of capital to non–                             –                 –           –           –            –          (1,201)        (1,201)
                        controlling interest
                        Share–based payments expense                          –                 –        4,828          –        4,828              –          4,828
                        Transfer from employee equity–                   4,000                  –       (4,000)         –            –              –              –
                        settled benefits reserve on
                        exercise of performance rights
                        Treasury shares transferred to                  (4,649)            4,649            –           –            –              –              –
                        recipients during the year
                        Transfer of lapsed performance                        –                 –         (524)       524            –              –              –
                        rights to retained earnings
                        Purchase of treasury shares                           –            (7,914)          –           –        (7,914)            –          (7,914)
                        Additional non–controlling                            –                 –           –           –            –            544            544
                        interest arising upon acquisition
                        Total transactions with owners                    (649)           (3,265)         304     (183,531)    (187,141)        (7,604)      (194,745)
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                     1,970,999             (7,890)       25,225    (339,140)   1,649,194          7,663     1,656,857

                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 74 to 130.




                                                                                                                                                                          71
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                        For the year ended                          Ordinary          Treasury        Reserves       Accu-         Total          Non-        Total
                        30 June 2018**                                shares            shares                     mulated                  controlling      equity
                                                                                                                    losses                     interest




For personal use only
                                                                        $’000             $’000          $’000       $’000        $’000          $’000        $’000
                        Balance at 1 July 2017                      1,438,601              (4,142)      13,349      (97,048)   1,350,760         9,688     1,360,448
                        Total comprehensive income
                        for the year
                        Profit for the year attributable                      –                 –            –      88,301        88,301          5,325       93,626
                        to owners of the Company
                        Other comprehensive income                            –                 –        5,652            –        5,652             –         5,652
                        for the year, net of income tax
                        Total comprehensive income                            –                 –        5,652      88,301       93,953          5,325       99,278
                        for the year
                        Transactions with owners,
                        recorded directly in equity
                        Contributions by and
                        (distributions to) owners
                        Dividends paid                                        –                 –            –     (175,645)    (175,645)        (4,593)    (180,238)
                        Share-based payments expense                          –                 –        2,728            –        2,728             –         2,728
                        Issue of shares                               539,264                   –            –            –      539,264             –      539,264
                        Transaction costs of issuing                    (5,917)                 –            –            –       (5,917)            –        (5,917)
                        new shares
                        Transfer from employee equity-                   2,093                  –        (2,093)          –           –              –            –
                        settled benefits reserve on
                        exercise of performance rights
                        Treasury shares transferred                     (2,393)            2,393             –            –           –              –            –
                        to recipients during the year
                        Transfer of lapsed performance                        –                 –         (223)        223            –              –            –
                        rights to retained earnings
                        Purchase of treasury shares                           –           (2,876)            –            –       (2,876)            –        (2,876)
                        Total transactions with owners                533,047               (483)          412     (175,422)     357,554         (4,593)     352,961
                        Balance at 30 June 2018     **
                                                                   1,971,648              (4,625)       19,413     (184,169)   1,802,267        10,420     1,812,687

                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 74 to 130.




          72
                                                                                                                  IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Consolidated statement of cash flows
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                                        Note      $’000            $’000
                        Cash flows from operating activities




For personal use only
                        Receipts from customers                                                                1,211,456         960,541
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                    (990,573)        (680,691)
                        Dividends from associates                                                                     358           1,753
                        Net stockbroking purchases                                                                    612            (142)
                        Non-recurring professional fees recovered/(paid)                                                –             902
                        Legal settlements paid                                                                    (47,928)              –
                        Legal settlements recovered                                                                37,070               –
                        Termination payments                                                                         (769)         (2,304)
                        One off remediation costs                                                                  (4,071)              –
                        Coupon interest received on debt note                                                      67,910               –
                        Income taxes paid                                                                       (130,023)         (86,613)
                        Contributions received – statutory                                                       112,292         175,598
                        Withdrawal payments – statutory                                                         (139,398)       (126,549)
                        Dividends and distributions received – statutory                                            6,200           1,928
                        Proceeds from divestment of financial instruments – statutory                            291,688         152,272
                        Payments for financial instruments – statutory                                         (239,209)        (172,069)
                        Amounts (advanced to)/borrowed from other entities – statutory                             (3,432)         (8,238)
                        Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                              2-5     172,183         216,388
                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Dividends and distributions received                                                        1,238             1,115
                        Interest received                                                                           9,448            8,051
                        Acquisition transition costs                                                             (18,485)         (16,609)
                        Interest and other costs of finance paid                                                  (16,372)          (2,061)
                        Redemption/(purchase) of certificates of deposit                                         407,443        (407,443)
                        Purchase of debt note                                                                  (800,000)                  –
                        Proceeds on divestment of subsidiaries                                                     41,251              163
                        Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                             (8,176)       (18,329)
                        Purchase of shares in associates                                                           (2,750)          (1,750)
                        Proceeds on divestment of other assets                                                        707            3,967
                        Receipt of deferred purchase consideration                                                    351              845
                        Proceeds from divestment of financial assets                                                  580              (110)
                        Payments for property and equipment                                                       (26,199)          (9,341)
                        Amounts (advanced to)/borrowed from other entities                                              47             (114)
                        Payments for intangible assets                                                             (3,775)          (1,289)
                        Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities                                     (414,692)       (442,905)
                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Borrowings repaid                                                                      (240,619)         (207,424)
                        Drawdown of borrowings                                                                 670,000                  –
                        Purchase of treasury shares                                                               (7,914)          (2,876)
                        Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                  –         539,264
                        Transaction costs of issuing new shares                                                        –           (8,452)
                        Capital return to non-controlling interest                                                (1,201)               –
                        Dividends paid:
                        – members of the Company                                                               (184,055)        (175,645)
                        – non-controlling members of subsidiary entities                                          (6,947)          (4,593)
                        Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities                                     229,264          140,274
                        Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                     (13,245)        (86,243)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                      125,619          211,881
                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                 31               (19)
                        Reclassification to assets held for sale                                                 (14,963)                –
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                                             97,442         125,619
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 74 to 130.		                                          73
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Section 1 – Financial instruments and risk management




For personal use only
                        The IOOF Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial and non-financial risks. Financial risks include: market
                        risks (including price risk, currency risk and cash flow and interest rate risk), credit risk, statutory fund and liquidity risk.
                        The nature of the financial risk exposures arising from financial instruments, the objectives, policies and processes for
                        managing these risks, and the methods used to measure them are detailed below. Key non-financial exposures, such
                        as operational risk and a failure to meet regulatory compliance obligations, are discussed in detail in the Operating and
                        Financial Review.



                    1-1 Risk management                                                      Financial risk
                                                                                             The financial risk management objectives, policies and
                    IOOF risk management framework
                                                                                             processes and the quantitative data about the exposure
                    Risk is defined as the chance of an event occurring that will            to risk at the reporting date, as set out in the remainder of
                    have an impact on the strategic or business objectives of                this note, includes the benefit funds and the controlled unit
                    the IOOF Group, including a failure to exploit opportunities.            trusts. The risks associated with financial instruments held
                    The IOOF Group’s risk management process involves the                    by the benefit funds and controlled trusts are borne by the
                    identification of material risks, assessment of consequence              policyholders and members of those funds and trusts, and
                    and likelihood, implementation of controls to manage                     not the shareholders of the IOOF Group. There is no direct
                    risks, and continuous monitoring and improvement of the                  impact on the net profit or the equity of the IOOF Group
                    procedures in place.                                                     as a consequence of changes in markets as they apply to
                    The IOOF Group’s objective is to satisfactorily manage its risks         financial instruments held by those funds and trusts at the
                    in line with the IOOF Group’s Risk Management Policy set by              reporting date.
                    the Board, and this aligns to International Standard ISO 31000.          Similarly the objectives, policies and processes for managing
                    The IOOF Group’s Risk Management Framework manages                       the risks of the IOOF Group are separate and distinct from
                    the risks faced by the IOOF Group, with approaches varying               those for the benefit funds and trusts. The funds and trusts
                    depending on the nature of the risk. The IOOF Group maintains            are managed under extensive regulatory requirements,
                    a framework to ensure regulatory compliance obligations                  and in accordance with specific investment guidelines,
                    are managed in accordance with Australian Standard 3806                  risk management strategies, risk management plans,
                    Compliance Programs. The IOOF Group’s exposure to all                    and product disclosure statements. The IOOF Group is
                    material risks is monitored by the Risk Team and this exposure,          managed under a set of separate corporate policies and
                    and emerging risks, are regularly reported to the Risk and               review processes that are directed toward the interests of
                    Compliance Committee, and the Board.                                     the shareholders of the IOOF Group.
                    The IOOF Group’s income and operating cash flows are                     Information in relation to financial risks associated with
                    indirectly impacted by changing market conditions.                       the benefit funds and controlled trusts is available in their
                    Its exposure is through the impact of market changes on                  Product Disclosure Statements and the individual annual
                    the level of funds under management and administration,                  financial reports of those trusts.
                    and consequently management fee and service fee revenue.
                                                                                             Further information in relation to the Australian Accounting
                    Information has been provided below only on the direct
                                                                                             Standards requirement to consolidate the benefit funds and
                    impact of changing market conditions to the IOOF Group’s
                                                                                             controlled trusts in the consolidated financial statements of the
                    income and operating cash flows.
                                                                                             IOOF Group is available in Note 7-3(b) Basis of consolidation.




           74
                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    (a) Market risk                                                      IOOF Group sensitivity
                                                                                         At 30 June 2019, if interest rates had changed by +/- 100 basis
                    (i) Price risk
                                                                                         points (2018: +/- 100 basis points) from the year-end rates with




For personal use only
                    Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future earnings of
                                                                                         all other variables held constant, post tax profit for the year
                    a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
                                                                                         would have increased/decreased by $2.2 million (2018: $nil).
                    market prices (other than from interest rate risk or currency
                                                                                         Equity would have been higher/lower by the same amount.
                    risk, as described later). The financial instruments managed
                    by the IOOF Group that are impacted by price risk consist of         (b) Credit risk
                    investment units held in trusts and financial assets at fair value
                    through other comprehensive income (OCI).                            Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will fail to meet
                                                                                         its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
                    The price risk associated with the units held in trusts is that      IOOF Group. Credit risk arises for the IOOF Group from cash,
                    the fair value of those units will fluctuate with movements          debt note, receivables and loans.
                    in the redemption value of those units, which in turn is based
                    on the fair value of the underlying assets held by the trusts.       The IOOF Group mitigates its credit risk by ensuring cash
                    Financial assets at fair value through OCI are exposed to price      deposits are held with high credit quality financial institutions
                    risk as the share price fluctuates.                                  and other highly liquid investments are held with trusts
                                                                                         operated by the IOOF Group. Where investments are held
                    IOOF Group sensitivity                                               in units in a trust operated by the IOOF Group, that trust is
                                                                                         subject to the rules of the trust deed and the investment in
                    At 30 June 2019 had the price of the units / shares held by the
                                                                                         underlying assets is subject to asset allocation guidelines.
                    IOOF Group in unlisted unit trusts / shares in other entities
                    increased / decreased by 1% (2018: 1%) with all other variables      Receivables consist of management fees receivable,
                    held constant, gains / losses recorded through profit or loss        service fees receivable and other amounts receivable from
                    would increase / decrease by $6,748,000 (2018: $6,668,000),          related parties. These counterparties generally do not have
                    and financial assets at fair value through OCI reserves would        an independent credit rating, and the IOOF Group assesses
                    increase / decrease by $291,000 (2018: $236,000).                    the credit quality of the debtor taking into account its
                                                                                         financial position, past experience with the debtor, and other
                    (ii) Currency risk                                                   available credit risk information. In relation to management
                    The IOOF Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk in                fees receivable, the IOOF Group is contractually entitled
                    relation to the financial instruments of its foreign activities in   to deduct such fees from investors’ account balances,
                    New Zealand and Hong Kong is immaterial.                             in accordance with the Product Disclosure Statements,
                                                                                         and pass the fees to the Responsible Entity or Trustee.
                    (iii) Cash flow and interest rate risk                               Due to this pass-through process the embedded credit
                    Interest rate risk is the risk to the IOOF Group’s earnings          risk is considered minimal. Other receivables are regularly
                    and capital arising from changes in market interest rates.           monitored by line management.
                    The financial instruments held that are impacted by interest
                                                                                         The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date
                    rate risk consist of cash, loans, and borrowings.
                                                                                         is the carrying value of the financial assets as summarised
                    Short and long-term investment mixes and loans to related            in the table included in this note below. The IOOF Group
                    entities are influenced by liquidity policy requirements.            does not hold any significant collateral as security over its
                    Interest rates (both charged and received) are based on market       receivables and loans, apart from its recourse to certain shares
                    rates, and are closely monitored by management. They are             in subsidiaries in relation to loans to executives of subsidiaries.
                    primarily at variable rates of interest, and expose the IOOF         The Company has a concentration of credit risk to ANZ for the
                    Group to cash flow interest rate risk.                               value of the debt note ($800m).

                    Management regularly assesses the appropriateness of
                    the investment of surplus funds with the objective of
                    maximising returns.




                                                                                                                                                                75
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Expected credit loss assessment                                      (c) Statutory Fund Risk
                    As at 30 June 2019, $2,873,000 trade receivables of the IOOF Group   Financial risks are monitored and controlled by selecting
                    were past due but not impaired (2018: $2,671,000). The amount        appropriate assets to back policy liabilities. The assets




For personal use only
                    of the impairment provision was $585,000 (2018: $607,000).           are regularly monitored by the Investment Management
                    Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing        Committee to ensure there are no material exposures and
                    basis. Debts which are known to be uncollectible are written         that liability mismatching issues and other risks such as
                    off by reducing the carrying amount directly. In relation to the     liquidity risk and credit risk are maintained within acceptable
                    impairment of financial assets, AASB 9 requires an expected          limits. The Investment Management Committee is chaired
                    credit loss model as opposed to an incurred credit loss model        by an independent expert and its membership is drawn
                    under AASB 139. The expected credit loss model requires the          from appropriately skilled senior management. There are
                    Group to account for expected credit losses and changes in           no Non-Executive Directors on this Committee.
                    those expected credit losses at each reporting date to reflect       The IOOF Group’s friendly society operations are subject to
                    changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial    regulatory capital requirements which prescribe the amount
                    assets. In other words, it is no longer necessary for a credit       of capital to be held depending on the type, quality and
                    event to have occurred before credit losses are recognised.          concentration of investments held. Procedures are in place
                    Credit risk assessments are performed based on data that is          to monitor compliance with these requirements. Refer to
                    determined to be predictive of the risk of loss and applying         Section 5 – Statutory funds for further details.
                    experienced credit judgement. Expected credit losses are a
                    probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses        These funds are not available to shareholders. Balances relating
                    are measured as the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e.       to statutory funds in the table below are disclosed inclusive
                    the difference between the cash flows due to the entity              of amounts collected/receivable from or paid/payable to
                    in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that              IOOF Group entities.
                    the Group expects to receive). Expected credit losses are
                                                                                         (d) Liquidity risk
                    discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.
                    Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost      Liquidity risk relates to the IOOF Group having insufficient
                    are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the assets.           liquid assets to cover current liabilities and unforeseen
                                                                                         expenses. The IOOF Group maintains a prudent approach to
                    The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in profit or
                                                                                         managing liquidity risk exposure by maintaining sufficient
                    loss within other expenses. When a trade receivable for which
                                                                                         liquid assets and an ability to access a committed line of credit.
                    an impairment allowance has been recognised becomes
                                                                                         It is managed by continuously monitoring actual and forecast
                    uncollectible in a subsequent year, it is written off against the
                                                                                         cash flows and by matching the maturity profiles of financial
                    allowance account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously
                                                                                         assets and liabilities. Temporary surplus funds are invested in
                    written off are credited against other expenses in profit or loss.
                                                                                         highly liquid, low risk financial assets.
                        Movements in the provisions           2019            2018**     The IOOF Group had access to undrawn bank borrowing
                        for impairment of trade
                        receivables are as follows:                                      facilities at the balance date, on the terms described
                                                              $’000           $’000      and disclosed in section 3-2 Borrowings. The liquidity
                                                                                         requirements for licensed entities in the IOOF Group are
                        Carrying value at 1 July                607             585
                                                                                         regularly reviewed and carefully monitored in accordance
                        Provision for impairment                (22)             22
                        provided/(written back)                                          with those licence requirements.
                        during the year
                                                                                         Maturities of financial liabilities
                        Carrying value at 30 June               585             607
                                                                                         The following tables analyse the IOOF Group’s financial
                        Ageing of trade receivables
                        that were not impaired at                                        liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the
                        30 June                                                          remaining years at the balance date to the contractual
                        Neither past due nor impaired        45,950          49,390      maturity date. The amounts disclosed therein are the
                        Past due 31-60 days                   1,402             665      contractual undiscounted cash flows.
                        Past due 61-90 days                     468              511
                        Past due 91-120 days                  1,003            1,495
                                                            48,823           52,061
                        Trade receivables past due            2,873           2,671
                        but not impaired

          76
                                                                                                                                        IOOF | annual report 2019




                        2019                                                  Carrying Amount                              Contractual cash flows
                                                                       Current        Non-           Total       1 year    1-5 years    5+ years         Total
                                                                                    Current                      or less




For personal use only
                                                                         $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000         $’000       $’000         $’000
                        Financial liabilities
                         Payables – corporate                           86,360               –      86,360       86,360            –            –       86,360
                         Payables – statutory                             3,875              –       3,875        3,875            –            –        3,875
                        Total payables                                  90,235               –      90,235       90,235            –            –       90,235
                        Ex-ANZ ADG remediation provision                 24,116     144,694        168,810       24,116       96,463      48,231       168,810
                        – corporate
                        IOOF adviser remediation provision               31,881     191,284        223,165       31,881      127,523       63,761      223,165
                        – corporate
                        Other financial liabilities – corporate
                         Ex-ANZ ADG remediation settlements               2,073      12,437         14,510        2,073        8,291        4,146       14,510
                         liability
                         Contingent consideration                          837               –         837          837            –            –          837
                        Other financial liabilities – statutory
                         Insurance contract liabilities                202,434               –     202,434      202,434            –            –      202,434
                         Investment contract liabilities               820,337               –     820,337      820,337            –            –      820,337
                        Total other financial liabilities             1,025,681      12,437       1,038,118   1,025,681        8,291        4,146     1,038,118
                        Borrowings – corporate                                –     426,503        426,503            –      426,503            –      426,503
                                                                      1,171,912     774,919 1,946,8311        1,171,912     658,780      116,139    1,946,831
                        Financial assets available to meet the above financial liabilities
                        Financial assets at amortised cost
                         Cash – corporate                                91,687              –      91,687       91,687            –            –       91,687
                         Cash – statutory                                 5,755              –       5,755        5,755            –            –        5,755
                        Total cash                                       97,442              –      97,442       97,442            –            –       97,442
                        Receivables – corporate
                         Trade receivables                              46,260               –      46,260       46,260            –            –       46,260
                         Other receivables                               59,095         681         59,776       59,095          681            –       59,776
                         Ex-ANZ ADG remediation                          26,189      157,131       183,320       26,189      104,754      52,377       183,320
                         indemnity
                         Security bonds                                       –         250            250            –            –         250           250
                        Receivables – statutory
                         Trade receivables                                1,978              –       1,978        1,978            –            –         1,978
                         Other receivables                              10,540               –      10,540       10,540            –            –       10,540
                         Dividends and distributions receivable          26,567              –      26,567       26,567            –            –       26,567
                        Total receivables                               170,629     158,062        328,691      170,629      105,435      52,627       328,691
                        Fair value through profit or loss
                         Debt note – corporate                         800,000               –    800,000      800,000             –            –     800,000
                        Other financial assets
                        Fair value through profit or loss
                         Unlisted unit trusts – corporate                     –         641            641            –          641            –          641
                         Unlisted unit trusts – statutory              963,373               –     963,373      963,373            –            –      963,373
                        Equity investments at FVOCI – corporate               –      41,627         41,627            –            –       41,627       41,627
                        Loans and other receivables
                         Loans to directors and executives of                 –       7,298          7,298            –            –        7,298        7,298
                         associated entities – corporate
                         Loans to policyholders – statutory              34,198              –      34,198       34,198            –            –       34,198
                        Total other financial assets                    997,571      49,566       1,047,137     997,571          641      48,925      1,047,137
                                                                     2,065,642      207,628      2,273,270    2,065,642     106,076      101,552    2,273,270
                        Net financial assets/(liabilities)             893,729     (567,290)      326,439      893,729      (552,704)    (14,586)     326,439
                                                                                                                                                                    77
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                        2018**                                                Carrying Amount                             Contractual cash flows
                                                                       Current        Non-           Total      1 year    1-5 years    5+ years        Total
                                                                                    Current                     or less




For personal use only
                                                                         $’000        $’000         $’000       $’000         $’000       $’000       $’000
                        Financial liabilities
                         Payables – corporate                            65,136              3      65,139      65,136            3           –       65,139
                         Payables – statutory                             9,955              –       9,955       9,955            –           –        9,955
                        Total payables                                   75,091              3     75,094       75,091            3           –      75,094
                        Other financial liabilities – corporate
                         Contingent consideration                          392               –        392          392            –           –         392
                        Other financial liabilities – statutory
                         Insurance contract liabilities                240,379               –    240,379      240,379            –           –     240,379
                         Investment contract liabilities                774,502              –     774,502     774,502            –           –      774,502
                        Total other financial liabilities             1,015,273              –   1,015,273   1,015,273            –           –    1,015,273
                                                                      1,090,364              3   1,090,367   1,090,364            3           –    1,090,367
                        Financial assets available to meet the above financial liabilities
                        Financial assets at amortised cost
                         Cash – corporate                               121,441              –     121,441     121,441            –           –      121,441
                         Cash – statutory                                 4,178              –       4,178       4,178            –           –        4,178
                        Total cash                                      125,619              –     125,619     125,619            –           –      125,619
                        Certificates of deposit – corporate             407,443              –     407,443     407,443            –           –      407,443
                        Receivables – corporate
                         Trade receivables                              48,049               –     48,049       48,049            –           –      48,049
                         Other receivables                              50,465          757         51,222      50,465          757           –       51,222
                         Security bonds                                       –       5,392          5,392           –            –       5,392        5,392
                        Receivables – statutory
                         Trade receivables                                3,405              –       3,405       3,405            –           –        3,405
                         Other receivables                                4,434              –       4,434       4,434            –           –        4,434
                         Dividends and distributions receivable          41,851              –      41,851      41,851            –           –       41,851
                        Total receivables                              148,204        6,149        154,353     148,204          757       5,392      154,353
                        Fair value through profit or loss
                         Shares in listed companies                          18              –         18           18            –           –          18
                         Unlisted unit trusts – corporate                     –         768           768            –          768           –         768
                         Unlisted unit trusts – statutory               951,855              –     951,855     951,855            –           –      951,855
                        Equity investments at FVOCI – corporate               –      33,739         33,739           –            –      33,739       33,739
                        Loans and other receivables
                         Loans to directors and executives of                 –       8,404         8,404            –            –       8,404       8,404
                         associated entities – corporate
                         Loans to policyholders – statutory              30,767              –      30,767      30,767            –           –       30,767
                        Total other financial assets                   982,640       42,911      1,025,551    982,640           768      42,143    1,025,551
                                                                     1,663,906       49,060      1,712,966   1,663,906        1,525      47,535    1,712,966
                        Net financial assets/(liabilities)             573,542       49,057       622,599     573,542         1,522      47,535     622,599




          78
                                                                                                                                      IOOF | annual report 2019




                    (e) Accounting policies and fair value estimation                      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                    The fair values of financial assets and liabilities are equal to the   A financial asset is classified as at fair value through profit or
                    carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial position.         loss if the IOOF Group manages such investments and makes




For personal use only
                                                                                           purchase and sale decisions in accordance with the IOOF
                    Offsetting assets and liabilities                                      Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy.
                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount         Upon initial recognition attributable transaction costs are
                    presented in the statement of financial position when,                 recognised in profit or loss when incurred. Financial assets
                    and only when, the IOOF Group has a legal right to offset the          at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value,
                    amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise      and changes therein are recognised in profit or loss.
                    the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
                                                                                           Units in unlisted trusts are carried at the current unit price
                    Financial assets                                                       for redemption of those units with the trust.

                    The IOOF Group initially recognises loans and receivables and          The fair value of financial instruments traded in active
                    deposits on the date that they are originated. All other financial     markets is based on quoted market prices at the reporting
                    assets (including assets designated at fair value through              date. The quoted market price used for financial assets is
                    profit or loss) are recognised initially on the date at which the      the closing price.
                    IOOF Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions
                    of the instrument.
                                                                                           Equity investments at FVOCI
                                                                                           Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive
                    The IOOF Group derecognises a financial asset when the
                                                                                           income are non-derivative assets comprising principally
                    contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire,
                                                                                           marketable equity securities that are either designated in this
                    or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows
                                                                                           category or are not classified in any of the other categories of
                    on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially
                                                                                           financial instruments.
                    all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset
                    are transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets that     Equity investments at FVOCI are recognised initially at
                    is created or retained by the IOOF Group is recognised as              fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs.
                    a separate asset or liability.                                         Dividends are recognised in profit or loss unless it clearly
                                                                                           represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
                    The IOOF Group has the following financial assets:
                                                                                           Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are
                    • cash;
                                                                                           never reclassified to profit or loss.
                    • debt note;
                    • financial assets at fair value through profit or loss;               Loans and receivables
                    • available-for-sale financial assets; and                             Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets
                    • loans and receivables.                                               with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted on
                                                                                           an active market. They arise when the IOOF Group provides
                    Cash                                                                   money, assets, or services directly to a debtor with no intention
                                                                                           of selling the receivable. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                    Cash includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial
                                                                                           loans and receivables are measured at amortised cost using
                    institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with
                                                                                           the effective interest method if it is held to collect contractual
                    original maturities of three months or less that are readily
                                                                                           cash flows and its contractual terms give rise to cash flows that
                    convertible to known amounts of cash.
                                                                                           are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
                    Debt note                                                              amount outstanding.

                    The debt note is initially recognised at cost, and subsequently        Certificates of deposit
                    revalued to fair value at balance date. The debt note is
                                                                                           Certificates of deposit held during the current year and in the
                    valued via a discounted cash flow, which incorporates
                                                                                           prior year include deposits with original maturities of more
                    unobservable inputs such as discount rates, counterparty
                                                                                           than three months.
                    credit, and probability-adjusted revenues expected to be
                    received under the arrangement.




                                                                                                                                                                  79
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Financial liabilities                                                    Policy liabilities have been determined in accordance with
                    The IOOF Group initially recognises financial liabilities on             applicable accounting standards. Policy liabilities for life
                    the date at which the IOOF Group becomes a party to the                  insurance contracts are valued in accordance with AASB 1038,




For personal use only
                    contractual provisions of the instrument. The IOOF Group                 whereas life investment contracts are valued in accordance
                    derecognises a financial liability when its contractual                  with AASB 139 and AASB 118. There are differences between
                    obligations are discharged, cancelled or expire.                         the valuation requirements of the accounting standards and
                                                                                             those of the Life Insurance Act 1995.
                    The IOOF Group has the following non-derivative
                    financial liabilities:                                                   Assets relating to statutory funds
                    • payables;                                                              The IOOF Group has determined that all financial assets held
                    • borrowings (including finance leases); and                             within its reported statutory funds (including the benefit funds
                    • other financial liabilities.                                           which are treated as statutory funds) represent the assets
                                                                                             backing policy liabilities and are measured at fair value through
                    Such financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus
                                                                                             profit or loss. Other than loans and receivables held by the
                    any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
                                                                                             IOOF Group and its controlled entities, assets backing policy
                    recognition these financial liabilities are measured at amortised
                                                                                             liabilities have been designated at fair value through profit
                    cost using the effective interest method.
                                                                                             or loss as the assets are managed on a fair value basis.
                    Payables                                                                 Liabilities relating to statutory funds
                    The carrying value of payables are assumed to approximate
                                                                                             Policy liabilities have been determined in accordance with
                    their fair values due to their short-term nature.
                                                                                             applicable accounting standards. Policy liabilities for life
                                                                                             insurance contracts are valued in accordance with AASB 1038,
                    Borrowings and finance leases
                                                                                             whereas life investment contracts are valued in accordance
                    Borrowings and finance leases are further explained in section           with AASB 139 and AASB 118. There are differences between
                    3-2 Borrowings.                                                          the valuation requirements of the accounting standards and
                                                                                             those of the Life Insurance Act 1995.
                    Contingent consideration
                    The contingent consideration amounts payable can rise and                Contract classification
                    fall depending on performance hurdles achieved during                    The accounting treatment of certain transactions varies
                    the deferral period specific to each agreement which may                 depending on the nature of the contract underlying the
                    include revenue targets, gross margin targets and/or FUMAS               transaction. The major contract classifications are insurance
                    retention requirements.                                                  contracts and investment contracts.

                    Where contingent consideration is due for payment after                  (i) Insurance contracts
                    12 months, the estimated amounts payable are discounted.
                    Assumptions used include pre-tax discount rates in the range             Insurance contracts with a discretionary participation
                    of 3-4% which were based on market interest rates upon                   feature (’DPF’) are those containing significant insurance
                    acquisition of related intangibles.                                      risk at the inception of the contract, or those where at the
                                                                                             inception of the contract there is a scenario with commercial
                    Assets and liabilities relating to statutory funds                       substance where the level of insurance risk may be significant.
                                                                                             The significance of insurance risk is dependent on both
                    Assets held in the Statutory Funds (including the Benefit
                                                                                             the probability of an insured event and the magnitude
                    Funds) are subject to the distribution and transfer restrictions
                                                                                             of its potential effect. Life insurance contract liabilities are
                    and other requirements of the Life Insurance Act 1995. Monies
                                                                                             calculated in accordance with actuarial standards.
                    held in the benefit funds and controlled trusts are held for the
                    benefit of the members of those funds, and are subject to the            Once a contract has been classified as an insurance contract,
                    constitution and rules of those funds.                                   it remains an insurance contract for the remainder of its
                                                                                             lifetime, even if the insurance risk reduces significantly
                    Accordingly, with the exception of permitted profit
                                                                                             during the year.
                    distributions, the investments held in the statutory funds
                    are not available for use by other parties of the IOOF Group.




          80
                                                                                                                                        IOOF | annual report 2019




                    (ii) Investment contracts                                                 Deposits collected and withdrawals processed for investment
                                                                                              contracts without DPF are accounted for directly through
                    Contracts not considered insurance contracts are classified
                                                                                              the statement of financial position as a movement in the
                    as investment contracts. The accounting treatment of




For personal use only
                                                                                              investment contract liability. Distributions on these contracts
                    investment contracts depends on whether the investment has
                                                                                              are charged to profit or loss as an expense.
                    a discretionary participation feature (’DPF’). A DPF represents
                    a contractual right to receive, as a supplement to guaranteed             Where contracts contain both an investment component and
                    benefits, additional benefits that are:                                   an insurance component and the deposit component can be
                    • likely to be a significant portion of the total benefits;               separately measured, the underlying amounts are unbundled.
                                                                                              Premiums relating to the insurance component are accounted
                    • distributed at the discretion of the insurer; and
                                                                                              for through profit or loss and the investment component is
                    • are based on the performance of a specified pool of assets.             accounted for as a deposit through the statement of financial
                    Deposits collected and benefits paid under investment                     position as described above.
                    contracts with DPF are accounted for through profit or loss.
                    The gross change in the liability to these policyholders for
                    the year, which includes any participating benefits vested
                    in policyholders and any undistributed surplus attributed
                    to policyholders, is also recognised in profit or loss.


                    1-2 Financial instruments
                    Fair value hierarchy
                    The fair values of financial assets and liabilities are equal to the carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial position.
                    The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method.

                                                                                                     Level 1          Level 2         Level 3              Total
                        30 June 2019                                                                   $’000           $’000            $’000
                        Financial assets measured at fair value
                        FVOCI                                                                         41,627                –                –            41,627
                        Unlisted unit trusts                                                               –         964,014                 –         964,014
                        Debt note                                                                          –                –         800,000         800,000
                                                                                                      41,627         964,014         800,000        1,805,641
                        Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                        Contingent consideration                                                           –                –             837               837
                                                                                                           –                –             837               837
                        30 June 2018
                        Financial assets measured at fair value
                        FVOCI                                                                         33,739                –                –            33,739
                        Shares in listed companies                                                        18                –               –                18
                        Unlisted unit trusts                                                               –         952,623                 –         952,623
                                                                                                      33,757         952,623                 –        986,380
                        Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                        Contingent consideration                                                           –                –             392               392
                                                                                                           –                –             392               392




                                                                                                                                                                    81
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    The definitions of each level and the valuation techniques used are as follows:
                    • Level 1: quoted closing prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                    • Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included with Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly




For personal use only
                          (ie. as prices) or indirectly (ie. derived from prices). Level 2 fair values for the over-the-counter foreign exchange and index swap are
                          provided by the counterparty and verified by the IOOF Group. Fair values are derived from published market indices and include
                          adjustments to take account of the credit risk of the IOOF Group entity and counterparty.
                    • Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
                    The IOOF Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting year during
                    which the transfer has occurred. There were no transfers between Level 1 to Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the year
                    ended 30 June 2019.

                        Reconciliation of movements in level 3 financial liabilities                        Debt note                Contingent consideration
                                                                                                           2019             2018            2019             2018
                                                                                                          $’000            $’000           $’000            $’000
                        Opening balance as at 1 July                                                           –               –              392            1,839
                         Issuance of debt note                                                          800,000                –                –                –
                         Fair value gain from derecognition of contingent consideration                        –               –                –            (805)
                         payable
                         Take up of deferred consideration liability                                           –               –            2,907                –
                         Unwinding of discount                                                                 –               –                8              22
                         Settlement of contingent consideration                                                –               –           (2,470)           (664)
                        Closing balance as at 30 June                                                  800,000                 –             837              392

                    Level 3 financial assets consist of a debt note carried at fair value. The debt note is valued via a discounted cash flow, which
                    incorporates unobservable inputs such as discount rates, counterparty credit, and probability-adjusted revenues expected to be
                    received under the arrangement. An increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a decrease to the fair value of the
                    debt note. An increase in the probability adjusted revenues in isolation would result in an increase in the fair value of the debt note.

                    Level 3 financial liabilities consist of deferred purchase consideration in respect of client lists purchased by the IOOF Group, which is
                    valued at the maximum deferred consideration amount payable under the relevant contracts. The amount of deferred consideration
                    payable is linked to the retention of clients, which is an unobservable output and may decrease the value of the liability.




          82
                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Section 2 – Results for the year

                        This section focuses on the results and performance of the IOOF Group. On the following pages you will find disclosures




For personal use only
                        explaining the IOOF Group’s results for the year, segmental information, taxation and earnings per share.

                        Where an accounting policy is specific to a single note, the policy is described in the note to which it relates.


                    2-1 Operating segments                                                 Ex-ANZ wealth management
                    The IOOF Group has the following five strategic divisions,             Aligned Dealer Groups (ADGs) acquired from ANZ during the
                    which are its reportable segments. All segments’ operating             period, which provide financial planning advice services. This is
                    results are regularly reviewed by the IOOF Group’s Chief               also inclusive of the debt note revenue which represented
                    Executive Officer to make decisions about resources to be              proportionate economic contribution from the P&I business.
                    allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and
                    for which discrete financial information is available.                 Corporate and other
                                                                                           Corporate and other costs include those of a strategic,
                    Financial advice and distribution                                      shareholder or governance nature incurred in carrying on
                    The provision of financial planning advice and stockbroking            business as a listed entity managing multiple business units.
                    services supported by services such as investment research,
                                                                                           Information regarding the results of each reportable segment
                    training, compliance support and access to financial products.
                                                                                           (excluding the benefit funds) is included below. Performance is
                                                                                           measured based on segment underlying profit before income
                    Portfolio and estate administration
                                                                                           tax as management believes that such information is the most
                    The provision of administration and management services                relevant in evaluating the results of certain segments relative
                    through master trust platforms, which offer a single access            to other entities that operate within these industries.
                    point to a range of investment products.

                    Investment management
                    The management and investment of monies on behalf of
                    corporate, superannuation, institutional clients and private
                    individual investor clients.




                                                                                                                                                                83
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                 Financial advice            Portfolio             Investment           Ex-ANZ wealth           Corporate and                Total
                                                 and distribution           and estate            management            management                  other
                                                                          administration




For personal use only
                                                   2019        2018        2019       2018        2019        2018       2019 ii     2018        2019       2018        2019        2018
                                                  $’000       $’000       $’000      $’000       $’000       $’000      $’000       $’000       $’000      $’000       $’000       $’000
                         Management              286,117 228,808 403,482             409,118     95,694     70,968 145,861                –           –          –    931,154 708,894
                         and service fees
                         revenue
                         External other           15,690      15,272       8,427       8,735      7,049       2,427      6,290            –        353         407     37,809      26,841
                         fee revenue
                         Service fees and       (195,446) (121,806) (98,197) (108,958) (36,696)              (8,542) (139,650)            –        401        384 (469,588) (238,922)
                         other direct costs
                         Deferred                     (18)       (179)      (155)       (141)          –           –          –           –           –          –        (173)       (320)
                         acquisition costs
                         Gross Margin            106,343 122,095 313,557 308,754                 66,047     64,853      12,501            –        754         791 499,202 496,493
                         Stockbroking              4,508       4,349            –          –           –           –         38           –           –          –      4,546        4,349
                         revenue
                         Stockbroking              (1,285)     (1,249)          –          –           –           –          –           –           –          –      (1,285)      (1,249)
                         service fees
                         expense
                         Stockbroking net          3,223       3,100            –          –           –           –         38           –           –          –       3,261       3,100
                         contribution
                         Inter-segment            84,455      76,764       2,689       2,861           –           –          –           –        137         137     87,281      79,762
                         revenuei
                         Inter-segment             (2,123)     (2,352) (82,255) (74,438)          (2,903)    (2,972)          –           –           –          –     (87,281) (79,762)
                         expensesi
                         Net Operating           191,898 199,607 233,991             237,177     63,144      61,881     12,539            –        891         928 502,463 499,593
                         Revenue
                         Other revenue              3,976       3,126           –         75           –           –     6,204            –        756       2,054     10,936        5,255
                         Finance income              146         140            5          3           –           –    72,377            –      5,916       9,812     78,444        9,955
                         Inter-segment                  –           8           –          –           –           –          –           –           –          –           –           8
                         revenuei
                         Share of profits              31        713            –          –        956       1,811           (1)         –           –          –        986        2,524
                         of associates
                         Operating              (108,185) (109,175) (108,932) (104,927) (10,698)            (11,376) (41,725)             –    (39,048) (39,025) (308,588) (264,503)
                         expenditure
                         Share-based               (1,749)     (1,263)     (1,903)      (409)     (1,146)        (95)        (14)         –         15        (961)     (4,797)    (2,728)
                         payments expense
                         Finance costs                (18)        (32)          –          –           –           –        (49)          –    (12,817)     (2,071) (12,884)         (2,103)
                         Inter-segment                  –           –           –          (8)         –           –          –           –           –          –           –           (8)
                         expensesi
                         Depreciation              (2,607)     (2,314)    (5,082)     (4,146)       (653)      (526)        (56)          –           –          –      (8,398)    (6,986)
                         of property &
                         equipment
                         Amortisation of                –           –       (715)       (524)          –           –          –           –           –          –        (715)       (524)
                         intangible assets
                         – IT Development
                         Non-controlling               45          49           –          –           –           –        134           –           –          –         179          49
                         interest
                         Income tax              (25,388) (27,360) (35,885) (38,450) (15,538) (14,993) (13,820)                           –     17,949      16,018    (72,682) (64,785)
                         expense
                         UNPAT from               58,149      63,499      81,479     88,791      36,065      36,702     35,589            –    (26,338) (13,245) 184,944          175,747
                         continuing
                         operations
                         Discontinued operations                                                                                                                       13,045      15,670
                         UNPAT                                                                                                                                        197,989 191,417
                    i      Segment revenues, expenses and results include transfers between segments. Such transfers are priced on a commercial basis and are eliminated on consolidation.
                    ii     For the period 1 October 2018 to 30 June 2019.

                    Segment disclosures have been prepared on an underlying (UNPAT) basis as discussed in the Operating and Financial Review section
          84        of the Directors’ Report. Comparatives have been restated to be on a comparable basis.
                                                                                                                                     IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Reconciliation of reportable segment revenues and expenses
                                                                                                                      Note            2019             2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     $’000            $’000
                        Profit attributable to Owners of the Company                                                                28,560          88,301
                        Discontinued operations                                                                         2-2         (70,682)          17,106
                        Profit/(Loss) from continuing operations attributable to Owners of the Company                              (42,122)       105,407
                        Underlying net profit after tax pre-amortisation (UNPAT) adjustments:
                        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                               2-4          37,651          37,378
                        Acquisition costs – Acquisition advisory                                                        2-4           2,488           5,367
                        Acquisition costs – Integration preparation                                                     2-4          20,766           4,973
                        Acquisition costs – Finance costs                                                               2-4             416           6,725
                        Onerous contracts                                                                               2-4               –           2,345
                        Termination payments                                                                            2-4           2,043           2,033
                        Profit on divestment of assets                                                                  2-3            (368)          (2,786)
                        Non-recurring professional fees (recovered)/paid                                                2-4           2,027            (902)
                        Impairment of goodwill and related investment                                                   2-4          13,920          28,339
                        Unwind of deferred tax liability recorded on intangible assets                                              (10,200)         (10,195)
                        IOOF ADG remediation costs                                                                      2-4        235,278                  –
                        Other                                                                                           2-4            875            1,244
                        Income tax attributable                                                                                     (77,829)          (4,181)
                        UNPAT from continuing operations                                                                           184,944          175,747
                        UNPAT from discontinued operations                                                                           13,045          15,670
                        UNPAT                                                                                                      197,989          191,417



                           The significant accounting policies which apply to the major revenue and expense items below follow each of the notes.
                           More general information on how these are recognised/measured can be found in note 7-2 Basis of preparation.


                    2-2 Discontinued operations
                    (a) Divestment of AET Corporate Trust business
                    On 1 November 2018, the IOOF Group completed the divestment of the AET Corporate Trust business to Sargon Capital Pty Ltd
                    (Sargon) for an upfront consideration of $41.3m and a deferred component of $10.3m dependent on the novation of certain contract
                    revenue to Sargon. An additional $1.6m consideration relating to a net asset adjustment was received in January 2019. At 30 June 2019,
                    the deferred consideration has been written back as it is considered unlikely that the performance hurdles will be met and
                    the deferred consideration will be received.

                    The recovery of legal claims relates to recoveries as a result of agreed settlements with PwC, HLB Mann Judd, IOOF’s insurers and
                    insurance broker, in respect of the cross-claims brought by Australian Executor Trustees Limited against those parties as part of the
                    proceedings related to Provident Capital Limited. Settlement of legal claims expenditure of $44.3m was recognised in June 2018
                    in relation to the Provident proceedings.

                    (b) Divestment of Ord Minnett business
                    On 27 June 2019, the Directors announced the divestment of the Group’s 70% holding in Ord Minnett Holdings Pty Ltd (Ord Minnett).
                    The disposal is consistent with the Group’s long-term strategy to focus on its core wealth management capabilities. The Group
                    entered into a contract with a consortium of private investors led by current Ord Minnett management to dispose of its stake in
                    Ord Minnett for sale consideration of $115m. The Group expects to recognise a post-tax profit on sale of approximately $83m in
                    respect of the Ord Minnett business upon completion of the transaction. Completion of the sale is expected to occur on or around
                    24 September 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                 85
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    (c) Analysis of profit for the year from discontinued operations
                    Revenue, expenses and associated income tax in the financial statements and notes have been restated to a continuing basis,
                    where applicable, and therefore exclude the below results of the discontinued operation.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                           Year ended      Year ended
                                                                                                                             30 Jun 19       30 Jun 18
                                                                                                                                 $’000             $’000
                        Results of discontinued operations
                        Revenue                                                                                                174,449            161,065
                        Expenses                                                                                               (150,181)          (133,103)
                        Legal settlement recovery/(expense)                                                                     36,000            (44,250)
                        Results from operating activities                                                                       60,268            (16,288)
                        Income tax                                                                                              (18,526)            4,556
                        Results from operating activities, net of tax                                                            41,742            (11,732)
                        Gain on sale of discontinued operation                                                                  48,959                  –
                        Income tax on gain on sale of discontinued operation                                                    (14,993)                –
                        Gain on disposal of discontinued operation, net of tax                                                  33,966                  –
                        Profit for the period                                                                                   75,708             (11,732)
                        Profit for the period attributable to:
                        Owners of the entity                                                                                    70,682             (17,106)
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                                 5,026              5,374
                        Profit for the period                                                                                   75,708             (11,732)
                        Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                 20.1               (5.1)
                        Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                               20.1               (5.1)
                        Cash flows from discontinued operations
                        Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                                                     (29,690)          (16,007)
                        Net cash provided by investing activities                                                               24,027                228
                        Net cash flow for the period                                                                             (5,662)          (15,779)
                        Profit for the period from discontinued operations                                                      70,682            (17,106)
                        Underlying net profit after tax pre-amortisation (UNPAT) adjustments:
                        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                         1,553             2,022
                        Termination payments                                                                                        61                 95
                        Profit on divestment of assets                                                                          (58,959)                –
                        Impairment of non-current assets                                                                        10,329                  –
                        Provident legal settlement/(provision)                                                                 (36,000)            44,250
                        Income tax attributable                                                                                 25,378             (13,591)
                        UNPAT from discontinued operations                                                                      13,045             15,670




          86
                                                                                                                        IOOF | annual report 2019




                    (d) Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations

                    Assets and liabilities of disposal group




For personal use only
                    The net assets of the AET Corporate Trust disposal group at the date of disposal are shown below.

                                                                                                                                     1 Nov 18
                                                                                                                                         $’000
                        Assets
                        Cash                                                                                                             1,605
                        Receivables                                                                                                       3,127
                        Prepayments                                                                                                         53
                        Plant & equipment                                                                                                     5
                        Intangible assets                                                                                                  279
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                                188
                        Total assets                                                                                                     5,257
                        Liabilities
                        Payables                                                                                                           453
                        Provisions                                                                                                         456
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                              4
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                  913
                        Net assets and liabilities                                                                                       4,344
                        Consideration received in cash                                                                                   41,316
                        Income tax paid                                                                                                 (14,993)
                        Cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                                            (1,605)
                        Net cash inflow                                                                                                 24,718




                                                                                                                                                    87
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Assets classified as held for sale
                    The Ord Minnett business has been classified and accounted for at 30 June 2019 as a disposal group held for sale.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     30 Jun 19       30 Jun 18
                                                                                                                                         $’000           $’000
                        Assets related to Ord Minnett business                                                                          52,474                –
                        Liabilities associated with assets held for sale                                                                27,434                –
                        Amounts recognised directly in equity associated with assets held for sale                                           –                –

                    As described above, the Group plans to dispose of its Ord Minnett business and anticipates that the disposal will be completed
                    by 24 September 2019. The Group has entered into an agreement with a consortium of private investors and the directors of the
                    Company expect that the fair value less costs to sell of the business will be higher than the aggregate carrying amount of the related
                    assets and liabilities. Therefore, no impairment loss was recognised on reclassification of the asset and liabilities as held for sale nor as
                    at 30 June 2019. The major classes of assets and liabilities of the Ord Minnett business at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                     30 Jun 19
                                                                                                                                                         $’000
                        Assets
                        Cash                                                                                                                             14,963
                        Receivables                                                                                                                      13,310
                        Current tax asset                                                                                                                   219
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                                               2,623
                        Property, plant & equipment                                                                                                       2,093
                        Other intangible assets                                                                                                           9,555
                        Other assets                                                                                                                      9,711
                        Total assets                                                                                                                     52,474
                        Liabilities
                        Trade payables                                                                                                                    7,546
                        Provisions                                                                                                                       19,573
                        Other liabilities                                                                                                                   315
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                                27,434
                        Net assets of Ord Minnett business attributable to non-controlling interests                                                      (7,512)
                        Net assets of Ord Minnett business classified as held for sale                                                                   17,528




          88
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    2-3 Revenue
                                                                                                                      Policy            2019             2018
                                                                                                                       note




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                       $’000            $’000
                        Management and service fees revenue                                                                (i)        931,154         708,894
                        Stockbroking revenue                                                                               (ii)        4,546            4,349
                        External other fee revenue                                                                         (ii)       37,809           26,841
                        Finance income                                                                                    (iii)
                        Interest income on loans to Directors of associated entities                                                     249              260
                        Interest income from non-related entities                                                                     76,830            8,485
                        Dividends and distributions received                                                                           1,256             1,122
                        Net fair value gains on other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              109               88
                                                                                                                                      78,444            9,955
                        Other revenue
                        Profit on divestment of assets                                                                                   368            2,786
                        Other                                                                                                         10,936            5,255
                                                                                                                                      11,304            8,041
                        Total revenue                                                                                              1,063,257          758,080


                    Accounting policies
                    Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer. The Group recognises revenue when
                    it transfers control over a good or service to a customer.

                    (i) Management and service fees revenue
                    The IOOF Group provides management services to unit trusts and funds operated by the IOOF Group at normal commercial rates.
                    Management and service fees earned from the unit trusts and funds are calculated based on an agreed percentage of the respective
                    funds under management or administration as disclosed in the respective product disclosure statements, and are recognised on
                    an accruals basis.

                    Management and service fees revenue from the provision of financial advisory services together with revenue from the rendering
                    of services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time.

                    (ii) Stockbroking revenue and external other fee revenue
                    Other fee revenue and stockbroking revenue from the rendering of services are recognised as a performance obligation
                    satisfied over time.

                    (iii) Finance income
                    Finance income comprises interest income on funds invested (including financial assets at fair value through OCI), dividend income,
                    gains on the divestment of financial assets at fair value through OCI and changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value
                    through profit or loss. Interest income is recognised as it accrues in profit or loss, using the effective interest method. Dividend income
                    is recognised in profit or loss on the date that the IOOF Group’s right to receive payment is established, which in the case of quoted
                    securities is the ex-dividend date.




                                                                                                                                                                   89
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    2-4 Expenses
                                                                             Policy         2019      2018
                                                                              note




For personal use only
                                                                                           $’000      $’000
                        Service fees and other direct costs                      (i)
                        Service and marketing fees expense                               444,270    219,731
                        Stockbroking service fees expense                                   1,285     1,249
                        Other direct costs                                                 25,318    19,191
                                                                                         470,873    240,171
                        Operating expenditure
                        Salaries and related employee expenses                   (ii)     211,402   187,888
                        Information technology costs                                      36,660     28,249
                        Professional fees                                                   9,748     8,090
                        Marketing                                                          10,607     7,528
                        Office support and administration                                  15,740    10,198
                        Occupancy related expenses                                         18,321    18,005
                        Travel and entertainment                                            6,037     4,507
                        Other                                                                 72        38
                                                                                         308,588    264,503
                        Other expenses
                        Share-based payments expense                            (iii)       4,797     2,728
                        Acquisition costs – Acquisition advisory                           2,488      5,367
                        Acquisition costs – Integration preparation                        20,766     4,973
                        Acquisition costs – Finance costs                                    416      6,725
                        Termination payments                                    (iv)        2,043     2,033
                        Depreciation of property and equipment                              8,398     6,986
                        Amortisation of intangible assets                        (v)       37,651    37,378
                        Amortisation of intangible assets – IT development       (v)         715       524
                        Impairment of goodwill and related investment            (v)       13,920    28,339
                        Deferred acquisition costs                              (vi)         173       320
                        Non-recurring professional fees (recovered)/paid                    2,027      (902)
                        IOOF ADG remediation costs                                       235,278         –
                        Onerous contracts                                                      –      2,345
                        Other                                                                875      1,244
                                                                                         329,547     98,060
                        Total expenses                                                  1,109,007   602,734




          90
                                                                                                                               IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Accounting policies                                                Annual and long service leave benefits
                    Expenses are recognised at the fair value of the consideration     The IOOF Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term
                    paid or payable for services received, further specific expense    employee benefits is the amount of future benefit that




For personal use only
                    policies are listed below:                                         employees have earned in return for their service in the
                                                                                       current and prior years plus related on-costs.
                    (i) Service fees and other direct costs
                                                                                       Liabilities for long-term benefits that are expected to be
                    Service fees and other direct costs include amounts paid
                                                                                       settled beyond 12 months are discounted using rates attaching
                    to advisers, dealer groups and other suppliers in the course
                                                                                       to high quality corporate bonds which most closely match the
                    of operating and marketing products and services of the
                                                                                       terms of maturity of the related liabilities at balance date.
                    IOOF Group. Examples of direct costs include custodian fees,
                    audit services and the printing and mailing of client statements   In determining the liability for employee entitlements,
                    and other communications. The values are recognised at the         consideration is given to future increases in wage and
                    fair value of the consideration paid or payable for the goods      salary rates, experience with employee departures and
                    or services received.                                              years of service.

                    (ii) Salaries and related employee expenses                        Employee defined contribution plan expense
                    These entitlements include salaries, wages, superannuation,        A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan
                    bonuses, overtime, allowances, annual and long service leave,      under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate
                    but exclude share-based payments. The accounting policies          entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay
                    for the four major expense categories under this definition        further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined
                    are as follows.                                                    contribution plans are recognised in profit or loss in the years
                                                                                       during which services are rendered by employees. Prepaid
                    Short-term employee benefits                                       contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that
                    Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured               a cash refund or a reduction in future payments is available.
                    on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related
                    service is provided.
                                                                                       (iii) Share-based payments expense
                                                                                       The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards
                    A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid
                                                                                       granted to employees is recognised as a share-based payment
                    if the IOOF Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
                                                                                       expense, with a corresponding increase in the share-based
                    to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the
                                                                                       payments reserve, over the year that the employees
                    employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
                                                                                       unconditionally become entitled to the awards. The amount
                    Short-term incentive plans                                         recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number
                                                                                       of awards for which the related service and non-market vesting
                    A provision for employee benefits in the form of an incentive      conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount
                    plan is recognised when there is no realistic alternative          ultimately recognised as an expense is based on the number
                    but to settle the liability, and at least one of the following     of awards that meet the related service and non-market
                    conditions is met:                                                 performance conditions at vesting date.
                    • there are formal terms in the plan for determining the
                                                                                       For share-based payment awards with non-vesting conditions,
                        amount of the benefit;
                                                                                       the grant date fair value of the share-based payment is
                    • the amounts to be paid are determined before the time            measured to reflect such conditions and there is no true-up
                        of completion of the financial report; or                      for differences between expected and actual outcomes.
                    • past practice gives clear evidence of the amount
                        of the obligation.




                                                                                                                                                           91
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    The fair value at grant date is independently determined           (vi) Deferred acquisition costs
                    where considered appropriate.                                      Deferred acquisition costs relate to service fees paid, and are
                    Shares held by the IOOF Equity Plan Trust will contribute to       deferred as an asset in recognition that they relate to a future




For personal use only
                    the employee allocation of shares on satisfaction of vesting       economic benefit. Deferred acquisition costs are initially
                    performance hurdles. The IOOF Group has no right to recall         measured at historical cost and are written down immediately
                    placed shares. However, a subsidiary company acts as the           to their recoverable amount if the carrying amount is greater
                    Trustee of the Trust, and can direct the voting rights of shares   than its estimated recoverable amount.
                    held and strategic direction.                                      Deferred acquisition costs are progressively amortised in
                                                                                       profit or loss by a systematic allocation over the years the
                    (iv) Termination payments
                                                                                       future economic benefits are expected to be received.
                    Termination benefits or redundancy costs are recognised as         The amortisation period is between 5 and 7 years.
                    an expense when the IOOF Group is committed demonstrably,
                    without realistic opportunity of withdrawal, to a formal
                    detailed plan without possibility of withdrawal, or providing
                    termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage
                    voluntary redundancy.

                    (v) Amortisation and impairment
                    The value of intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill
                    and brand names with indefinite useful lives, reduces over
                    the number of years the IOOF Group expects to use the
                    asset, the useful economic life, via an annual amortisation
                    charge to profit and loss. The values and useful lives ascribed
                    are reflective of arms-length transactions and independent
                    expert advice thereon.

                    Where there has been a technological change or decline
                    in business performance the Directors review the value
                    of assets to ensure they have not fallen below their carrying
                    value. Should an asset’s value fall below its carrying value an
                    additional one-off impairment charge is made against profit.




          92
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    2-5 Net cash provided by operating activities
                    Cash includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original
                    maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash.




For personal use only
                    This note reconciles the operating profit to the cash provided by operating activities per the cash flow statement.

                                                                                                                                        2019             2018
                                                                                                                                       $’000            $’000
                        Profit for the year                                                                                           33,407           93,626
                        Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                         9,045            7,640
                        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                              39,919          39,924
                        Impairment of goodwill                                                                                         9,490           28,339
                        Impairment of other non-current assets                                                                        14,759                   –
                        Profit on divestment of assets                                                                                   (109)          (2,643)
                        Profit on divestment of subsidiary                                                                            (48,959)                 –
                        Interest and other costs of finance                                                                           12,884             2,103
                        Interest received and receivable                                                                               (5,516)          (9,388)
                        Dividends and distributions received and receivable                                                            (1,238)          (1,115)
                        Dividends received from associates                                                                                358            1,753
                        Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method                                            (986)           (2,524)
                        Share-based payments expense                                                                                   4,828            2,728
                        Acquisition transition costs                                                                                  23,670           17,065
                        Other                                                                                                             (111)          (327)
                        Changes in net operating assets and liabilities:
                         (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                                            (2,422)          (5,788)
                         (Increase)/decrease in other assets                                                                          (13,429)          (1,171)
                         (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets                                                                 (2,243)        (86,287)
                         (Increase)/decrease in deferred acquisition costs                                                                370             361
                         Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                                                2,134           8,695
                         Increase/(decrease) in deferred revenue liabilities                                                             (292)           (387)
                         Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                           190,230           51,464
                         Increase/(decrease) in income tax payable                                                                    (93,418)            (112)
                         Increase/(decrease) in policyholder liabilities                                                                7,889          96,582
                         Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities                                                                         218             (974)
                         Increase/(decrease) in deferred taxes                                                                         (8,295)         (23,176)
                        Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                    172,183         216,388




                                                                                                                                                                   93
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    2-6 Income taxes
                                                                                                                                           2019                2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                           $’000              $’000
                        Current tax expense
                        Current year                                                                                                      65,297             65,995
                        Adjustment for prior years                                                                                              (85)          (3,495)
                        Taxable losses not recognised                                                                                            47               –
                                                                                                                                          65,259             62,500
                        Deferred tax expense
                        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                (80,394)            (11,882)
                        Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the deferred tax of prior years                               (40)           (209)
                        Recognition of tax losses and deferred tax balances                                                                  (172)                –
                                                                                                                                         (80,606)            (12,091)
                        Total income tax (benefit)/expense                                                                               (15,347)            50,409

                        Income tax recognised in other                                 2019                                             2018
                        comprehensive income                                           $’000                                            $’000
                                                                    Before tax      Tax expense       Net of tax       Before tax    Tax expense          Net of tax
                        Financial assets through OCI                      7,888           (2,366)          5,522            8,185          (2,456)            5,729
                        Exchange differences on translating                   (6)              (8)           (14)             (89)               12             (77)
                        foreign operations
                                                                         7,882           (2,374)          5,508            8,096          (2,444)             5,652

                                                                                                                2019                               2018
                                                                                                              %            $’000                 %            $’000
                        Reconciliation of effective tax rate
                        Profit/(Loss) before tax                                                                          (57,648)                          155,767
                        Tax using the IOOF Group’s domestic tax rate                                        30.0          (17,294)          30.0             46,730
                        Tax effect of:
                        Share of tax credits with statutory funds                                            (1.7)           982                0.7            1,032
                        (Non assessable income)/Non-deductible expenses                                       0.1             (61)              (0.3)          (506)
                        Impairment of goodwill                                                               (4.9)          2,847               5.5           8,502
                        Share of profits of associates                                                       0.5             (296)              (0.5)          (757)
                        Assessable associate and subsidiary dividends                                        (0.3)           201                0.4             583
                        Revenue loss not recognised                                                          (0.1)            47                  –               –
                        Imputation credits                                                                   0.9             (517)              (0.6)          (859)
                        Recognition of deferred tax balances                                                 0.3             (172)                –               –
                        Other                                                                                 1.7            (959)              (0.4)           (612)
                        Under/(over) provided in prior years                                                 0.2             (125)              (2.4)         (3,704)
                                                                                                            26.6          (15,347)          32.4             50,409

                    For statutory reporting purposes, the Group had an effective tax rate of 26.6% on its continuing operations for the year ended
                    30 June 2019 (2018: 32.4%) compared to a statutory corporate tax rate of 30%. This rate difference is primarily due to impairment
                    of goodwill, impairment of investment in associates, research and development (R&D) tax offsets and tax offsets for fully franked
                    dividend income. For the year ended 30 June 2018, the rate difference was primarily due to impairment of goodwill, research and
                    development (R&D) tax offsets, tax offsets for fully franked dividend income, prior period amendments and non-deductible subsidiary
                    acquisition costs. Excluding these items the IOOF Group’s effective tax rate would be 30% across both periods. The effective tax rate
                    for New Zealand and Hong Kong operations was 25.4%, and 5.4% respectively for the year ended 30 June 2019 (2018: 28.7% and
                    11.8% respectively).
          94
                                                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                                                                                                                                                                     2019                2018
                                                                                                                                                                    $’000               $’000
                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities




For personal use only
                        Deferred tax asset balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                        Salaries and related employee expenses                                                                                                      17,758             20,234
                        Provisions, accruals and creditors                                                                                                        121,625               17,690
                        Carry forward capital and revenue losses                                                                                                        94                  97
                        Capital gains on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                                    9,679                    –
                        Property and equipment                                                                                                                        964                     –
                        Other                                                                                                                                       2,056                3,067
                        Deferred tax asset balance as at 30 June                                                                                                  152,177              41,088
                        Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                                                                       (152,177)             (41,088)
                        Net deferred tax asset balance as at 30 June                                                                                                     –                    –
                        Deferred tax liability balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                        Unrealised gains – corporate                                                                                                                 9,951               7,566
                        Unrealised gains – statutory*                                                                                                                8,612               4,501
                        Customer relationships                                                                                                                     88,166              98,940
                        Property and equipment                                                                                                                           –                 130
                        Customer remediation indemnity                                                                                                             50,643                     –
                        Other                                                                                                                                         699                3,706
                        Deferred tax liability balance as at 30 June                                                                                              158,072             114,843
                        Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                                                            (152,177)             (41,088)
                        Net deferred tax liability balance as at 30 June                                                                                            5,895              73,755
                        Reconciliation of movements
                        Net carrying amounts at the beginning of the year                                                                                         (73,755)            (95,256)
                        Acquisitions and divestments                                                                                                                  696               (1,663)
                        Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                                                                                                       80,607              12,091
                        Credited/(charged) to profit or loss – statutory*                                                                                            (4,112)            (2,192)
                        Temporary differences directly attributable to equity                                                                                       (2,371)                 79
                        Discontinued operations                                                                                                                     (4,337)             13,186
                        Reclassification to held for sale                                                                                                           (2,623)                   –
                        Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                                                     (5,895)            (73,755)
                        Unrecognised deferred tax assets
                        Tax losses                                                                                                                                  4,905                     –
                        Potential tax benefit at the Australian tax rate of 30%                                                                                     1,472                     –

                    *     A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. The funds operated by IOOF Ltd, and any trusts controlled
                          by those funds, are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds are required to be consolidated in accordance
                          with accounting standards.


                    The deductible temporary differences and tax losses do not expire under current tax legislation. Deferred tax assets have not been
                    recognised in respect of these items because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the IOOF
                    Group can utilise the benefits there from.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   95
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Accounting policies                                                   Tax transparency
                    Income tax                                                            The IOOF Group is committed to tax transparency
                                                                                          and integrity. It has been a signatory to the Board of




For personal use only
                    Income tax comprises current and deferred tax.
                    Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or                  Taxation’s Voluntary Tax Transparency Code (the Code),
                    loss except to the extent that it relates to a business               since January 2017.
                    combination, or items recognised directly in equity or                The Code is a set of principles and ’minimum standards’
                    in other comprehensive income.                                        to guide disclosure of tax information by businesses,
                                                                                          encourage those businesses to avoid aggressive tax planning,
                    Current tax
                                                                                          and to help educate the public about their compliance with
                    Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on              Australia’s tax laws.
                    the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted
                                                                                          The IOOF Group provides a reconciliation of accounting profit
                    or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any
                                                                                          to tax expense, and to income tax paid/payable including
                    adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
                                                                                          identification of material temporary and non-temporary
                    Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.
                                                                                          differences and accounting effective company tax rates
                    Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain         for the IOOF Groups Australian and global operations.
                    criteria are met.
                                                                                          Information about international related
                    Deferred tax                                                          party dealings
                    Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences        The IOOF Group conducts foreign activities in New Zealand,
                    between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for            via IOOF New Zealand, and in Hong Kong, via share broking
                    financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for                 business, Ord Minnett (now a discontinued operation).
                    taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:                Each of those entities is subject to the local tax regime and
                    • temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or       effective tax rates are disclosed with the IOOF Group’s effective
                        liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination   tax rate. Related party dealings between the IOOF Group’s
                        and that affects neither accounting nor taxable                   Australian and foreign jurisdictions are supported by transfer
                        profit or loss;                                                   pricing documentation.
                    • temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries
                                                                                          Approach to tax strategy and governance
                        and associates to the extent that the IOOF Group is able
                        to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary            Tax governance is part of the IOOF Group’s overall risk
                        differences and it is probable that they will not reverse         management framework, as well as being part of an overall
                        in the foreseeable future; and                                    tax strategy. The overall tax strategy drives the IOOF Group’s
                                                                                          approach to tax risk management and is aimed at good
                    • taxable temporary differences arising on the initial
                                                                                          corporate tax compliance and reporting, ability to meet
                        recognition of goodwill.
                                                                                          and be prepared for regulatory changes, and in ensuring
                    Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected           shareholder value. Tax governance is continuously monitored
                    to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,             and in line with the IOOF Group’s strategy. The IOOF Group
                    based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively             regards its relationship with the ATO as effective and open
                    enacted by the reporting date.                                        thereby maintaining transparency and collaboration.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is
                                                                                          Tax contribution analysis
                    a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and
                                                                                          The IOOF Group contributed a total of $160.6m in taxes
                    liabilities and when deferred tax balances relate to the same
                                                                                          to Australian, New Zealand and Hong Kong governments
                    taxation authority.
                                                                                          (state and federal) in the 2019 tax year. $160.2m or 99.75% of
                    Tax consolidation                                                     this amount was attributable to the Australian Government.
                    IOOF Holdings Ltd and its wholly owned Australian resident            The below tables provide an analysis of the types of taxes the
                    entities (including IOOF Ltd benefit funds) are part of               IOOF Group is liable for and those payable in Australia versus
                    a tax-consolidated group under Australian taxation law.               those in foreign jurisdictions.
                    As consequence, all members of the tax-consolidated
                    group are taxed as a single entity.




          96
                                                                                                                                      IOOF | annual report 2019




                                                        Income Tax $95.3m
                                 2019 tax                                                              2019 tax                 Australia $160.2m
                                                        GST $46.4m




For personal use only
                               contribution                                                         contribution by             New Zealand $0.415m
                               by type (total          	Payroll Tax $14.9m                         country (total
                                 $160.6m)                                                              $160.6m)
                                                                                                                               	Hong Kong $0.006m
                                                       	Fringe Benefits Tax $1.2m
                                                        Other $2.8m


                    Further taxes paid by the IOOF Group on behalf of others, including employees and members, are not directly borne by the Group.
                    These include income tax, GST, pay-as-you-earn withholding taxes, and local duties, which total a further $133m.

                    2-7 Dividends
                    After 30 June 2019 the following fully franked dividends were declared by the directors. The dividends have not been provided for
                    and there are no income tax consequences.

                                                                                  Cents per             Total              Date of payment         Franked/
                                                                                     share                                                        unfranked
                                                                                                       $’000
                        Final 2019 dividend                                                12.0        42,129            27 September 2019           Franked
                        Special 2020 dividend                                               7.0        24,575            27 September 2019           Franked

                                                                                                                                       2019             2018
                                                                                                                                      $’000            $’000
                        Dividend franking account
                        30 per cent franking credits available to shareholders of IOOF Holdings Ltd                                  93,032           77,399
                        for subsequent financial years

                    The above available amounts are based on the balance of the dividend franking account at year-end adjusted for:
                    a franking credits that will arise from the payment of the current tax liabilities; and
                    b franking credits that the IOOF Group may be prevented from distributing in subsequent years.

                    The ability to utilise the franking credits is dependent upon there being sufficient available profits to declare dividends. The impact
                    on the dividend franking account of dividends declared after the balance date but not recognised as a liability is to reduce it by
                    $28,587,000 (2018: $40,625,000).

                    The following dividends were declared and paid by the IOOF Group during the current and preceding financial year:

                                                                                      Cents per         Total              Date of payment         Franked/
                                                                                         share                                                    unfranked
                                                                                                       $’000
                        2019
                        Interim 2019 dividend                                              25.5        89,524                 15 March 2019          Franked
                        Final 2018 dividend                                                27.0        94,791            04 September 2018           Franked
                                                                                           52.5       184,315
                        2018
                        Interim 2018 dividend                                              27.0        94,791                 14 March 2018          Franked
                        Final 2017 dividend                                                27.0        81,036            01 September 2017           Franked
                                                                                           54.0       175,827

                    Franked dividends declared or paid during the year were franked at the tax rate of 30 per cent.

                    Dividend amounts shown are inclusive of any dividends paid on treasury shares.

                                                                                                                                                                  97
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    2-8 Earnings per share

                                                                                                                                       2019                2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                  Cents per        Cents per
                                                                                                                                     share            share
                        Basic earnings per share
                        From continuing operations                                                                                      (12.0)             31.6
                        From discontinued operations                                                                                    20.1                (5.1)
                        Total basic earnings per share                                                                                   8.1               26.4
                        Diluted earnings per share
                        From continuing operations                                                                                      (12.0)             31.5
                        From discontinued operations                                                                                    20.1                (5.1)
                        Total diluted earnings per share                                                                                 8.1               26.4


                    Basic and diluted earnings per share
                    The earnings and weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share
                    are as follows:

                                                                                                                                       2019                2018
                                                                                                                                       $’000           $’000
                        Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                                                     28,560          88,301
                        Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS                                                     28,560          88,301
                        Profit for the year from discontinued operations used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS from        75,708          (11,732)
                        discontinued operations
                        Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS from continuing operations                         (47,148)        100,033

                                                                                                                                       2019                2018
                                                                                                                                    No. ’000        No. ’000
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic)                                                           350,456         334,072
                        Effect of unvested performance rights                                                                            982                750
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)                                                        351,438         334,822


                    Accounting policies
                    The IOOF Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share data for its ordinary shares. Basic earnings per share is calculated by
                    dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                    outstanding during the year, adjusted for treasury shares held.

                    Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted
                    average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for treasury shares held, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary
                    shares, which comprise performance rights and share options granted to employees.

                    At 30 June 2019, there were no options outstanding (2018: nil).

                    The average market value of the Company’s shares for purposes of calculating the dilutive effect of share options was based
                    on quoted market prices for the year.




          98
                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Section 3 – Capital management and financing




For personal use only
                        This section outlines how the IOOF Group manages its capital structure and related financing costs, including its balance
                        sheet liquidity and access to capital markets.

                        The IOOF Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so
                        that it can continue to provide returns to shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders, and to maintain an optimal
                        structure to reduce the cost of capital.


                    3-1 Capital management                                                is funded by IOOF Holding Ltd’s own investment capital, through
                                                                                          capital issues, profit retention and, in some instances, by debt.
                    In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure,
                    the IOOF Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid                Subsidiary capital generated in excess of planned requirements
                    to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, buy back its         is returned to IOOF Holdings Ltd, usually by way of dividends.
                    shares on market, issue new shares, sell assets, or otherwise         A standby facility is in place as a safeguard against a temporary
                    adjust debt levels.                                                   need for funds and to provide a short term funding facility
                    The IOOF Group monitors capital on the basis of investment            that allows the business to take advantage of acquisition
                    capital, working capital and regulatory capital.                      opportunities as they arise. The weighted average cost of
                                                                                          capital is regularly monitored. Funding decisions take into
                    Investment capital is the IOOF Group’s capital that is not            consideration the cost of debt versus the cost of equity with
                    required for regulatory and working capital requirements              emphasis on the outcome that is best for shareholder interests.
                    of the business. The investment capital is invested in:
                                                                                          The IOOF Group’s capital risk management strategy was
                    • bank deposits and debt note;
                                                                                          not changed during the year.
                    • subsidiaries;
                                                                                          Further information in relation to capital adequacy requirements
                    • available-for-sale assets;
                                                                                          imposed by the Life Insurance Act is provided in section 5-4
                    • unit trusts, as investments; and                                    Capital adequacy position.
                    • IOOF Group operated unit trusts, as seed capital.
                    The investment capital is available to support the organic
                                                                                          3-2 Borrowings
                    development of new businesses and products and to respond             This note provides information about the contractual terms
                    to investment and growth opportunities such as acquisitions,          of the IOOF Group’s interest-bearing borrowings, which are
                    as they arise. Seed capital is primarily available to support         measured at amortised cost.
                    the business in establishing new products and is also used to
                                                                                          For more information about the IOOF Group’s exposure to
                    support capital adequacy requirements of the benefit funds.
                                                                                          interest rate and liquidity risk, see section 1-1 Risk management.
                    Working capital is the capital that is required to meet the day
                                                                                          During the period, IOOF Group executed a syndicated facility
                    to day operations of the business.
                                                                                          agreement (SFA) with lenders (effective 27 September 2018
                    Regulatory capital is the capital which the IOOF Group is             (SFA effective date)), with an initial drawdown made on
                    required to hold as determined by legislative and regulatory          2 October 2018. The SFA consists of the following facilities:
                    requirements in respect of its friendly society and financial         • $300m revolving cash advance facility with a 3 year
                    services licensed operations. During the year, the IOOF Group            repayment term from the SFA effective date.
                    has complied with all externally imposed capital requirements
                                                                                          • $450m revolving cash advance facility with a 5 year
                    to which it is subject.
                                                                                             repayment term from the SFA effective date.
                    The Board of each operational subsidiary manages its own capital      • Multi-option facility with a 3 year repayment term from the
                    required to support planned business growth and meet regulatory          SFA effective date, including a $20m revolving cash advance
                    requirements. Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA)          facility (interest-bearing borrowing) and a guarantee facility.
                    regulated subsidiaries have their own capital management plan
                    which specifically addresses the regulatory requirements of           The current interest-bearing borrowings have a debt duration
                    that entity and sets a target surplus over minimum regulatory         profile of approximately 3.4 years (calculated on a facility limit
                    requirements. Regular monitoring of regulatory requirements           basis). Proceeds from SFA borrowings were applied towards
                    ensures sufficient capital is available and appropriate planning      the subscription of a debt note with a face value of $800m
                    is made to retain target surpluses. IOOF Holdings Ltd is primarily    from ANZ, which reflects substantial economic completion
                    the provider of equity capital to its subsidiaries. Such investment   of the ANZ P&I business.
                                                                                                                                                                99
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    (a) Cash advance & working capital facility
                    The unsecured cash advance facilities and working capital facility is provided under an Australian dollar line of credit facility, to which
                    unrestricted access was available at balance date as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                                                                         $’000            $’000
                        Total facilities                                                                                               770,000                 –
                        Used at 30 June                                                                                                430,000                 –
                        Unused at 30 June                                                                                             340,000                  –

                    The financial liability under the facility has a fair value equal to its carrying amount.

                    (b) Other facilities
                    In addition to the revolving cash advance facilities, the IOOF Group has contingent liability facilities and had a commercial loan held by
                    one of its subsidiaries that was repaid in full during the period. The aggregate of the contingent liability facilities is $71.3m (2018: $40m)
                    of which $67.8m was used at 30 June 2019 (30 June 2018: $38.9m).

                                                                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                                                                         $’000            $’000
                        Revolving Cash Advance Facility
                        Opening balance 1 July 2018                                                                                           –         206,908
                        Net borrowings drawn/(repaid)                                                                                  430,000          (207,424)
                        Amortised capitalised establishment fees                                                                         (3,497)            516
                        Closing balance 30 June 2019                                                                                   426,503                 –
                        Other facilities
                        Opening balance 1 July 2018                                                                                           –                –
                        Acquisition through business combination                                                                            597                –
                        Net borrowings repaid                                                                                              (597)               –
                        Closing balance 30 June 2019                                                                                          –                –
                        Total                                                                                                          426,503                 –


                    Accounting policies
                    Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings, unwinding of the discount on provisions, changes in the fair value of
                    financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and impairment losses recognised on financial assets.

                    Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are
                    recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.




        100
                                                                                                                                      IOOF | annual report 2019




                    3-3 Share capital
                    The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares. All issued shares are fully paid. The holders
                    of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time, and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings




For personal use only
                    of the Company. All shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

                                                                                                                                        2019             2018
                                                                                                                                       $’000             $’000
                        351,076,027 fully paid ordinary shares (2018: 351,076,027)                                                 1,970,999        1,971,648
                        1,237,144 treasury shares (2018: 484,964)                                                                      (7,890)           (4,625)
                                                                                                                                   1,963,109       1,967,023

                                                                                                           2019                             2018
                                                                                                   No. ’000           $’000         No. ’000             $’000
                        Ordinary shares
                        On issue at 1 July                                                          351,076        1,971,648         300,134        1,438,601
                        Issue of shares                                                                    –               –          50,942         539,264
                        Transaction costs of issuing new shares                                            –               –               –             (5,917)
                        Transfer from employee equity-settled benefits reserve on exercise of              –           4,000               –             2,093
                        performance rights
                        Treasury shares transferred to recipients during the year                          –          (4,649)              –             (2,393)
                        On issue at 30 June                                                         351,076        1,970,999         351,076        1,971,648
                        Treasury shares
                        On issue at 1 July                                                              (485)         (4,625)           (476)            (4,142)
                        Purchase of treasury shares                                                   (1,240)          (7,914)          (287)            (2,876)
                        Treasury shares transferred to recipients during the year                       488            4,649             278             2,393
                        On issue at 30 June                                                           (1,237)         (7,890)           (485)            (4,625)
                                                                                                    349,839       1,963,109         350,591        1,967,023


                    Accounting policies
                    Ordinary shares
                    Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares and share options are
                    shown in equity as a deduction, net of any tax effects.

                    Treasury shares
                    Shares in the Company which are purchased on-market by the IOOF Equity Plan Trust are classified as treasury shares and
                    are deducted from share capital. Treasury shares are excluded from the weighted average number of ordinary shares used in
                    the earnings per share calculations. The IOOF Equity Plan Trust is controlled by the IOOF Group and is therefore consolidated.
                    Dividends received on treasury shares are eliminated on consolidation.




                                                                                                                                                                   101
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    3-4 Capital commitments and contingencies
                    The only capital commitments entered into by the IOOF Group are operating lease commitments disclosed below.




For personal use only
                    Operating lease commitments
                    Payments made under operating leases are recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
                    Lease incentives received are recognised as an integral part of the total lease expense, over the term of the lease.

                    Commitments for minimum lease payments in relation to non-cancellable operating leases are payable as follows:

                        2019                                                                        < 1 year    1 to 5 years      Later than            Total
                                                                                                                                     5 years
                                                                                                      $’000            $’000           $’000           $’000
                        Premises – continuing operations                                               8,786          43,896          29,068           81,750
                        Premises – discontinued operations                                             3,602           7,831                –          11,433
                        Total                                                                        12,388           51,727          29,068           93,183

                        2018                                                                        < 1 year    1 to 5 years      Later than            Total
                                                                                                                                     5 years
                                                                                                      $’000            $’000           $’000           $’000
                        Premises                                                                      17,967          54,114          34,904         106,985

                                                                                                                                        2019            2018
                                                                                                                                       $’000           $’000
                        Guarantees and underwriting commitments
                        Rental bond guarantees                                                                                        10,773           12,256
                        ASX settlement bond guarantee                                                                                    500            1,000
                        ASIC bond guarantees                                                                                              40               20
                        Other guarantees                                                                                                 453            3,000
                                                                                                                                      11,767          16,276

                    On 10 April 2019, the Group announced that its subsidiary, Bridges Financial Services Group Pty Ltd, had entered into a strategic
                    partnership with Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Ltd (Bendigo) to acquire Bendigo Financial Planning Ltd’s (Bendigo FP) client book and
                    servicing rights for cash consideration of $3 million, plus a further payment of $2 million on the first anniversary of completion, subject
                    to maintaining an agreed ongoing service client retention rate. The transaction completed on 31 July 2019.

                    Final completion of the ANZ P&I Acquisition remains conditional on the receipt of notices from OnePath Custodians (OPC) and
                    ANZ that each have no objection to the P&I Acquisition proceeding. IOOF continues to work co–operatively with OPC and ANZ to
                    provide the information and resources necessary to facilitate those notices being given. From 5 July 2019, recent amendments to the
                    Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993 (Cth) came into force, giving APRA an approval power in respect of the acquisition of
                    controlling stakes in Registrable Superannuation Entity licensees (such as OPC). As such, receipt of such an approval from APRA is now
                    also a condition to completion of the P&I Acquisition. IOOF is well advanced in preparation and submission of material to APRA for
                    due consideration of the matter.

                    IOOF has agreed to purchase the P&I business for a cash consideration of A$975m, subject to a completion adjustment.

                    Two subsidiaries of the Group have contractual agreements with its planners to provide a put option “Buyer of Last Resort Facility”
                    should a planner wish to sell their business and on the satisfaction of certain specific requirements. The terms and conditions provide
                    that where the specific requirements have been met, a predetermined purchase price will be payable for the business as agreed by
                    all parties over a predetermined period. Where certain terms and conditions have not been met, the predetermined purchase price
                    will be discounted accordingly. As at 30 June 2019, the Group had received requests from planners which satisfied requirements to
                    exercise its obligation. The resale value of such businesses purchased may differ from the cost to the Group. Where confirmation
                    notices have been received, the Group has a fixed obligation to purchase the businesses at market value, the aggregate value of
                    this fixed obligation is $3.00m (2018: $2.53m).


        102
                                                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Contingent liabilities of the IOOF Group exist in relation to claims and/or possible claims which, at the date of signing these accounts,
                    have not been resolved. An assessment of the likely loss to the Company and its controlled entities has been made in respect of
                    the identified claims, on a claim by claim basis, and specific provision has been made where appropriate. The IOOF Group does




For personal use only
                    not consider that the outcome of any other current proceedings, either individually or in aggregate, is likely to materially affect
                    its operations or financial position.

                    3-5 Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                     2019                 2018
                                                                                                                                                                    $’000                $’000
                        Equity investment revaluation reserve(i)                                                                                                    24,326              18,804
                        Business combinations reserve(ii)                                                                                                             (326)                (326)
                        Foreign currency translation reserve       (iii)
                                                                                                                                                                         30                  44
                        Operating risk financial reserve(iv)                                                                                                         2,655                2,655
                        Share-based payments reserve(v)                                                                                                             (1,460)              (1,764)
                                                                                                                                                                   25,225               19,413

                    Nature and purpose of reserves
                    (i) Equity investment revaluation reserve comprises the cumulative net change in fair value of equity securities designated at FVOCI (2018: available-for-sale
                        financial assets).
                    (ii) Business combinations reserve reflects historic acquisitions of non-controlling interests.
                    (iii) Foreign currency translation reserve comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of the Group’s foreign operations.
                    (iv) The operating risk financial reserve is held for certain superannuation products that were previously held under AET and have been transferred to IIML as
                         Superannuation Trustee in the current year. Other similar reserves exist within the IOOF Group, however these are generally held by the relevant funds.
                    (v) The equity-settled employee benefits reserve arises on the grant of performance rights and share options to executives and senior employees under the employee
                        share plan. Amounts are transferred out of the reserve and into issued capital when the shares are transferred to employees.




                                                                                                                                                                                                    103
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Section 4 – Operating assets and liabilities




For personal use only
                           This section shows the assets used to generate the IOOF Group’s trading performance and the liabilities incurred
                           as a result. Liabilities relating to the Group’s financing activities are addressed in Section 3.


                    4-1 Associates
                    Associates are those entities over which the IOOF Group has significant influence, but not control, over the financial and
                    operating policies.

                    The IOOF Group has interests in a number of associates. For one of these associates, Perennial Value Management Limited,
                    the IOOF Group owns 52.4% (2018: 52.4%) of the equity interests but has 42.4% of the voting rights and dividend entitlements.
                    The IOOF Group has determined that it does not have control but has significant influence because it has representation on the board
                    of the investee. In addition, the IOOF Group owns 56.7% (2018: 43.1%) of the equity interests of Thornton Group (SA) Pty Ltd. The Group
                    has determined that it does not have control of this investee as it has no representation on the Board and does not have power over
                    the investee to direct its operations.

                    The table below discloses material associates individually:

                        Associate                                             Country of            Ownership interest              Carrying     IOOF Group’s
                                                                              incorporation                                            value         share of
                                                                                                       2019             2018
                                                                                                                                                   profit/(loss)
                                                                                                          %                %           $’000              $’000
                        Perennial Value Management Ltd                        Australia                 52.4             52.4           6,800               956
                        Thornton Group (SA) Pty Ltd                           Australia                 56.7             43.1           6,129                127
                        Grow Super                                            Australia                 12.1              7.1           4,155               (298)
                        Other associates                                                                                                4,425               201
                                                                                                                                      21,509                986

                    Associates had a carrying value of $24,002,000 and share of profit of $2,524,000 in 2018. All significant associates have a 30 June
                    financial year end.

                    The following table summarises the financial information of the IOOF Group’s material associate, Perennial Value Management Limited,
                    as included in its own financial statements. All fair values and accounting policies are consistent with those of the IOOF Group.

                                                                                                                                        2019               2018
                                                                                                                                       $’000              $’000
                        Beneficial ownership interest                                                                                 42.4%               42.4%
                        Current assets                                                                                                 19,477             17,222
                        Non-current assets                                                                                              8,219              7,422
                        Current liabilities                                                                                            (7,050)            (6,967)
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                                          (361)              (408)
                        Net assets (100%)                                                                                             20,285              17,269
                        IOOF Group’s share of net assets (42.4%)                                                                        8,591              7,313
                        IOOF Group’s share of movements in equity and other reserves (42.4%)                                           (1,791)            (1,490)
                        Goodwill                                                                                                            –              4,451
                        Carrying value of interest in associate                                                                        6,800           10,274
                        Revenue (100%)                                                                                                24,787              26,202
                        Profit and total comprehensive income (100%)                                                                   2,258               4,278
                        Total profit and total comprehensive income (42.4%)                                                              956               1,811
                        Dividends received by the IOOF Group                                                                                –              1,270


        104
                                                                                                                                      IOOF | annual report 2019




                    None of the IOOF Group’s equity-accounted investees are publicly listed entities and consequently do not have published
                    price quotations.

                    Dividends received from associates




For personal use only
                    During the year, the IOOF Group has received dividends of $358,000 (2018: $1,753,000) from its associates.

                    Accounting policies
                    Interests in associates are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognised at cost, which includes any
                    transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the IOOF Group’s share of the
                    profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associates, until the date on which significant influence ceases.

                    4-2 Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
                                                                                                                                       2019             2018
                                                                                                                                      $’000            $’000
                        Cost                                                                                                        652,248          677,147
                        Accumulated amortisation                                                                                    (287,541)       (268,837)
                                                                                                                                    364,707         408,310

                                                                       IT       Computer      Customer              Brand             Other             Total
                                                              development        software relationships             names        intangibles
                                                                    $’000            $’000           $’000           $’000            $’000            $’000


                        Carrying value at 1 July 2018                1,284           4,267         331,936          66,945             3,878         408,310
                        Acquisition through business                     –               –           1,382               –                –             1,382
                        combination
                        Additions                                    1,654               1              33               –             3,070            4,758
                        Divestments                                      –               (9)          (260)              –                –              (269)
                        Amortisation expense – continuing             (715)           (915)        (34,534)            (801)          (1,401)        (38,366)
                        operations
                        Amortisation expense – discontinued              –             (38)          (1,515)             –                –             (1,553)
                        operations
                        Reclassification to held for sale                –             (24)          (2,758)         (6,773)              –             (9,555)
                        Carrying value at 30 June 2019               2,223           3,282        294,284           59,371            5,547         364,707


                    Accounting policies
                    Intangible assets are non-physical assets used by the IOOF Group to generate revenues and profits. These assets include brand names,
                    software, customer and adviser relationships and contractual arrangements. The cost of these assets is the amount that the IOOF
                    Group has paid or, where there has been a business combination, the fair value of the specific intangible assets that could be sold
                    separately or which arise from legal rights.

                    The value of intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill and brand names with indefinite useful lives, reduces over the number
                    of years the IOOF Group expects to use the asset, the useful economic life, via an annual amortisation charge to profit and loss.
                    The values and useful lives ascribed are reflective of arms-length transactions and independent expert advice thereon. Where there
                    has been a technological change or decline in business performance the Directors review the value of assets to ensure they have
                    not fallen below their carrying value. Should an asset’s value fall below its carrying value an additional one-off impairment charge is
                    made against profit.

                    Subsequent expenditure
                    Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which
                    it relates. All other expenditure, including expenditure on brands, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.



                                                                                                                                                                  105
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Amortisation
                    Amortisation is charged to the income statement over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets unless such lives are judged
                    to be indefinite. Indefinite life assets are not amortised but are tested for impairment at each reporting date. The estimated useful




For personal use only
                    lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:
                    • brand names 20 years			                               • IT development 3 – 5 years
                    • computer software 2.5 – 10 years		                    • other 5 – 10 years
                    • customer relationships 10 – 20 years		                • contract agreements 9 – 10 years
                    Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.

                    Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing indefinite life intangible assets
                    For the purposes of impairment testing, indefinite life intangibles are allocated to the IOOF Group’s operating divisions, or CGUs,
                    which represent the lowest level within the IOOF Group at which intangible assets are monitored for internal management purposes.

                    Each CGU is not higher than the IOOF Group’s operating segments as reported in Note 2-1 Operating segments.

                    Indefinite life intangible assets
                    The indefinite life intangible assets relate to brand names. The below table excludes $7.9m of intangibles which have a finite life.
                    The aggregate carrying amounts of indefinite-life intangible assets allocated to each CGU are as follows:

                                                                                                                                        2019               2018
                                                                                                                                       $’000           $’000
                        Shadforth                                                                                                     51,000          51,000
                        Ord Minnett group – reclassified to held for sale                                                                  –               6,773
                        Lonsdale                                                                                                         500                500
                                                                                                                                      51,500          58,273

                    In designating brand names as indefinite life, consideration was given to the length of time the brand names have been in existence
                    and it was determined that there is no foreseeable limit to the years over which the brand names are expected to generate net cash
                    inflows for the IOOF Group.

                    The recoverable amount for the brand names have been determined based on a royalty savings method of calculating value in use.
                    The calculation incorporates estimated costs of brand maintenance. The discount rate of 13.3% (2018: 12.7%) used reflects the IOOF
                    Group’s pre-tax nominal weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Management’s assessment of indefinite life intangible value-in-use
                    exceeds the value of the intangible asset allocated to the CGU, therefore any reasonably possible changes to assumptions used
                    in management’s assessment is not expected to result in impairment.

                    4-3 Goodwill
                                                                                                                                        2019               2018
                                                                                                                                       $’000           $’000
                        Cost                                                                                                       1,030,321        1,024,166
                        Accumulated impairment                                                                                        (93,430)        (83,940)
                        Net carrying value of goodwill                                                                              936,891          940,226
                        Carrying value at 1 July                                                                                     940,226         954,867
                        Acquisition through business combination                                                                        6,155          13,698
                        Impairment of goodwill                                                                                         (9,490)        (28,339)
                        Carrying value at 30 June                                                                                   936,891          940,226

                    Impairment of $9.5m has been recognised in 2019 in relation to goodwill allocated to Perennial Investment Partners Limited
                    (2018: impairment of $28.3m in relation to goodwill allocated to Perennial Investment Partners Limited). Reduced profitability from
                    lower revenue led to its expected fair value less costs to sell declining to below the carrying value of the aggregate goodwill and
                    investment balances.

        106
                                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Accounting policies
                    Goodwill represents the future economic benefits that arise from assets that are not capable of being individually identified and
                    separately recognised. Its cost is the amount the IOOF Group has paid in acquiring a business over and above the fair value of the




For personal use only
                    individual assets and liabilities acquired. The value of goodwill is an ’intangible’ value that comes from, for example, a uniquely strong
                    market position and the outstanding productivity of its employees. The goodwill recognised by the IOOF Group has all arisen as a
                    result of business combinations.

                    For the measurement of goodwill at initial recognition, see section 7-3(b)(i) Business combinations.

                    Subsequent measurement
                    Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity-accounted investees, the carrying amount
                    of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment, and any impairment loss is allocated to the carrying amount
                    of the equity accounted investee as a whole.

                    Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill
                    For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the IOOF Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs). These represent
                    the lowest level within the IOOF Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Assets that cannot
                    be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that
                    are largely independent of the cash inflows from continuing use of other assets or groups of assets (the CGU).

                    These CGUs are not higher than the IOOF Group’s operating segments as reported in 2-1 Operating segments.

                    The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to each CGU are as follows:

                                                                                                                   Value in Use element
                                                                           2019        2018            Cash            Cash         Cash flows – perpetuity
                                                                                                    inflows        outflows
                                                                                                     yrs 1-5         yrs 1-5
                                                                          $’000       $’000
                        Shadforth                                        431,191     431,191               B               E           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        Portfolio and estate administration             347,509     347,509                B               E           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        Perennial                                             –       9,490                C               E           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        DKN                                              80,339      80,339                B               E           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        Multi manager                                    39,735      39,735                B               E           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        IOOF Ltd                                          11,970      11,970              D                D           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        Consultum                                         4,344       4,344                A               E           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        Bridges                                           1,950        1,950               B               E           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        Australian Executor Trustees                     19,773      13,698                F               F           2.0% growth from yr 5
                        Ex-ANZ ADGs                                          80           –                F               F           2.0% growth from yr 5
                                                                        936,891    940,226

                    A Reserve Bank of Australia forecast GDP growth rate1

                    B Blended rate of the 2020 budgeted rates by asset class and business unit

                    C Forecast for Perennial Value Management Limited

                    D Observed Australian friendly societies annual compounding growth for March 2014 to March 20192

                    E Blended rate of the underlying Australian forecast inflation levels and the applicable Reserve Bank of Australia GDP growth rate1

                    F Arose from a recently concluded, arms-length transaction which provides a reasonable estimate of fair value
                    1     source – RBA Statement of Monetary Policy
                    2     source – ABS 5655.0 Managed Funds Australia




                                                                                                                                                                   107
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    The recoverable amounts for goodwill allocated to all CGUs have been determined based on value-in-use calculations using 2019
                    actual balances to forecast 2020 and beyond cash flows.

                    The growth rates applied do not exceed the long-term average growth rate for businesses in which each CGU operates. The pre-tax




For personal use only
                    discount rate of 13.3% (2018: 12.7%) used reflects the IOOF Group’s pre-tax nominal weighted average cost of capital (WACC).
                    Management’s assessment of goodwill’s value-in-use exceeds the value of goodwill allocated to these CGUs. Any reasonably
                    possible changes to assumptions used in management’s assessment is not expected to result in impairment.

                    Management has applied a post tax WACC increment of 3.5% for Consultum (2018: 3.5%) to reflect a specific company risk premium.
                    In prior year, a post tax WACC increment of 2.5% was also applied for Perennial. These incremental amounts are judgement based
                    and consistent with accepted valuation industry practice.

                    Sensitivity analysis
                    At 30 June 2019, if pre-tax discount rates had increased by 4%, and terminal value growth rates had decreased from 2% to 0%,
                    no further impairment would have been identified in connection with goodwill allocated to any cash generating unit.

                    4-4 Provisions
                                                                                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                $’000               $’000
                        Onerous contracts                                                                                                                             –                985
                        Employee entitlements                                                                                                                   59,312              67,487
                        Ex-ANZ ADG remediation provision                                                                                                      168,810                     –
                        IOOF ADG remediation provision                                                                                                         223,165                    –
                        Other                                                                                                                                    2,045              47,863
                                                                                                                                                              453,332             116,335

                                                                              Onerous          Employee          Ex-ANZ ADG           IOOF ADG                  Other                Total
                                                                             contracts       entitlements        remediation        remediation
                                                                                                                    provision          provision
                                                                                  $’000               $’000               $’000              $’000               $’000              $’000
                        Balance at 1 July 2018                                       985              67,487                   –                  –             47,863            116,335
                        Acquisition through business                                    –              3,640            168,100                   –                  12            171,752
                        combination1
                        Provisions made during the year                                 –             48,198              15,220           223,165               1,950            288,533
                        Provisions utilised during the year2                        (985)            (40,049)            (14,510)                 –             (47,755)         (103,299)
                        Derecognised on disposal of subsidiary                          –            (19,964)                  –                  –                 (25)           (19,989)
                        or reclassification to held for sale
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                                         –            59,312            168,810            223,165                2,045           453,332

                    1     Provisions totalling $168.1m have been recognised in respect of the ANZ ADGs acquired on 1 October 2018. These provisions relate to customer remediation during
                          the period that the relevant entities were owned by ANZ. The sale agreement indemnified the acquired entities in relation to customer remediation and accordingly,
                          a corresponding receivable from ANZ has been recognised.
                    2     Other includes $44.3m settlements with the representative plaintiffs in the Provident Proceedings.




        108
                                                                                                                                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Accounting policies                                                   Onerous contracts
                    A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the IOOF   A provision for onerous contracts is recognised when the
                    Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can         expected benefits to be derived by the IOOF Group from




For personal use only
                    be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of          a contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting
                    economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.          its obligations under the contract. The provision is valued
                    Provisions are determined by discounting the expected                 as the estimated present value of future lease payments
                    future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market      net of anticipated recoveries from third parties, that the IOOF
                    assessments of the time value of money.                               Group is presently obligated to make under non-cancellable
                                                                                          operating lease contracts. The estimate may vary as a result
                    Client remediation provision                                          of changes in the utilisation of the leased premises and
                    ASIC, as part of its Wealth Management Project, has conducted         sub-lease arrangements where applicable. Provisions relate to
                    investigations into financial advice fees paid pursuant to            onerous lease contracts. The unexpired term of these leases
                    ongoing service arrangements, focused on major Wealth                 is less than 1 year.
                    Management institutions with financial advice arms. IOOF
                                                                                          Employee entitlements
                    has a significant number of self-employed and salaried
                    financial advisers and, having noted the ongoing impact of            The provision for employee benefits includes provisions for
                    the investigation on clients, has voluntarily undertaken its own      remuneration in the form of incentive plans and expected
                    review. The review seeks to determine whether fee paying              leave benefits that employees have earned in return for their
                    clients under its licenses were: a) provided with agreed services     service in the current and prior years plus related on-costs.
                    and/or advice; b) supported with documentation evidencing             A provision for employee benefits in the form of an incentive
                    appropriate provision of service and/or advice; and c) received       plan is recognised when there is no realistic alternative
                    advice appropriate to their circumstances.                            but to settle the liability, and at least one of the following
                    IOOF engaged an expert consultant to design the review                conditions is met:
                    methodology and estimate financial compensation impact                • there are formal terms in the plan for determining the
                    for this matter, in line with observed industry practise to              amount of the benefit;
                    date. IOOF has used sampling of cohorts of financial advisers,        • the amounts to be paid are determined before the time
                    based on key risk indicators, to establish possible incidents            of completion of the financial report; or
                    of inappropriate advice or instances of fees for no service (or
                                                                                          • past practice gives clear evidence of the amount
                    no evidence of service). The results of that sampling have
                                                                                             of the obligation.
                    been extrapolated across the financial adviser cohorts in
                    accordance with observed likelihood of occurrence within that         A provision for restructuring is recognised when the IOOF
                    cohort. Where client compensation is probable and able to be          Group has approved a detailed and formal restructuring
                    reliably estimated, provisions have been taken. Compensation          plan, and the restructuring either has commenced or has
                    costs include return of service fees, estimated client loss for       been announced publicly. Future operating losses are
                    inappropriate advice, interest for time value of money at ASIC’s      not provided for.
                    directed rate of RBA cash rate + 6% and committed costs to            Liabilities for incentives are expected to be settled within
                    resource the compensation program.                                    12 months and are measured at the amounts expected
                    As of 30 June 2019, the Group has recognised provisions of            to be paid when they are settled.
                    $391,975,000 (2018: nil) in respect of client remediation and
                                                                                          Other provisions
                    related costs. Of this amount, $168,810,000 is indemnified
                    by the ANZ Banking Group and an offsetting receivable has             Other provisions have been made for the present value of the
                    also been recognised. There is no material cash flow impact           Directors’ best estimates of legal settlements. The information
                    arising from that component of the provision. Determining             usually required by AASB 137 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities
                    the amount of the provision, which represents management’s            and Contingent Assets, is not disclosed on the grounds
                    best estimate of the costs of settling the identified matters,        that it can be expected to prejudice the outcome of certain
                    requires the exercise of significant judgement. It will often         other litigation.
                    be necessary to form a view on a number of different
                    assumptions, including the number of impacted clients,
                    the average refund per client, and associated remediation
                    costs. Consequently, the appropriateness of the underlying
                    assumptions is reviewed on a regular basis against actual
                    experience and other relevant evidence, and adjustments
                    are made to the provisions where appropriate.                                                                                               109
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Section 5 – Statutory funds




For personal use only
                           A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995.
                           Balances below are disclosed inclusive of amounts collected/receivable from or paid/payable to IOOF Group entities.
                           Details of the assets and liabilities of the statutory funds are included in Section 1. Statutory funds are not available
                           to shareholders.


                    5-1 Statutory fund contribution to profit or loss, net of tax
                                                                                                                                       Statutory
                                                                                                                                      2019              2018
                                                                                                                                     $’000             $’000
                        Statutory fund revenue
                        Interest income                                                                                               1,006               794
                        Dividends and distributions received                                                                         47,170            58,035
                        Net fair value gains on other financial assets designated as fair value through profit or loss                5,183            13,488
                        Investment contracts with DPF:
                        Contributions received – investment contracts with DPF                                                        2,104             5,701
                        DPF policyholder liability decrease                                                                          37,945            26,841
                        Non – DPF policyholder liability (increase)                                                                 (33,447)           (45,192)
                        Other fee revenue                                                                                            2,308              2,131
                                                                                                                                    62,269             61,798
                        Statutory fund expenses
                        Service and marketing fees expense                                                                            9,917            10,533
                        Direct operating expenses                                                                                         5                 5
                        Investment contracts with DPF:
                        Benefits and withdrawals paid                                                                                42,032            33,732
                        Termination bonuses                                                                                             33                 58
                        Interest                                                                                                       123                 73
                                                                                                                                     52,110            44,401
                        Income tax                                                                                                   10,159            17,397
                        Statutory fund contribution to profit or loss, net of tax                                                         –                 –


                    Accounting policies

                    Investment contracts with DPF
                    The value of these liabilities changes in relation to the change in unit prices for unit linked contracts, and are decreased by
                    management fee charges. In accordance with the rules of the funds, any remaining surplus is attributed to the policyholders.
                    Adjustments to the liabilities at each reporting date are recorded in profit or loss.

                    Other investment contracts
                    The value of these liabilities changes in relation to the change in unit prices for unit linked contracts, and are decreased by
                    management fee charges. In accordance with the rules of the funds, any remaining surplus is attributed to the members of the fund.
                    Amounts distributable to members are recorded in profit or loss as an expense.

                    There is no claims expense in respect of life investment contracts. Surrenders and withdrawals which relate to life investment
                    contracts are treated as a movement in life investment contract liabilities. Surrenders are recognised when the policyholder
                    formally notifies of their intention to end the policy previously contracted.



         110
                                                                                                                                     IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Insurance contract liabilities and claims expense                      Sensitivity analysis
                    A claim expense is recognised when the liability to the                The policy liabilities are not sensitive to changes in variables
                    policyholder under the policy contract has been established,           within a moderate range. Increases in mortality and morbidity




For personal use only
                    or upon notification of the insured event. Withdrawal                  assumptions will result in an increase in gross policy liabilities
                    components of life insurance contracts are not expenses and            for IOOF Group, however as the mortality and morbidity risk
                    are treated as movements in life insurance contract liabilities.       is fully reinsured any change in these assumptions would
                                                                                           be consistent with the reinsurer’s assumptions and the net
                    5-2 Actuarial assumptions and methods                                  change in policy liabilities would be nil.
                    The effective date of the actuarial report on the policy liabilities
                    and capital adequacy reserves is 30 June 2019. The actuarial           5-3 Disclosures on asset restrictions,
                    report for IOOF Ltd was prepared by Mr Andrew Mead, FIAA,              managed assets and trustee activities
                    and was dated 23 August 2019. The actuarial report indicates
                    that Mr Mead is satisfied as to the accuracy of the data upon          (i) Restrictions on assets
                    which the policy liabilities have been determined.                     Investments held in life statutory funds can only be used in
                                                                                           accordance with the relevant regulatory restrictions imposed
                    Actuarial Methods
                                                                                           under the Life Act and associated rules and regulations.
                    Policy liabilities have been calculated in accordance with             The main restrictions are that the assets in a life statutory
                    relevant actuarial guidance issued by the Australian Prudential        fund can only be used to meet the liabilities and expenses of
                    Regulation Authority under the Life Insurance Act 1995.                that life statutory fund, to acquire investments to further the
                    Policy liabilities are based on a systematic release of planned        business of the life statutory fund or as distributions when
                    margins as services are provided to policyholders and                  capital adequacy and other regulatory requirements are met.
                    premiums are received.
                                                                                           (ii) Managed Funds and other fiduciary duties
                    Processes used to select assumptions
                                                                                           Entities in the IOOF Group, including the IOOF Ltd Benefit
                    Mortality and Morbidity                                                Funds, hold controlling investments in managed funds.
                                                                                           A subsidiary of the Company is the Responsible Entity for these
                    All mortality and morbidity risk is fully reinsured and the gross
                                                                                           managed funds and has a fiduciary responsibility for managing
                    risk to the IOOF Group is low. The mortality and morbidity
                                                                                           these trusts. Arrangements are in place to ensure that such
                    assumptions have been taken to be equal to the reinsurer’s
                                                                                           activities are managed separately from the other activities
                    mortality and morbidity assumptions.
                                                                                           of the IOOF Group.
                    Other Assumptions
                    In adopting the accumulation method to assess the policy
                    liabilities, one material assumption is required. It is assumed
                    that the future overall experience as to expense levels,
                    surrender/lapse rates and discount rates will likely remain
                    within a satisfactory range so that the policies produce future
                    profits for the business. In which case, there is no need to set
                    aside provisions, in addition to the accumulation amounts,
                    for future losses (i.e. there is no loss recognition concerns for
                    the business). This assumption has been adopted on the basis
                    that, based on the current actual experience of the business,
                    the policies are producing satisfactory profits for the business
                    and there is no circumstances known that would indicate that
                    the current position (i.e. general experience levels and ongoing
                    profitability) will not continue into the future.




                                                                                                                                                                 111
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    5-4 Capital adequacy position
                    Capital adequacy reserves are required to meet the prudential standards determined in accordance with Prudential Standard LPS 110
                    Capital Adequacy issued by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority under paragraph 230A(1)(a) of the Life Insurance Act 1995.




For personal use only
                    Capital adequacy reserves provide additional protection to policy holders against the impact of fluctuations and unexpected adverse
                    circumstances on the Company.

                    The figures in the table below represent the number of times coverage of the aggregate of all benefit funds and statutory funds in the
                    Life Group over the prescribed capital amount.

                                                                                                                                          Statutory
                                                                                                                                        2019            2018
                                                                                                                                       $’000           $’000
                        (a) Capital Base                                                                                               16,027          16,749
                        (b) Prescribed capital amount                                                                                   7,241           7,534
                        Capital in excess of prescribed capital amount = (a) – (b)                                                      8,786           9,215
                        Capital adequacy multiple (%) (a) / (b)                                                                        221%            222%
                        Capital Base comprises:
                        Net Assets                                                                                                     16,027          16,749
                        Regulatory adjustment applied in calculation of Tier 1 capital                                                      –                  –
                        (A) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital                                                                              16,027           16,749
                        (B) Total Additional Tier 1 Capital                                                                                 –                  –
                        Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                      –                  –
                        Regulatory adjustment applied in calculation of Tier 2 capital                                                      –                  –
                        (C) Total Tier 2 Capital                                                                                            –                  –
                        Total capital base                                                                                            16,027           16,749

                    For detailed capital adequacy information on a statutory fund basis, users of this annual financial report should refer to the financial
                    statements prepared by the friendly society.




         112
                                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Section 6 – Other disclosures
                    6-1 Parent entity financials




For personal use only
                    As at and throughout the financial year ended 30 June 2019, the parent entity of the IOOF Group was IOOF Holdings Ltd.

                                                                                                                                  2019             2018
                                                                                                                                 $’000            $’000
                        Result of the parent entity
                        Profit for the year                                                                                    165,610          189,175
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                165,610          189,175
                        Financial position of parent entity at year end
                        Current assets                                                                                           8,227          428,765
                        Total assets                                                                                          2,410,131        2,017,841
                        Current liabilities                                                                                      8,558           24,244
                        Total liabilities                                                                                      435,061           24,245
                        Total equity of the parent entity comprising of:
                        Share capital                                                                                         1,970,999       1,971,648
                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                             2,777            2,473
                        Retained earnings                                                                                        1,294           19,475
                        Total equity                                                                                         1,975,070       1,993,596


                    Parent entity contingent liabilities
                    There are currently no complaints or claims made against the parent entity.

                                                                                                                                  2019             2018
                                                                                                                                 $’000            $’000
                        Guarantees and underwriting commitments
                        Rental bond guarantees                                                                                   3,997            3,406




                                                                                                                                                             113
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    6-2 Share-based payments
                    The IOOF Group operates a number of employee share and option schemes operated by the IOOF Equity Plan Trust (the “Trust”).
                    The employee share option plans were approved by the Board of Directors.




For personal use only
                    IOOF Executive and Employee Share Option Plan
                    The IOOF Group has an ownership-based compensation scheme for executives and senior employees.

                    Selected employees may be granted options which entitle them to purchase ordinary fully paid shares in the Company at a price fixed
                    at the time the options are granted. Voting and dividend rights will be attached to the unissued ordinary shares when the options
                    have been exercised. Options may be exercised at any time from the date of vesting to the date of their expiry.

                    Options granted under the plan carry no dividend or voting rights. All plans are equity-settled. There were no options granted in
                    2019 (2018: nil).

                    IOOF Executive Performance Rights Plan
                    The IOOF Executive Performance Rights Plan is the vehicle used to deliver equity based incentives to executives and senior employees
                    of the IOOF Group.

                    Each employee receives ordinary shares of the Company on vesting of the performance rights. No amounts are paid or payable by the
                    recipient on receipt of the performance rights or on vesting. The performance rights carry neither rights to dividends nor voting rights
                    prior to vesting.

                    Performance rights granted under the plan carry no dividend or voting rights. All plans are equity-settled.

                    Deferred Share Plan
                    A Short Term Incentive (STI) mandatory deferral program exists with equity deferral relating to Executive STIs awarded from
                    2018 onwards. On vesting of performance rights, ordinary shares are transferred to the employee’s name or held in trust.
                    The employee receives all dividends on the ordinary shares while held in trust.

                                                                                                                Perform-           Deferred          Total
                                                                                                              ance Rights            Shares
                                                                                                               Number of          Number of    Number of
                                                                                                                  rights             shares      rights &
                                                                                                                                                   shares
                                                                                                                       No.              No.             No.
                        Opening balance at 1 July 2018                                                             652,958           316,768       969,726
                        Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                                       (408,285)               –       (408,285)
                        Exercised during the year                                                                 (296,249)               –       (296,249)
                        Granted during the year                                                                    890,495           42,020        932,515
                        Outstanding at 30 June 2019                                                                838,919          358,788       1,197,707
                        Exercisable at 30 June 2019                                                                      –                –              –




         114
                                                                                                                                                     IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Disclosure of share-based payment plans
                        Series – Recipient                                    Exercise          Opening               Granted        Forfeited    Exercised         Closing
                                                                                 price           balance                             or lapsed                      balance




For personal use only
                                                                                              1 July 2018                                                      30 June 2019
                        Performance rights
                        2016-01 Executives                                          $nil            30,000                      –            –      (30,000)              –
                        2017-01 Executives                                          $nil           150,000                      –            –            –         150,000
                        2017-02 Managing Director                                   $nil           120,000                      –     (120,000)           –               –
                        2017-03 Executives                                          $nil            30,000                      –            –            –          30,000
                        2017-04 Other Key Stakeholders                              $nil             29,567                     –            –            –          29,567
                        2018-01 Executives                                          $nil           155,000                      –            –            –         155,000
                        2018-02 Managing Director                                   $nil           122,500                      –     (122,500)           –               –
                        2018-04 Other Key Stakeholders                              $nil             15,891                     –            –            –          15,891
                        2018-07 Other Key Stakeholders                              $nil                   –           224,229               –     (224,229)              –
                        2019-01 Executives                                          $nil                   –           294,000         (15,000)           –         279,000
                        2019-02 Other Key Stakeholders1                             $nil                   –                42,020           –      (42,020)              –
                        2019-03 Managing Director                                   $nil                   –           140,785        (140,785)           –               –
                        2019-04 Other Key Stakeholders                              $nil                   –                46,961           –            –          46,961
                        2019-05 Other Key Stakeholders                              $nil                   –           142,500         (10,000)           –         132,500
                                                                                                   652,958             890,495        (408,285)    (296,249)        838,919
                        Deferred shares
                        2017-05 Managing Director                                   $nil             35,420                     –            –            –          35,420
                        2018-03 Other Key Stakeholders                              $nil             89,777                     –            –            –          89,777
                        2018-05 Managing Director                                   $nil             36,632                     –            –            –          36,632
                        2018-06 Executives                                          $nil           154,939                      –            –            –         154,939
                        2019-02 Other Key Stakeholders                              $nil                   –                42,020           –            –          42,020
                                                                                                   316,768                  42,020           –            –         358,788
                                                                                                  969,726              932,515       (408,285)     (296,249)      1,197,707

                    1    Shares are held in trust for 18 months and may be forfeited in the event of compliance breaches.


                    There are no options outstanding at 30 June 2019.

                    Inputs for measurement of grant date fair values granted during the financial year
                    The grant date fair value of share-based payment plans granted during the year were measured based on a binomial options
                    pricing model for non-market performance conditions and a monte carlo simulation model for market performance conditions.
                    Expected volatility is estimated by considering historic average share price volatility. The inputs used in the measurement of the fair
                    values at grant date of the share-based payment plans are the following:

                        Series                                              Fair value        Grant date            Expected Expected life        Dividend         Risk-free
                                                                                              share price           volatility     (years)            yield    interest rate
                        2018-07 Other Key Stakeholders                            $8.04               $8.15                   n/a         n/a           n/a             n/a
                        2019-01 Executives                                        $4.93               $8.00                   24%            3        6.8%             2.2%
                        2019-02 Other Key Stakeholders                            $7.58               $7.84                   24%            1        6.9%             2.1%
                        2019-03 Managing Director                                 $2.04               $6.80                  23%             3         7.9%            2.1%
                        2019-04 Other Key Stakeholders                            $3.54               $4.73                   37%            3        11.4%            2.0%
                        2019-05 Other Key Stakeholders                            $4.93               $8.00                   24%            3        6.8%             2.2%




                                                                                                                                                                                 115
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    The following share-based payment arrangements were in existence during the current and comparative reporting years:

                        Performance Rights Series – Recipient                                                        Exercise        Earliest   Last tranche    Performance
                                                                                                                        price   vesting date    vesting date         related




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                     vesting
                                                                                                                                                                  conditions
                        2019-05 Other Key Stakeholders                                                                    nil      30-Jun-21            n/a             TSR
                        2019-04 Other Key Stakeholders                                                                    nil      30-Jun-21            n/a              n/a
                        2019-03 Managing Director                                                                         nil            n/a            n/a          Lapsed
                        2019-02 Other Key Stakeholders1                                                                   nil      24-Apr-19            n/a              n/a
                        2019-01 Executives                                                                                nil      30-Jun-21            n/a             TSR
                        2018-07 Other Key Stakeholders                                                                    nil      20-Sep-18      20-Sep-18              n/a
                        2018-04 Other Key Stakeholders                                                                    nil      30-Jun-20            n/a              n/a
                        2018-03 Other Key Stakeholders                                                                    nil      19-Apr-18       19-Apr-18             n/a
                        2018-02 Managing Director                                                                         nil            n/a            n/a          Lapsed
                        2018-01 Executives                                                                                nil      30-Jun-20            n/a             TSR
                        2017-04 Other Key Stakeholders                                                                    nil      30-Jun-19       30-Jun-19             n/a
                        2017-03 Executives                                                                                nil      31-Dec-19            n/a             TSR
                        2017-02 Managing Director                                                                         nil            n/a            n/a          Lapsed
                        2017-01 Executives                                                                                nil      30-Jun-19       30-Jun-19            TSR
                        2016-02 Managing Director                                                                         nil      30-Jun-18       30-Jun-18       TSR & RoE
                        2016-01 Executives                                                                                nil      30-Jun-18       30-Jun-18            TSR
                    1 Shares are held in trust for 18 months and may be forfeited in the event of compliance breaches.

                    The breakdown of share-based payments expense for the year by recipient is as follows. This represents the expense recorded to date
                    and does not reflect the opportunity to transfer to retained profits the value of those legacy series that will lapse.

                        Recipient                                                                                                                      2019            2018
                                                                                                                                                      $’000           $’000
                        Former Managing Director                                                                                                        (204)           893
                        Executives                                                                                                                     2,548            833
                        Other Key Stakeholders                                                                                                         2,484           1,002
                                                                                                                                                       4,828           2,728
                        Attributable to discontinued operations                                                                                          (31)             –
                                                                                                                                                       4,797           2,728


                    Accounting policies
                    The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards granted to employees is recognised as a share-based payment expense,
                    with a corresponding increase in the share-based payments reserve, over the years that the employees unconditionally become
                    entitled to the awards. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service
                    and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is based on
                    the number of awards that meet the related service and non-market performance conditions at vesting date.
                    For share-based payment awards with non-vesting conditions, the grant date fair value of the share-based payment is measured
                    to reflect such conditions and there is no true-up for differences between expected and actual outcomes.
                    The fair value at grant date is independently determined where considered appropriate. The option pricing model used takes into
                    account the exercise price, the term of the option, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility
                    of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the option.
                    Shares held by the Trust will contribute to the employee allocation of shares on satisfaction of vesting performance hurdles. The IOOF
                    Group has no right to recall placed shares. However, a subsidiary company acts as the Trustee of the Trust, and can direct the voting
                    rights of shares held.
                    Shares in the Company held by the Trust are classified and disclosed as treasury shares, and deducted from share capital. Dividends
         116        received by the Trust are recorded as dividend income in the financial statements of the Trust and are eliminated on consolidation.
                                                                                                                       IOOF | annual report 2019




                    6-3 IOOF Group subsidiaries
                    Set out below is a list of material subsidiaries of the IOOF Group.




For personal use only
                                                                                          Country of incorporation   Ownership interest
                                                                                                                        2019             2018
                                                                                                                           %                %
                        Parent entity
                        IOOF Holdings Ltd                                                 Australia
                        Material subsidiaries
                        AET Corporate Trust Pty Limited                                   Australia                        –            100.0
                        Australian Executor Trustees Limited                              Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        Bridges Financial Services Pty Limited                            Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        Consultum Financial Advisers Pty Ltd                              Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        Executive Wealth Management Financial Services Pty Limited        Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        IOOF Investment Management Limited                                Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        IOOF Ltd                                                          Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        IOOF Equity Plan Trust                                            Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        IOOF NZ Ltd                                                       New Zealand                  100.0            100.0
                        IOOF Service Co Pty Ltd                                           Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        IOOF Investment Services Ltd                                      Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        Lonsdale Financial Group Limited                                  Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        SFG Australia Limited                                             Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        Financial Acuity Limited                                          Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        Shadforth Financial Group Limited                                 Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        Actuate Alliance Services Pty Ltd                                 Australia                    100.0            100.0
                        Financial Investment Network Group Pty Limited                    Australia                    100.0                –
                        RI Advice Group Pty Ltd                                           Australia                    100.0                –
                        FSP Group Pty Limited                                             Australia                    100.0                –
                        Millennium 3 Financial Services Group Pty Ltd                     Australia                    100.0                –
                        Millennium 3 Financial Services Pty Ltd                           Australia                    100.0                –
                        Millennium3 Professional Services Pty Ltd                         Australia                    100.0                –
                        Financial Lifestyle Solutions Pty Limited                         Australia                    100.0                –
                        Financial Services Partners Management Trust                      Australia                    100.0                –
                        Ord Minnett Limited                                               Australia                      70.0             70.0
                        Ord Minnett Financial Planning Pty Limited                        Australia                      70.0             70.0
                        Ord Minnett Management Limited                                    Australia                      70.0             70.0




                                                                                                                                                   117
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Unconsolidated structured entities
                    The IOOF Group has interests in various structured entities that are not consolidated. An ’interest’ in an unconsolidated structured
                    entity is any form of contractual or non-contractual involvement which exposes the IOOF Group to variability of returns from the




For personal use only
                    performance of that entity. Such interests include holdings of equity securities and seed capital. The seed capital is primarily available
                    to support the business in establishing new products and is also used to support capital adequacy requirements of the benefit funds.

                    The IOOF Group has investments in managed investment funds through its asset management subsidiaries. Control of these
                    managed investment funds may exist since the IOOF Group has power over the activities of the fund. However, these funds have
                    not been consolidated because the IOOF Group is not exposed to significant variability in returns from the funds. The IOOF Group
                    earns management fees from the management of these investment funds which are commensurate with the services provided and
                    are reported in external management and service fees revenue in note 2-2. Management fees are generally based on the value of
                    the assets under management. Therefore, the fees earned are impacted by the composition of the assets under management and
                    fluctuations in financial markets.

                    Investment funds are investment vehicles that consist of a pool of funds collected from several investors for the purpose of investing
                    in securities such as money market instruments, debt securities, equity securities and other similar assets. For all investment funds,
                    the IOOF Group’s maximum exposure to loss is equivalent to the carrying amount of the investment in the fund.

                    6-4 Acquisition of subsidiary
                    On 1 October 2018, the ADGs formerly owned by ANZ joined the IOOF Group following the completion of a share sale agreement
                    between IOOF and ANZ. The ADGs provide services to clients including strategic financial advice and risk insurance solutions.

                    The IOOF Group acquired all of the ordinary shares in the parent entity of the ADGs for a total cash consideration of $25.1m.

                    In the period from acquisition to 30 June 2019, the ADGs contributed revenue of $158.8m and a loss of $16.1m to the IOOF Group’s
                    UNPAT results. This excludes integration preparation costs of $20.8m in relation to the acquisition of the ADGs and scheduled
                    acquisition of the ANZ P&I business.

                    If the acquisition had occurred on 1 July 2018, management estimates that the consolidated revenue from continuing operations
                    for the Group would have been $1,116.2m and consolidated loss from continuing operations for the year would have been $47.2m.
                    In determining these amounts, management has assumed that the fair value adjustments, determined provisionally, that arose
                    on the date of acquisition would have been the same if the acquisition had occurred on 1 July 2018.

                    The following summarises the major classes of consideration transferred, and the recognised amounts of assets acquired and
                    liabilities assumed at the acquisition date:

                                                                                                                                                       $’000
                        Consideration transferred
                        Cash                                                                                                                          23,000
                        Deferred consideration                                                                                                          2,128
                        Total consideration                                                                                                            25,128
                        Cash balances acquired                                                                                                        (24,240)
                        Consideration, net of cash acquired                                                                                              888

                    The impact on cash flows for the Group for the year was an outflow of $0.9m.

                    Acquisition-related costs
                    The IOOF Group has incurred acquisition-related costs of $23.7m in the financial year, on acquisition advisory, integration preparation
                    and finance costs in relation to the acquisition of the ADGs and scheduled acquisition of the ANZ P&I business. These costs have been
                    included in the Other Expenses in note 2-4.




         118
                                                                                                                                  IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
                    The following table summarises the recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                    $’000
                        Cash                                                                                                                       24,240
                        Receivables                                                                                                                  3,744
                        Prepayments                                                                                                                   579
                        Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                                             368
                        Property and equipment                                                                                                      1,600
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                                          1,033
                        Payables                                                                                                                    (2,103)
                        Borrowings                                                                                                                    (618)
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                                                       242
                        Provisions                                                                                                                  (3,493)*
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                                                      (544)
                        Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                                     25,048

                    *     $168.1m customer remediation provision acquired is wholly offset by the indemnity receivable under the sale agreement.					
                          		

                    Goodwill and intangibles
                    Goodwill and intangibles have been recognised as a result of the acquisition as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    $’000
                        Total consideration                                                                                                         25,128
                        Fair value of assets assumed                                                                                               (25,048)
                        Goodwill and intangibles acquired                                                                                              80

                    The goodwill is attributable mainly to the skills and technical talent of the ADGs’ work force and the synergies expected to be
                    achieved from integrating the ADGs into the IOOF Group’s existing business. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be
                    deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                                                                                                               119
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    6-5 Remuneration of auditors
                    Auditors’ remuneration paid or payable by members of the IOOF Group to the auditors of the corporate entities in relation to audit
                    services of the corporate entities and products operated by the IOOF Group during the year and for the prior year:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                    2019              2018
                                                                                                                                        $                $
                        Audit services
                        Auditors of the Company
                        KPMG Australia
                        Audit and review of financial reports                                                                    3,147,729      2,721,222
                        Other regulatory audit services                                                                         1,016,270       1,010,007
                                                                                                                                4,163,999      3,731,229
                        Other services
                        Auditors of the Company
                        KPMG Australia
                        Taxation services                                                                                          82,551           271,280
                        Due diligence services                                                                                    567,189           122,488
                        Other services                                                                                             29,040           417,427
                                                                                                                                  678,780           811,195
                                                                                                                               4,842,779       4,542,424

                    All amounts payable to the Auditors of the Company were paid by an IOOF Group subsidiary.

                    6-6 Key management personnel
                    The key management personnel compensation comprised:

                                                                                                                                    2019              2018
                                                                                                                                        $                $
                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                            4,662,992       4,888,457
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                 200,385            179,289
                        Share-based payments                                                                                     1,279,181      2,429,027
                        Termination benefits                                                                                    1,268,129                –
                                                                                                                                7,410,687      7,496,773

                    Key management personnel compensation reconciles to disclosures in the remuneration report as follows:

                        Executive key management personnel                                                                      6,406,756       4,102,746
                        Non-executive Directors                                                                                 1,003,931           965,000
                                                                                                                                7,410,687       5,067,746
                        Bonus deferred shares – at risk                                                                                 –       2,429,027
                        Total                                                                                                   7,410,687      7,496,773


                    Individual Directors and executives compensation disclosures
                    Information regarding individual Directors and executives compensation and some equity instruments disclosures as required
                    by Corporations Regulation 2M.3.03 is provided in the remuneration report section of the Directors’ Report.

                    No Director has entered into a material contract with the IOOF Group since the end of the prior financial year and there were
                    no material contracts involving directors’ interests existing at year-end.




        120
                                                                                                                                     IOOF | annual report 2019




                    6-7 Related party transactions
                    (a) Ultimate parent entity




For personal use only
                    IOOF Holdings Ltd is the ultimate parent entity in the IOOF Group.

                    (b) Loans to Directors and executives of associates and subsidiaries
                                                                                 Financial        Opening          Closing Interest paid/         Highest
                                                                                     year          balance         balance       payable          balance
                                                                                                     1 July        30 June   during year        during the
                                                                                                                                                      year
                                                                                                          $               $               $                  $
                        Interest free loans
                        Perennial Value Management Limited                            2019       2,286,717       1,944,381                –       2,286,717
                                                                                      2018        2,286,717       2,286,717               –       2,286,717
                        Interest bearing loans
                        Perennial Value Management Limited                            2019       6,402,062       5,794,350         228,939       6,505,622
                                                                                      2018        6,267,091       6,402,062         239,898       6,402,062

                    The amounts above were advanced by Perennial Investment Partners Pty Ltd and IOOF Investment Management Limited for the
                    specific purpose of assisting executives to acquire an equity interest in subsidiaries and associates of the Company. Secured interest
                    bearing loans totalling $5,794,350 were made on commercial terms and conditions and loans totalling $1,944,381 are unsecured
                    interest free loans.

                    (c) Investment in related entities
                    Through one of its subsidiaries, the Group (excluding benefit funds) holds investments in managed investment schemes that meet
                    the definition of related parties.

                                                                                                                                      2019             2018
                                                                                                                                          $                  $
                        Investment in related party schemes                                                                        279,662          407,517


                    (d) Transactions with key management personnel

                    i. Key management personnel compensation
                    Details of key management personnel compensation are disclosed in section 6-6 to the financial statements and in the
                    Remuneration Report.

                    ii. Loans to key management personnel
                    There are no loans between the IOOF Group and key management personnel.

                    iii. Other transactions with key management personnel of the IOOF Group
                    There were no other transactions with key management personnel of the IOOF Group during the 2019 and 2018 financial years.




                                                                                                                                                                 121
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Section 7 – Basis of preparation




For personal use only
                        This section sets out the IOOF Group’s accounting policies that relate to the financial statements as a whole.
                        Where an accounting policy is specific to a single note, the policy is described in the note to which it relates.
                        This section also shows new accounting standards, amendments and interpretations, and whether they are effective
                        in 2019 or later years. How these changes are expected to impact the financial position and performance of the
                        IOOF Group is explained in this section.


                    7-1 Reporting entity                                              (b) Basis of measurement
                    The Company is a public company listed on the Australian          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on
                    Stock Exchange (trading under the symbol ’IFL’), domiciled        the historical cost basis except for the following material items
                    in Australia. The consolidated financial statements of the        in the statement of financial position:
                    Company as at and for the year ended 30 June 2019 comprise        • financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
                    the Company and its controlled entities and the IOOF Group’s         are measured at fair value; and
                    interests in associates.
                                                                                      • equity investments are fair value through other
                    The IOOF Group is a for-profit entity and is primarily involved      comprehensive income are measured at fair value.
                    in the provision of wealth management services.                   • assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale
                    The Company’s registered office and its principal place              in accordance with AASB 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale
                    of business are Level 6, 161 Collins Street, Melbourne.              and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance
                                                                                         with that Standard.
                    7-2 Basis of preparation                                          The statement of financial position is presented in
                                                                                      order of liquidity.
                    (a) Statement of compliance
                    These general purpose financial statements have been              (c) Functional and presentation currency
                    prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards       These consolidated financial statements are presented in
                    (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards            Australian dollars, which is the Company’s functional currency.
                    Board (AASB) and the Corporations Act 2001. The consolidated      All amounts have been rounded to the nearest thousand
                    financial statements comply with International Financial          unless otherwise stated.
                    Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the International
                    Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                                (d) Rounding of amounts
                    The annual financial report was approved by the                   The Company is a company of the kind referred to in ASIC
                    Board of Directors on 26 August 2019.                             Corporations Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016, and
                                                                                      in accordance with that Instrument amounts in the financial
                                                                                      report are rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars,
                                                                                      narrative disclosures are expressed in whole dollars or as
                                                                                      otherwise indicated.




        122
                                                                                                                               IOOF | annual report 2019




                    (e) Use of estimates and judgements                               7-3 Other significant accounting policies
                    To conform with AASBs management is required to make              Significant accounting policies have been included in the
                    judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the             relevant notes to which the policies relate. Other significant




For personal use only
                    application of accounting policies and the reported amounts       accounting policies are listed below.
                    of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may
                                                                                      Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified
                    differ from these estimates.
                                                                                      to conform with the current year’s presentation.
                    Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
                    an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are           (a) Changes in accounting policies
                    recognised in the year in which the estimates are revised and     A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF limited, is a friendly
                    in any future years affected.                                     society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995
                    Information about critical judgements in applying accounting      (the ’Act’). The funds operated by IOOF Limited, and any trusts
                    policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts     controlled by those Funds, are treated as statutory funds in
                    recognised in the financial statements is included in the         accordance with the Act. These statutory funds continue to
                    following notes:                                                  be consolidated in accordance with accounting standards.
                                                                                      For the year ended 30 June 2019 and going forward, the
                    • section 1-1 – Contingent consideration;
                                                                                      assets, liabilities, income and expenses of these statutory funds
                    • section 2-4 – (vi) Deferred acquisition costs;
                                                                                      have been included on a line by line basis in the financial
                    • section 4-2 – Intangible assets (other than goodwill);          statements. Where relevant, comparative primary financial
                    • section 4-3 – Goodwill; and                                     statements and disclosures have been restated to ensure
                    • section 6-2 – Share-based payments.                             consistency in presentation of financial information across the
                                                                                      applicable comparative periods. This change has been made
                    Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties        as it provides information on a basis consistent with broader
                    that have a significant risk of resulting in a material           industry and does not give rise to a change in net profit or net
                    adjustment within the next financial year are included            assets of the Group.
                    in the following notes:
                                                                                      The table below shows how the comparative balances of
                    • note 4-2 & 4-3 – key assumptions used in discounted
                                                                                      these statutory funds have been reclassified.
                        cash flow projections; and
                    • note 3-4 & 4-4 – contingencies and provisions.




                                                                                                                                                           123
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                    2018            2018            2018
                                                                                                              previously     adjustment          revised




For personal use only
                                                                                                               reported
                                                                                                                   $’000           $’000           $’000
                        Assets
                        Cash                                                                                      121,441           4,178         125,619
                        Certificates of deposit                                                                   407,443               –        407,443
                        Receivables                                                                                99,659          54,694        154,353
                        Other financial assets                                                                     55,087        970,464        1,025,551
                        Prepayments                                                                                17,307               –          17,307
                        Deferred acquisition costs                                                                  1,552               –           1,552
                        Associates                                                                                 24,002               –         24,002
                        Property and equipment                                                                     19,339               –          19,339
                        Intangible assets                                                                         408,310               –        408,310
                        Goodwill                                                                                 940,226                –        940,226
                        Assets relating to statutory funds                                                      1,036,491       (1,036,491)              –
                        Total assets                                                                            3,130,857           (7,155)     3,123,702
                        Liabilities
                        Payables                                                                                   65,139           9,955         75,094
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                   392       1,014,881       1,015,273
                        Borrowings                                                                                 25,615         (25,615)               –
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                         –          25,615          25,615
                        Provisions                                                                                116,335               –         116,335
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   69,255           4,500          73,755
                        Deferred revenue liability                                                                  1,413               –           1,413
                        Lease incentives                                                                            3,530               –           3,530
                        Liabilities relating to statutory funds                                                 1,036,491       (1,036,491)              –
                        Total liabilities                                                                        1,318,170          (7,155)     1,311,015
                        Net assets                                                                             1,812,687                –      1,812,687
                        Equity
                        Share capital                                                                           1,967,023               –       1,967,023
                        Reserves                                                                                   19,413               –          19,413
                        Accumulated losses                                                                       (184,169)              –        (184,169)
                        Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                              1,802,267               –       1,802,267
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                   10,420               –          10,420
                        Total equity                                                                           1,812,687                –      1,812,687

                    The IOOF Group has consistently applied the accounting policies to all years presented in these consolidated financial statements,
                    except as identified at note 7-4.




        124
                                                                                                                                 IOOF | annual report 2019




                    (b) Basis of consolidation                                         (ii) Non-controlling interests (NCI)
                    The consolidated financial statements incorporate the              NCI are measured at their proportionate share of the acquiree’s
                    assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of the Company as at    identifiable net assets at the acquisition date. Changes in the




For personal use only
                    30 June 2019 and the results of all controlled subsidiaries for    IOOF Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss
                    the year then ended. This includes the benefit funds of its        of control are accounted for as equity transactions.
                    subsidiary, IOOF Ltd, and any controlled trusts.
                                                                                       (iii) Subsidiaries
                    The benefit funds, and any trusts controlled by those funds,       Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the IOOF Group.
                    are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the Life         The IOOF Group controls an entity when it is exposed to,
                    Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds, in addition to the      or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the
                    statutory funds of the life insurance business conducted by        entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
                    the IOOF Group, are shown separately from shareholder funds        power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries
                    in the notes to the financial statements.                          are included in the consolidated financial statements from the
                    Refer to Note 1-1 Assets and liabilities relating to statutory     date on which control commences until the date on which
                    funds for information in relation to the different accounting      control ceases.
                    treatment of investment contracts with discretionary
                                                                                       (iv) Loss of control
                    participating features.
                                                                                       When the IOOF Group loses control over a subsidiary,
                    (i) Business combinations                                          it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary,
                    The IOOF Group accounts for business combinations                  and any related NCI and other components of equity.
                    using the acquisition method when control is transferred.          Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.
                    The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally      Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured
                    measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets         at fair value when control is lost.
                    acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for
                                                                                       (v) IOOF Equity Plan Trust (the “Trust”)
                    impairment. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised
                    in profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are expensed      The IOOF Group has formed a trust to administer the
                    as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or             IOOF Group’s employee share schemes. The Trust is
                    equity securities.                                                 consolidated, as the substance of the relationship is that
                                                                                       the Trust is controlled by the IOOF Group. Shares held by
                    Any contingent consideration payable is recognised at fair         the Trust are disclosed as treasury shares and are deducted
                    value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration     from share capital.
                    is classified as equity, it is not remeasured and settlement is
                    accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes         (vi) Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                    to the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised   Intra-IOOF Group balances and transactions, and any
                    in profit or loss.                                                 unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-IOOF Group
                    When share-based payment awards (replacement awards)               transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated
                    are required to be exchanged for awards held by the acquiree’s     financial statements. Unrealised gains arising from transactions
                    employees (acquiree’s awards) and relate to past services, then    with equity accounted investees are eliminated against the
                    all or a portion of the amount of the acquiree’s replacement       investment to the extent of the IOOF Group’s interest in
                    awards is included in measuring the consideration transferred      the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same
                    in the business combination. This determination is based on        way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is
                    the market-based value of the replacement awards compared          no evidence of impairment. Dividends paid to the Trust are
                    with the market-based value of the acquiree’s awards and the       also eliminated.
                    extent to which the replacement awards relate to past and/or
                    future service.




                                                                                                                                                             125
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    (c) Foreign currency                                                  (iii) Depreciation
                                                                                          Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line
                    Foreign currency transactions
                                                                                          basis over the estimated useful lives of each component




For personal use only
                    Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the              of an item of property and equipment. Leased assets are
                    foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.          depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful
                    Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign                lives unless it is reasonably certain that the IOOF Group will
                    currencies at the balance sheet date are translated to                obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.
                    Australian dollars at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that
                                                                                          Items of property and equipment are depreciated from the
                    date. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation
                                                                                          date that they are installed and are ready for use, or in respect
                    are recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary assets and
                                                                                          of internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset
                    liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
                                                                                          is completed and ready for use.
                    foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at
                    the date of the transaction.                                          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative year
                                                                                          are as follows:
                    Foreign operations
                                                                                          • office equipment 3-10 years
                    The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including
                                                                                          • leasehold improvements 3-10 years
                    goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation,
                    are translated to Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates        • equipment under finance lease 3-10 years
                    ruling at the balance sheet date. The revenue and expenses            Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are
                    of foreign operations are translated to Australian dollars at rates   reviewed at each reporting date, and adjusted if appropriate.
                    approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates
                    of the transactions.                                                  (e) Impairment
                    Foreign currency differences are recognised directly in equity        (i) Non-derivative financial assets
                    in the foreign currency translation reserve.
                                                                                          A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss
                    (d) Property and equipment                                            is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there
                                                                                          is objective evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is
                    (i) Recognition and measurement                                       impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has
                    Property and equipment are measured at cost less                      occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that the
                    any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated                      loss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash
                    impairment losses.                                                    flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

                    Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable               Objective evidence that financial assets (including equity
                    to the acquisition of the asset.                                      securities) are impaired can include default or delinquency by
                                                                                          a debtor, restructuring of an amount due to the IOOF Group
                    The gain or loss on divestment of an item of property and
                                                                                          on terms that the IOOF Group would not consider otherwise,
                    equipment is determined by comparing the proceeds from
                                                                                          indications that a debtor or issuer will enter bankruptcy,
                    divestment with the carrying amount of the property and
                                                                                          adverse changes in the payment status of borrowers or
                    equipment and is recognised net within other income/other
                                                                                          issuers in the IOOF Group, economic conditions that correlate
                    expenses in profit or loss. When revalued assets are sold,
                                                                                          with defaults or the disappearance of an active market of a
                    any related amount included in the revaluation reserve is
                                                                                          security. In addition, for an investment in an equity security,
                    transferred to retained earnings.
                                                                                          a significant or prolonged decline in its fair value below its
                                                                                          cost is considered objective evidence of impairment.
                    (ii) Subsequent costs
                    Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount
                    or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it
                    is probable that future economic benefits associated with the
                    item will flow to the IOOF Group. Repairs and maintenance
                    costs are charged to profit or loss as they are incurred.




        126
                                                                                                                                   IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                          Associates
                    The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit             An impairment loss in respect of an associate is measured by
                    losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost.               comparing the recoverable amount of the investment with




For personal use only
                    When determining whether the credit risk of a financial              its carrying amount. An impairment loss is recognised in profit
                    asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and      or loss, and is reversed if there has been a favourable change
                    when estimating expected credit losses, the Group considers          in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
                    reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and
                    available without undue cost or effort. This includes both           (ii) Non-financial assets
                    quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based         The carrying amounts of the IOOF Group’s non-financial
                    on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit             assets, other than deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each
                    assessment and including forward-looking information.                reporting date to determine whether there is any indication
                                                                                         of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s
                    The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when the
                                                                                         recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill, and intangible
                    borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in
                                                                                         assets that have indefinite useful lives or that are not yet
                    full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising
                                                                                         available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated each
                    security, or the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.
                                                                                         year at the same time.
                    The maximum period considered when estimating expected
                    credit losses is the maximum contractual period over which           An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount
                    the Group is exposed to the credit risk.                             of an asset or its related cash-generating unit (CGU) exceeds
                                                                                         its estimated recoverable amount.
                    Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of
                    credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value       The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit
                    of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows   is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to
                    due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the            sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
                    cash flows that the Group expects to receive). Expected credit       are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
                    losses are discounted at the effective interest rate of the          rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
                    financial asset. Loss allowances for financial assets measured       of money and the risks specific to the asset. Subject to an
                    at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying               operating segment ceiling test, for the purposes of goodwill
                    amount of the assets.                                                impairment testing, CGUs to which goodwill has been
                                                                                         allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment
                    Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through OCI           is tested reflects the lowest level at which goodwill is
                    Impairment losses on equity investments at fair value through        monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired
                    OCI are recognised by reclassifying the losses accumulated           in a business combination is allocated to groups of CGUs that
                    in the investment revaluation reserve to profit or loss.             are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
                    The cumulative loss that is reclassified from equity to profit       Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss.
                    or loss is the difference between the acquisition cost, net of       Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated
                    any principal repayment and amortisation, and the current            first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated
                    fair value, less any impairment loss previously recognised           to the units, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the
                    in profit or loss.                                                   other assets in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis.
                    Changes in impairment provisions attributable to application         An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.
                    of the effective interest method are reflected as a component        In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognised
                    of interest income. If, in a subsequent year, the fair value         in prior years are assessed at each reporting date for any
                    of an impaired debt investment at fair value through OCI             indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists.
                    increases and the increase can be related objectively to an          An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change
                    event occurring after the impairment loss was recognised             in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
                    in profit or loss, then the impairment loss is reversed, with        An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the
                    the amount of the reversal recognised in profit or loss.             asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
                    However, any subsequent recovery in the fair value of                that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
                    an impaired debt investment at fair value through OCI is             amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
                    recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                                               127
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an               (h) Non-current assets held for sale
                    investment in an associate is not recognised separately, and        Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held
                    therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the     for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally




For personal use only
                    entire amount of the investment in an associate is tested for       through a sale transaction rather than through continuing
                    impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence       use. This condition is regarded as met only when the asset
                    that the investment in an associate may be impaired.                (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present
                                                                                        condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary
                    (f) Goods and service tax (GST)
                                                                                        for sales for such asset (or disposal group) and its sale is highly
                    Revenues, expenses and assets (excluding receivables) are           probable. Management must be committed to the sale, which
                    recorded net of GST. GST input tax credits are initially recorded   should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed
                    as an asset and GST collected as a liability. These balances        sale within one year from the date of classification.
                    are offset as at the reporting date and recognised as either
                    an amount receivable or payable to the Australian Taxation          When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss
                    Office. The GST portion relating to financial supplies and          of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets and liabilities of
                    non-deductible expenditure, for which an input tax credit           that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria
                    cannot be claimed, is expensed or is recognised as part of the      described above are met.
                    cost of acquisition of an asset.                                    Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held
                    Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount         for sale are measured at the lower of their previous carrying
                    of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST                 amount and fair value less costs to sell.
                    recoverable from, or payable to, the Australian Taxation Office
                    is included with other receivables or payables in the statement
                                                                                        7-4 Adoption of new and revised Standards
                    of financial position.
                                                                                        New and amended Standards that are effective
                    Cash flows are presented in the statement of cash flows on          for the current year
                    a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from
                    investing or financing activities which are recoverable from,       Impact of initial application of AASB 9 Financial
                    or payable to, the Australian Taxation Office are presented         Instruments
                    as operating cash flows.                                            In the current year, the Group has applied AASB 9
                                                                                        Financial Instruments (as revised in July 2014) and the
                    (g) Leases
                                                                                        related consequential amendments to other Standards that
                    Leases in terms of which the IOOF Group assumes substantially       are effective for an annual period that begins on or after
                    all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance    1 January 2018. The transition provisions of AASB 9 allow
                    leases. Upon initial recognition the leased asset is measured       an entity not to restate comparatives. AASB 9 introduced
                    at an amount equal to the lower of its fair value and the           the following new requirements:
                    present value of the minimum lease payments. Subsequent to
                    initial recognition, the asset is accounted for in accordance       (a) Classification and measurement of financial assets
                    with the accounting policy applicable to that asset.
                                                                                        The date of initial application (i.e. the date on which the
                    Minimum lease payments made under finance leases                    Group has assessed its existing financial assets and financial
                    are apportioned between the finance expense and the                 liabilities in terms of the requirements of AASB 9) is 1 July 2018.
                    reduction of the outstanding liability. The finance expense         Accordingly, the Group has applied the requirements
                    is allocated to each year during the lease term so as to            of AASB 9 to instruments that continue to be recognised
                    produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining       as at 1 July 2018 and has not applied the requirements
                    balance of the liability. Other leases are operating leases         to instruments that have already been derecognised as at
                    and are not recognised on the IOOF Group’s statement                1 July 2018. Comparative amounts in relation to instruments
                    of financial position.                                              that continue to be recognised as at 1 July 2018 have been
                                                                                        restated where appropriate.

                                                                                        All recognised financial assets that are within the scope
                                                                                        of AASB 9 are required to be measured subsequently at
                                                                                        amortised cost or fair value on the basis of the entity’s business
                                                                                        model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
                                                                                        cash flow characteristics of the financial assets.


        128
                                                                                                                                IOOF | annual report 2019




                    The directors of the Company reviewed and assessed the               The IOOF Group previously recognised investment manager
                    Group’s existing financial assets as at 1 July 2018 based on         fees and adviser payments as a reduction to management
                    the facts and circumstances that existed at that date and            and service fees revenue. Upon adoption of AASB 15 these




For personal use only
                    concluded that the initial application of AASB 9 has had the         costs are now recognised in service and marketing fees
                    following impact on the Group’s financial assets as regards          expense. This change does not impact the IOOF Group’s profit.
                    their classification and measurement:                                If the Standard had been applied in the 2018 financial year,
                                                                                         the Group’s reported revenues and expenses would have
                    The Group’s equity investments were classified as
                                                                                         been as follows:
                    available-for-sale financial assets under AASB 139 Financial
                    Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The investments                                     2018            2018            2018
                    have been reclassified as financial assets at fair value through                        previously        AASB 15          revised
                    Other Comprehensive Income under AASB 9 because they are                                 reported      adjustment
                    held for long-term strategic purposes. The change in fair value                              $’000           $’000           $’000
                    on these equity instruments continues to be accumulated in            Management           708,894          98,200         807,094
                    the investments revaluation reserve.                                  and service
                                                                                          fees revenue
                    (b) Impairment of financial assets                                    External other        26,841             (271)        26,570
                                                                                          fee revenue
                    In relation to the impairment of financial assets, AASB 9
                    requires an expected credit loss model as opposed to an               Service and          (219,731)        (97,929)       (317,660)
                                                                                          marketing fees
                    incurred credit loss model under AASB 139. The expected               expense
                    credit loss model requires the Group to account for expected
                                                                                                               516,004               –         516,004
                    credit losses and changes in those expected credit losses
                    at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since       The IOOF Group previously recognised insurance revenue
                    initial recognition of the financial assets. In other words, it is   when it was received. Upon adoption of AASB 15 revenue is
                    no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before       now recorded upfront at the commencement of the policy.
                    credit losses are recognised.                                        As the advisers of the IOOF Group have an obligation to review
                    The adoption of AASB 9 has not had a significant impact              the suitability of the product’s offered on an annual basis
                    on the recognition and measurement of the IOOF Group’s               unless otherwise specified, this has an immaterial impact.
                    financial instruments.
                                                                                         (i) Management and service fees revenue
                    Impact of initial application of AASB 15 Revenue                     The IOOF Group provides management services to unit trusts
                    from Contracts with Customers                                        and funds operated by the IOOF Group at normal commercial
                    In the current year, the Group has applied AASB 15 Revenue           rates. Management and service fees earned from the unit
                    from Contracts with Customers (as amended in April 2016)             trusts and funds are calculated based on an agreed percentage
                    which is effective for an annual period that begins on or after      of the respective funds under management or administration
                    1 January 2018. AASB 15 introduced a 5‑step approach to              as disclosed in the respective product disclosure statements,
                    revenue recognition. Far more prescriptive guidance has been         and are recognised on an accruals basis. The IOOF Group
                    added in AASB 15 to deal with specific scenarios. Details of         recognises management and service fees revenue at the time
                    the new requirements as well as their impact on the Group’s          the service is provided. There has been no significant change
                    consolidated financial statements are described below.               to this treatment under AASB 15.

                    The Group’s accounting policies for its revenue streams are          (ii) Other revenue
                    disclosed in detail in note 2-3. The application of AASB 15 has
                                                                                         Stockbroking revenue and external other fee revenue are also
                    not had a significant impact on the financial position and/or
                                                                                         recognised at the time the service is provided. There has been
                    the net profit/loss of the Group.
                                                                                         no significant change to this treatment under AASB 15.




                                                                                                                                                            129
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Notes to the financial statements
                    For the year ended 30 June 2019
                    New and revised Standards in issue but not                           The IOOF Group will apply the standard using a modified
                    yet effective                                                        retrospective approach and plans to adopt AASB 16
                                                                                         in the consolidated financial statements for the year
                    At the date of authorisation of these financial statements,




For personal use only
                                                                                         ended 30 June 2020.
                    the Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRS
                    Standards that have been issued but are not yet effective:           AASB 17 Insurance Contracts
                                                                                         AASB 17 replaces AASB 4 Insurance Contracts and similarly
                        AASB 16                      Leases
                                                                                         applies to insurance contracts. The classification of insurance
                        AASB 17                      Insurance Contracts
                                                                                         contracts is similar to AASB 4 Insurance Contracts however
                        Amendments to AASB 128       Long-term Interests in Associates   unbundling rule changes may mean some contract
                                                     and Joint Ventures
                                                                                         components now need to be measured under AASB 17.
                        Annual Improvements to       Amendments to IFRS 3 Business
                        IFRS Standards 2015–2017     Combinations, IFRS 11 Joint         The new standard contains a lower level of aggregation/
                        Cycle                        Arrangements, IAS 12 Income         smaller portfolios, changes to contract boundaries and
                                                     Taxes and IAS 23 Borrowing Costs
                                                                                         valuation approaches, the application of Contractual Service
                        AASB 10 Consolidated         Sale or Contribution of Assets
                                                                                         Margins to policies valued under certain methodologies,
                        Financial Statements and     between an Investor and its
                        AASB 128 (amendments)        Associate or Joint Venture          changes in treatment to reinsurance and an ability to use
                        IFRIC 23                     Uncertainty over Income Tax         Other Comprehensive Income for changes in asset values.
                                                     Treatments
                                                                                         The IOOF Group is in the process of assessing the potential
                                                                                         impact of its consolidated financial statements and the impact
                    The directors do not expect that the adoption of the
                                                                                         has not yet been determined. The IOOF Group plans to adopt
                    Standards listed above will have a material impact on the
                                                                                         AASB 17 in the consolidated financial statements for the year
                    financial statements of the Group in future periods, except
                                                                                         ended 30 June 2022.
                    as noted below:

                    AASB 16 Leases                                                       7-5 Subsequent events
                    AASB 16 introduces a single, on-balance sheet lease                  The Directors have declared the payment of a final dividend
                    accounting model for lessees. A lessee recognises a                  of 12.0 cents per ordinary share franked to 100% based on tax
                    right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying      paid at 30%, to be paid on 27 September 2019.
                    asset and a lease liability representing its obligation to make
                                                                                         The Directors have declared the payment of a special 2020
                    lease payments. There are optional exemptions for short-term
                                                                                         dividend of 7.0 cents per ordinary share franked to 100% based
                    leases and leases of low value items.
                                                                                         on tax paid at 30%, to be paid on 27 September 2019.
                    AASB 16 replaces existing leases guidance including AASB 17
                                                                                         The Directors are not aware of any other matter or
                    Leases, IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains
                                                                                         circumstance not otherwise dealt with in this report,
                    a Lease, SIC-15 Operating Leases-Incentives and SIC-27 Evaluating
                                                                                         or the accompanying financial statements and notes thereto,
                    the Substance of Transactions involving the Legal Form of a Lease.
                                                                                         that has arisen since 30 June 2019 that has significantly
                    The Standard is effective for annual years beginning on or           affected, or may significantly affect:
                    after 1 January 2019. Early adoption is permitted for entities       • the IOOF Group’s operations in future financial years; or
                    that apply AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                                                                                         • the results of those operations in future financial years; or
                    at or before the date of initial application of AASB 16.
                                                                                         • the IOOF Group’s state of affairs in future financial years.
                    The IOOF Group has prepared calculations of the initial impact
                    of implementing the Standard in its consolidated financial
                    statements. The most significant impact identified is that the
                    IOOF Group will recognise new assets and liabilities for its
                    property operating leases of $81.7m. The nature of expenses
                    related to those leases will now change as AASB 16 replaces
                    the straight-line operating lease expense with a depreciation
                    charge for right-of-use assets and interest expense on
                    lease liabilities.




        130
                                                                                                                                     IOOF | annual report 2019




                    Shareholder information
                    Share Capital
                    IOOF has on issue 351,076,027 fully paid ordinary shares held by 56,006 holders as at 17 October 2019.




For personal use only
                    Voting Rights
                    IOOF’s fully paid ordinary shares carry voting rights of one vote per share.

                    Twenty largest shareholders as at 17 October 2019
                    The following table sets out the top 20 registered holders of shares.

                        Rank   Holder Name                                                                                    Balance at       % of issued
                                                                                                                             17 Oct 2019           capital
                        1      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                      57,033,060           16.245%
                        2      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                  40,439,913            11.519%
                        3      J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                      26,874,529             7.655%
                        4      THE TRUST COMPANY (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <MR BRUCE WILLIAM NEILL A/C>                             24,414,295            6.954%
                        5      BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                 10,905,369             3.106%
                        6      NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                       9,206,047            2.622%
                        7      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                           8,993,554            2.562%
                        8      AIGLE ROYAL SUPERANNUATION PTY LTD <A POLI SUPER FUND A/C>                                      3,500,000            0.997%
                        9      MILTON CORPORATION LIMITED                                                                      2,575,014            0.733%
                        10     CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                    2,428,673            0.692%
                        11     SAM GANNON PTY LTD <THE J B GANNON FAMILY A/C>                                                  2,265,506            0.645%
                        12     MRS SALLY KELAHER                                                                               1,928,518            0.549%
                        13     THANECORP AUSTRALIA PTY LTD <THANECORP INVESTMENT A/C>                                          1,759,942             0.501%
                        14     MR IAN GREGORY GRIFFITHS                                                                         1,750,419           0.499%
                        15     MR BRUCE WILLIAM NEILL                                                                           1,351,428           0.385%
                        16     WPQ HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                            1,133,098            0.323%
                        17     THANECORP AUSTRALIA PTY LTD <THANECORP INVESTMENT A/C>                                          1,000,000            0.285%
                        18     AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <IPS SUPER A/C>                                              892,854            0.254%
                        19     IOOF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LIMITED <IOOF EXEC UNALLOCATED A/C>                                    862,255            0.246%
                        20     MR IAN GREGORY GRIFFITHS                                                                          855,377            0.244%
                               Total Securities of Top 20 Holdings                                                           200,169,851            57.016%
                               Total of Securities                                                                           351,076,027




                                                                                                                                                                 131
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




                   Shareholder information
                    Distribution of members and their holdings
                    The following table summarises the distribution of our listed shares as at 17 October 2019.




For personal use only
                        Range                                                No of Holders                        No of Units               % Issued Capital
                        1-1,000                                                      32,757                        12,721,224                          3.620
                        1,001-5,000                                                  18,865                        44,587,215                         12.700
                        5,001-10,000                                                  3,388                        24,339,578                          6.930
                        10,001-100,000                                                1,873                        40,788,134                         11.620
                        100,001+                                                        123                       228,639,876                         65.130
                        Totals                                                       57,006                     351,076,027                         100.000

                    There were 2,060 shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of shares based on a market price of $6.36 at the close of
                    trading on 16 October 2019 and there were 20 per cent of shareholders with registered addresses outside Australia.

                    Substantial Shareholdings
                    Substantial shareholders as at 17 October 2019 are shown below, with the date of their last notice lodged in accordance with
                    section 671B of the Corporations Act:

                        Name                                                                        Date of            No of      % of Issued Share Capital
                                                                                                 last notice      Ord Shares        as at date of last notice
                    Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc (SMTH) and its Subsidiaries                  9/8/19        31,036,357                         8.84%
                    Legg Mason Asset Management Australia Limited                                   16/4/19        29,592,560                         8.42%
                    Bruce Neill                                                                     21/11/17       24,414,295                        6.954%


                    Share register and other enquiries
                    If you have any questions in relation to your shareholding, share transfers or dividends, please contact our share registry:

                    Boardroom Pty Limited
                    Level 12, 225 George Street
                    Sydney NSW 2000

                    Phone: 1300 737 760 (Australia only)
                    Phone: + 612 9290 9600
                    Email:   IOOF@boardroomlimited.com.au
                    Website: www.boardroomlimited.com.au

                    Please include your shareholder reference number (SRN) or holder identification number (HIN) in all correspondence to
                    the share registry.




        132
                        IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only



                                                    133
                    IOOF | annual report 2019




For personal use only



        134
                    Corporate directory
                    (as at 28 October 2019)




For personal use only
                    Directors                                             Principal registered office in Australia
                    Mr Allan Griffiths                                    Level 6, 161 Collins Street
                    B.Bus, DipLi                                          Melbourne, VIC 3000
                    Chairman
                                                                          (03) 8614 4400
                    Mr Renato Mota
                    B.Com (Hons), B.Bus                                   Share registry
                    CEO and Managing Director
                                                                          Boardroom Pty Limited
                    Mr Andrew Bloore                                      Level 12, 225 George Street
                                                                          Sydney NSW 2000
                    Ms Elizabeth Flynn
                    LL.B, Grad Dip AppCorpGov, FAICD, FFin, FGIA, FCIS.
                                                                          Auditor
                    Ms Jane Harvey
                                                                          KPMG
                    B.Com, MBA, FCA, FAICD
                                                                          Tower Two, Collins Square, 727 Collins Street
                    Mr John Selak                                         Docklands VIC 3008
                    Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD

                    Ms Michelle Somerville                                Solicitors
                    B.Bus (Accounting), MApp Sc, FCA, GAICD               King & Wood Mallesons
                    Mr George Venardos                                    Level 50, Bourke Place
                    (Leave of absence commenced 10 December 2018)         600 Bourke Street
                    B.Com, FCA, FGIA, FAICD, FCIS                         Melbourne VIC 3000


                    Company Secretary                                     Bankers
                    Mr A Paul M Vine                                      Commonwealth Bank Limited
                    LL.B, FGIA, FCIS, GAICD                               Tower 1, 201 Sussex Street, Sydney NSW 2000


                    Notice of Annual General Meeting                      Securities exchange listing
                    The Annual General Meeting of IOOF Holdings Ltd       IOOF Holdings Ltd shares are listed on the
                    will be held at:                                      Australian Securities Exchange

                    Sheraton Melbourne Hotel                              (ASX: IFL)
                    27 Little Collins Street
                    Melbourne, Victoria 3000                              Website address
                    Time 9.30am                                           www.ioof.com.au

                    Date 28 November 2019

                    A formal notice of meeting is available on our
                    website and has been sent to shareholders
CRA-7453 (51492) 1019

                        For personal use only
