For personal use only
                                                                                                           7 October 2022


                                             Insignia Financial Ltd - 2022 Annual Report

                    In accordance with the ASX Listing Rules, Insignia Financial Ltd attaches the 2022
                    Annual Report.


                                                                         -ENDS-

                    Authorised for release by the Board of Insignia Financial Ltd.


                        Investor Enquiries                                    Media enquiries

                        Andrew Ehlich                                         Kristen Allen
                        GM Capital Markets                                    GM Corporate Affairs
                        Insignia Financial                                    Insignia Financial
                        M: +61 407 223 044                                    M: +61 412 759 753
                        E: andrew.ehlich@insigniafinancial.com.au             E: kristen.allen@insigniafinancial.com.au




                    About Insignia Financial Ltd

                    Insignia Financial has been helping Australians secure their financial future since 1846.
                    During that time, we have grown substantially to become one of the largest groups in the
                    financial services industry.

                    Insignia Financial provides advisers and their clients with the following services:
                    •     Financial Advice services via our extensive network of financial advisers;
                    •     Portfolio & Estate Administration for advisers, their clients and hundreds of
                          employers in Australia; and
                    •     Investment Management products that are designed to suit any investor’s needs.
                    Further information about Insignia Financial can be found at
                    www.insigniafinancial.com.au




                    Insignia Financial Ltd       Level 1, 800 Bourke Street   GPO Box 264
                    ABN 49 100 103 722           Docklands VIC 3008           Melbourne VIC 3001
For personal use only
                        We are Insignia Financial
                        Insignia Financial Ltd Annual Report 2022
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                                                       Insignia Financial acknowledges the Traditional Custodians
                                                          of Country of the land on which we live and work, and




For personal use only
                                                         recognises their continuing connection to lands, waters
                                                         and communities. We pay our respect to Aboriginal and
                                                         Torres Strait Islander peoples and their cultures, and to
                                                                          Elders past and present.
                                                       Together we recognise and value the ongoing contribution
                                                          of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and
                                                        communities to Australian life and how this enriches us.
                                                        We embrace the spirit of reconciliation, working towards
                                                          equality of outcomes and ensuring an equal voice.
                        Insignia Financial is a leading Australian




For personal use only
                        wealth manager, working every day to
                        deliver what matters for Australians –
                        security, peace of mind and financial
                        wellbeing. We are among the top 200
                        companies listed on the ASX, with over
                        $297 billion in funds under management
                        and administration.

                        We serve around two million clients, and our
                        services cover a broad range of their financial
                        needs. We provide security in retirement
                        through superannuation and pensions, wealth
                        accumulation through asset management, ease
                        of portfolio administration through our platforms
                        and expert, personalised guidance through our
                        financial advice teams.

                        The breadth of our financial expertise, the
                        strength of our financial position, and our
                        investment in innovation means we can meet
                        the evolving financial needs of a wide range of
                                                                             Contents
                        Australians – from those starting their careers to
                        those enjoying retirement.                                  Our business
                                                                             02     Our services
                                                                             04     Chairman’s letter
                                                                             06	2022 results at a glance
                                                                             08     CEO’s letter



                                                                                    Sustainability
                                                                             12	Environmental, social and
                                                                                 governance report



                                                                                    Financials
                                                                             39     Directors
                                                                             41     Financial report
                        Reconciliation design: Leigh Harris
                                                                             147    Shareholder information
                        Insignia Financial Ltd ABN 49 100 103 722            149    Corporate directory


                                                                                                              Welcome | 1
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




              Our services




For personal use only
               Whether starting a career or a family, building a business or enjoying a ‘full-time life’ in
               retirement, financial security – and the feeling of financial wellbeing it brings – is what enables
               Australians to enjoy a full, rich life.

               At Insignia Financial we deliver the financial services products and advice that enable that life.




                                                                               Platforms




                                                                               Clients
                                                                                                            ment
                                                                                                           age
                                                               Ad
                                                               vic                                     an
                                                                e                                  tM
                                                                                                      se
                                                                                                 As




                        Advice                                      Platforms                                    Asset Management
                        Our extensive network of advisers           As one of the largest super                  We apply our knowledge and
                        provide financial advice options            fund and pension providers in                experience with the aim of delivering
                        along the spectrum – from                   Australia, we offer a wide range of          the best possible investment results
                        guidance and coaching to episodic           award-winning solutions. We have             for institutional and retail clients
                        and holistic advice, based on client        built a strong and contemporary              in Australia and globally. We offer
                        needs. The network includes                 technology platform and remain               access to a broad suite of investment
                        our employed groups, Bridges                committed to investing in                    capabilities across a range of multi-
                        and Shadforth, self-employed                technology and our services in               asset and single asset classes.
                        advice businesses under                     order to support the changing                Our investment management is
                        license: RI Advice, Millennium3,            needs of our clients.                        driven by a highly skilled team of more
                        Lonsdale, Godfrey Pembroke and                                                           than 100 investment professionals,
                        Consultum, as well as self-licensed                                                      operating out of Australia, the USA
                        offerings such as IOOF Alliances.                                                        and the UK.




               2 | Our services
For personal use only
                                     Our progress                                Our brands


                        Advice
                                     1,600
                                     Financial advisers in network
                                                                                 IOOF Alliances

                                     Our financial advice offering
                                     continues to transform under the
                                     new sustainable advice model to
                                     improve client engagement and
                                     the efficiency of advice practices,
                                     reducing our cost to serve.                    MLC CONNECT




                        Platforms
                                     $198.2b
                                     Funds under administration
                                     Platform simplification is a priority for
                                     Insignia Financial. One key element of
                                     the platform simplification program
                                     is Project Evolve, a cross‑functional
                                     program of work focused on
                                     the delivery and expansion of a
                                     proprietary, client-centred and
                                     contemporary integrated platform.



                        Asset
                        Management
                                     $92.3b
                                     Funds under management


                                     In the past year, we have brought
                                     together investment teams under
                                     a simple model, separating out
                                     management of diversified multi-asset
                                     strategies from directly managed
                                     single asset class strategies.




                                                                                                  Our services | 3
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




               Chairman’s                                 Business performance




For personal use only
                                                          Two and a half years from the start of the COVID-19


               letter
                                                          pandemic, we continue to feel the impact of the virus.
                                                          While we’ve found ways to mitigate its dangers, it
                                                          continues to reshape our economies and lifestyle.
                                                          Amid this turmoil, we’ve been focusing on what we can
               Welcome to our first annual report         control – we completed the integration of the three
                                                          businesses into one organisation.
               as Insignia Financial.
                                                          As a company, we have a history of successfully
               In December 2021, we changed our           integrating businesses, and this year we’ve been able
                                                          to repeat that success. We knew that combining these
               company name to Insignia Financial Ltd
                                                          businesses would generate real scale and momentum,
               to mark the coming together of three       and we are now starting to see the benefits – our
               businesses – IOOF, ANZ Pensions &          platform flows have improved, our financial adviser
               Investments (ANZ P&I) and MLC.             numbers are beginning to stabilise, and our investment
               Our people have united around our          performance is strong.

               shared values and ambition of creating     Financial year 2022 marked our first full year of
                                                          ownership of MLC, which contributed to our 59%
               financial wellbeing for all Australians,
                                                          increase in underlying net profit after tax. During the
               and are aligned collectively around our    year, $124 million of annualised synergies were realised
               strategic priorities.                      and $78 million in savings were reflected in the full-year
                                                          result. The synergy target will be largely realised by the
                                                          end of the first half of financial year 2023.

                                                          The transformation of our business through integration
                                                          and simplification has been the main priority over the
                                                          past 12 months. All these efforts are designed to make
                                                          our business stronger and also to drive our ClientFirst
                                                          philosophy. This focus on execution has delivered good
                                                          results and we are ahead of our synergy and growth
                                                          targets. Crucially, our attention on the client experience
                                                          has only strengthened.

                                                          In addition to our efforts on execution, we have
                                                          continued to integrate environmental, social and
                                                          governance (ESG) initiatives across our business.

                                                          Climate action in focus
                                                          In June 2022, Insignia Financial achieved carbon neutral
                                                          status across its business operations through the
                                                          offsetting of our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, and we are
                                                          in the process of becoming a Climate Active certified
                                                          organisation. We’re committed to achieving net zero
                                                          carbon emissions by 2050, and further reducing our
                                                          emissions from corporate operations by 2030.

                                                          As part of our response to the business and financial
                                                          risks of climate change, we have, for the first time,
                                                          featured a climate risk report in our ESG report,
                                                          using the Financial Stability Board Task Force on
                                                          Climate‑related Financial Disclosures framework.



               4 | Chairman’s letter
                        A company where
                        all belong
                                                                           Financial contributions were up by
                                                                           over a third, thanks to employees’                     $124m




For personal use only
                                                                           individual generosity and our                           annualised synergies realised
                        Our employees’ wellbeing is core
                                                                           matched giving program.
                        to our company’s success – and


                                                                                                                                  85%
                        we continue to strive to create an                 Strengthening our
                        environment where our people                       governance framework
                        feel understood, looked after and
                                                                           Insignia Financial remains committed                    of employees agree
                        secure. An important part of our
                                                                           to strengthening our governance
                        culture is the belief that Insignia                                                                        Insignia Financial
                                                                           framework. Our governance focus is
                        Financial is a place where we all                                                                          values diversity
                                                                           on ensuring we manage our clients’
                        belong. Diversity and inclusion lie at
                                                                           and members’ money with exemplary
                        the heart of this culture. Pleasingly,


                                                                                                                                              45%
                                                                           care. This attitude is layered through
                        our most recent My Voice employee
                                                                           the Insignia Financial Board and
                        survey shows 85% of our employees
                                                                           the boards of our responsible and
                        agree Insignia Financial values
                        diversity, that's five points above the
                                                                           registrable superannuation entities,                    female representation
                                                                           as well as the broader organisation.                    in senior manager roles
                        external benchmark.1
                                                                           Over the past year, there have been
                        We’ve made strong progress
                                                                           a number of programs – including                    a challenging period in recent years,
                        around gender diversity, improving
                                                                           standardisation and uplift of                       but we believe changes in the macro-
                        our gender balance across most
                                                                           board and committee foundation                      economic environment will result in
                        leadership cohorts, with more than
                                                                           documents, frameworks and                           increased demand for quality financial
                        45% female representation in senior
                                                                           processes across key entities – to                  advice – advice we can offer through
                        manager roles. Additionally, our
                                                                           improve our governance culture and                  our national network of self-employed,
                        gender pay gap is less than industry
                                                                           business effectiveness, as well as                  self-licensed and salaried financial
                        average, having reduced to 14.3%.
                                                                           the capability and efficiency of board              advisers, including Shadforth and
                        From a community perspective, our                  support functions.                                  Bridges. People are seeking security,
                        IOOF Foundation continues to have a                                                                    reassurance – and a financial plan.
                        meaningful impact. Since inception, it             Well positioned for                                 Whether they need full-service advice
                        has distributed more than $17 million              the future                                          or one-off guidance and coaching,
                        to Australian communities. Insignia                Looking ahead, I believe Insignia                   we’re ideally positioned to help them.
                        Financial is also building stronger                Financial is an even stronger
                                                                                                                               To end, my thanks to the Insignia
                        community connections through                      business, with a wider range of
                                                                                                                               Financial Board and the boards of
                        workplace giving and volunteering.                 capabilities and a clear growth
                                                                                                                               our responsible and registrable
                        In financial year 2022, despite                    strategy that now, and over time, will
                                                                                                                               superannuation entities for their
                        working in a hybrid environment, our               deliver benefits to our clients and
                                                                                                                               expert oversight. I also want to
                        employees doubled their volunteer                  shareholders. We have scale across
                                                                                                                               personally acknowledge the Executive
                        hours compared to last year.                       our three business lines of advice,
                                                                                                                               Team and our employees for their
                                                                           asset management and platform
                                                                                                                               continued efforts and commitment to
                                                                           administration. This positions the
                                                                                                                               our clients. Finally, I would like to thank
                                                                           business to grow and to leverage the
                                                                                                                               Insignia Financial’s shareholders for
                                                                           opportunity created by increased
                                                                                                                               their ongoing support as we change
                        We continue to strive to                           mandatory superannuation
                                                                                                                               and grow the business.
                                                                           contributions. That segment alone
                        create an environment                              is now a $3.3 trillion2 market.
                        where our people feel
                                                                           As we move into financial year 2023,
                        understood, looked after                           our confidence in our financial
                        and secure.                                        wellbeing strategy is as strong as ever.            Allan Griffiths
                                                                           Financial advisers have been through                Chairman

                        1   Culture Amp Australia 2022 benchmark – www.cultureamp.com/science/insights/australia
                        2   Australian Prudential Regulation Authority – www.apra.gov.au/quarterly-superannuation-statistics
                                                                                                                                                     Chairman’s letter | 5
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                        2022 results at a glance
                        Business highlights                                                                            December




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       Completion of Evolve21
                                                                                                                       program, migrating

                        2021
                                                                                                                       $22.1 billion of funds
                                                                                                                       under administration
                                                                                                                       and 93,000 client
                                                               September                                               accounts to the
                                                               Board endorses                                          Evolve platform
                                                               ESG uplift                                              Advice practice
                                                               strategy, including                                     Godfrey Pembroke
                                                               environmental impact                                    celebrates 40 years
                                                               and responsible                                         as a leading financial
                                                               investment alignment                                    advice brand



                          July                                                 November                                Money magazine Best of
                                                                                                                       the Best Awards 2022
                          Super Fund Manager of the                    Four Insignia Financial
                          Year Awards 2021 Finalist                  Group advisers make the                           IOOF Employer Super
                          in three categories:                    Financial Standard Power50                           – IOOF MultiMix
                                                                        list of most influential                       Diversified Fixed
                          Best Corporate Solution Product:                                                             Interest Trust awarded
                          IOOF Employer Super                                 financial advisers
                                                                                                                       ‘Best Fixed Interest
                          Best Commercial Product -              Shareholders approved the                             Super Product’
                          Personal: IOOF Personal Super          change in name from IOOF
                                                                   Holdings Ltd to Insignia
                          Best Pension Product: IOOF
                                                                       Financial Ltd at the
                          Pursuit Select Allocated Pension
                                                                   Annual General Meeting

                                                                                                     June

                        2022
                                                                                                                              Insignia
                                                                                                     Financial Standard
                                                                                                                              Financial
                                                                                                     Investment Leadership
                                                                                                                              achieves
                                                               April                                 Awards 2022
                                                                                                                              carbon neutral
                                                               IOOF Foundation                       Multi-Asset – Growth     status across
                                                               Disaster Relief Appeal                Category Winner: IOOF    its business
                          February                             raises over $160,000                  MultiMix Growth Trust    operations
                          Workplace Super team                 to support families                   Multi-Asset – Balanced   through the
                          wins $130 million Cochlear           affected by floods                    Category Winner: IOOF    offsetting of
                          Superannuation Plan in               in New South Wales                    MultiMix Balanced        scope 1, 2, and
                          open tender                          and Queensland                        Growth Trust             3 emissions



                                              March                              May
                                              Annual Member Meetings give        Bridges and MLC Advice
                                              the Group’s superannuation         unite under a refreshed
                                              members a chance to hear           Bridges brand and form a
                                              from fund executives on            financial planning network
                                              investment performance and         with offices in 24 locations
                                              outlook, sustainability and
                                              financial wellbeing
                                              Canstar Managed Funds Provider
                                              of the Year – Multi-Sector
                                              Funds Award 2022 for range
                                              of multi-sector funds offered
                                              through IOOF MultiSeries and
                                              IOOF MultiMix




               6 | 2022 results at a glance
                        Financial results




For personal use only
                           Statutory net profit               Divisional underlying   Gross margin


                                                                                      $1.48b
                           after tax                          net profit/(loss)


                           $36.8m
                                                              after tax (continuing
                                                              operations)


                                                              Platforms

                                                             $273.5m
                                                                                      Operating
                                                                                      expenditure



                           Underlying net profit
                                                                                      $1.10b
                                                              Advice
                           after tax

                                                             ($55.3m)
                           $234.5m                                                    Funds under
                                                                                      management
                                                                                      and administration


                                                                                      $297.5b
                                                              Asset
                                                              Management

                                                             $73.6m
                           Full-year dividends


                           23.6c
                           per share




                          “I feel proud to be contributing to the
                           foundations we are laying at Insignia
                           Financial in creating financial wellbeing
                           for all Australians. And I am excited
                           about the role innovation, technology
                           and personalisation can play in
                           enhancing our client experience.”
                          Tara Ryan
                          Head of Marketing Enablement & Automation




                                                                                                2022 results at a glance | 7
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




               CEO’s letter




For personal use only



               8 | CEO’s letter
                        This annual report letter is my first as CEO of the new Insignia Financial. For our people,
                        this change has been galvanising and created a deeper sense of belonging, something




For personal use only
                        that as an organisation we value deeply. Creating one culture, grounded in our purpose
                        of ‘Understand me, look after me, secure my future’ and anchored to our ClientFirst
                        approach, has been instrumental in achieving a strong result in financial year 2022.
                        It has also set strong foundations for growth.



                        Financial performance                               has improved the client experience
                                                                            through additional features, product
                        Insignia Financial’s underlying net
                                                                            enhancements and pricing initiatives.
                        profit after tax was up 59% from
                        financial year 2021 to $234.5 million,
                                                                            With platform transitions planned         We recognise consumer
                        driven by contributions from MLC
                                                                            for calendar year 2023 and beyond,        financial needs exist along
                                                                            our Evolve platform is well positioned
                        and synergy realisation, as well                                                              a continuum, and we see a
                                                                            for further revenue growth, thanks
                        as higher average funds under                                                                 tremendous opportunity
                                                                            to cutting-edge technology and
                        management and administration.
                                                                            increased scale.                          to improve the lives of
                        Net profit after tax was $36.8 million.
                        Total dividends of 23.6 cents per                                                             Australians by making
                                                                            A more accessible and
                        share were delivered for the year,                  sustainable advice offering               advice more accessible.
                        including the final ordinary dividend
                                                                            In our advice businesses, we have
                        of 11.8 cents per share.
                                                                            continued to focus on practice
                        This financial outcome is the result                sustainability and professional           Asset Management delivers
                        of transformation efforts and our                   standards. Pleasingly, the ex-            strong performance
                        continued focus on integration and                  ANZ aligned licensees achieved            It is pleasing to have delivered strong
                        simplification. The integration of our              break-even in the second half             investment performance across
                        two recently acquired businesses,                   of the financial year. We also            our multi-asset and single asset
                        ANZ P&I and MLC, is ahead of                        facilitated more than 20 intra-group      class capabilities with some 87% of
                        plan. MLC synergies are likely to be                acquisitions and mergers as part of       funds under management exceeding
                        delivered in 18 months, well ahead                  our adviser succession planning. That     objectives over five years.
                        of our original plan of three years,                helps retain both clients and revenue
                                                                                                                      In June 2022, we integrated the MLC
                        reinforcing Insignia Financial’s ability            and improve the scale of remaining
                                                                                                                      and IOOF investment teams, bringing
                        to execute on strategic initiatives.                advice groups.
                                                                                                                      the diversified multi-asset portfolios
                        Business performance                                As part of our simplification strategy,   under a single Chief Investment
                                                                            we brought together the Bridges           Officer. Bringing the investment
                        Platform simplification and                         and MLC Advice businesses under           teams together allows us to capitalise
                        product enhancements                                a refreshed Bridges brand and             on our scale, as we streamline our
                        Our strong financial results validate               customer proposition. This has            product range and leverage skills
                        our platform strategy, which saw a                  generated economies of scale and          and knowledge across the combined
                        $3.1 billion improvement in net flows               broader efficiencies thanks to shared     business. Importantly, all research
                        over the prior corresponding period                 technology and processes.                 houses reaffirmed their ratings across
                        on a pro forma3 basis. Funds under                                                            the product suite.
                                                                            From a strategic point of view, owning
                        administration totalled $198.2 billion
                                                                            these advice businesses is self-          Institutional flows were affected by
                        at 30 June 2022 (excluding Australian
                                                                            reinforcing, because we can leverage      lumpy mandate wins and losses, and in
                        Executor Trustees).
                                                                            insights from our advisers to enhance     the second half, portfolio rebalancing
                        Significant investment in our                       our service proposition and product       and asset allocation changes driven
                        contemporary, proprietary platform                  suite. That cycle of improvement also     by investment market volatility also
                        Evolve and third-party platforms,                   extends to our client relationships.      trimmed net inflows.

                        3   Prior comparative period restated to include contribution of MLC.

                                                                                                                                                CEO’s letter | 9
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




               Full-year dividends                     Innovation and
                                                       technology as a




For personal use only
                                                       differentiator
                                                       We recognise consumer financial           This financial outcome is

              23.6c
                                                       needs exist along a continuum, and        the result of transformation
                                   per share           we see a tremendous opportunity           efforts and our continued
                                                       to improve the lives of Australians
               including the final ordinary                                                      focus on integration
                                                       by making advice more accessible.
               dividend of 11.8 cents per share
                                                       We are focused on using technology
                                                                                                 and simplification.
                                                       to improve the client experience and
               Underlying net profit                   drive personalisation. Technology
               after tax                               also gives us an opportunity to reach



              $234.5m
                                                       those who do not currently receive        clients. Through our continued work
                                                       financial advice.                         on diversity and inclusion, we aim
                                                                                                 to build a balanced business that
                                                       We believe innovation will help
               up 59%                                                                            represents the broader community
                                                       us deliver advice across various
                                                                                                 we serve.
                                                       digital channels. For many clients
                                                       this will provide more tailored and
               Funds under management
                                                                                                 Delivering what matters
                                                       accessible advice. But we also believe
                                                                                                 All that was achieved in financial
                                                       technology can drive more choice

              87%
                                                                                                 year 2022 was the result of the
                                                       for full-service advisers and their
                                                                                                 dedication and efforts of our people.
                                                       clients. To take one example, we are
                                                                                                 I extend my thanks to them and my
               exceeding objectives                    leveraging our proprietary Wealth
                                                                                                 Executive Team.
                                                       Central technology to enhance the
               over 5 years
                                                       client and adviser experience by          Through the disciplined execution
                                                       streamlining the advice process           of our strategic priorities we have
                                                       and increasing the productivity of        established strong foundations
                                                       face‑to‑face engagement.                  to deliver quality outcomes for
                                                                                                 our clients and shareholders.
                                                       Our people, our                           We are well positioned to capitalise
                                                       community                                 on the industry tailwinds of a
                                                       As mentioned in the Chairman’s            superannuation pool set to more
                                                       letter, our business performance is       than double in the next two decades
                                                       underpinned by our ESG focus. More        and a growing need for advice
                                                       detail can be found in the following      associated with an ageing population.
                                                       ESG report, but we are committed to       We will continue to grow by delivering
                                                       ensuring our business is sustainable      financial wellbeing for all Australians.
                                                       and supports our people, our clients      That growth – and our reputation –
                                                       and our community.                        will be underpinned by our ESG focus
                                                       Over the past 12 months, we have          and our strengthening organisational
                                                       thought deeply about our culture and      culture, and by building on our rich
                                                       invested heavily in making it stronger.   heritage of boldness and innovation.
                                                       We wanted to accelerate the cultural
                                                       integration of three businesses and
                                                       to protect our client-focused way
                                                       of working as we came together
                                                       as Insignia Financial. We believe
                                                       success in this area will drive ongoing   Renato Mota
                                                       benefits for our employees and our        Chief Executive Officer



               10 | CEO’s letter
                                                                            Our diversified business model




For personal use only
                        Advice                                                                                                    Asset Management
                        • Advice as differentiator                                                                                • Leading packaged-
                        • Full-spectrum financial                                                                                   solutions provider
                                                                                                               D                    delivering superior
                            wellbeing offering

                                                                                                                          ights
                                                                        y                                                           investment
                        • Licensee of
                                                                                                                       ins
                                                                Tec                          Advice                                 performance
                            choice for larger,                     hn
                                                                     olo                                            nd            • Client-centric
                                                                                                                  aa
                            corporatised practices
                                                                        g
                                                                                                                at
                                                                                                                                    product suite
                        Platforms                                                                                                 • Real asset, portfolio
                                                                                                                                    construction and direct-
                        • Unique capability set:                                          ClientFirst                               asset capabilities
                            workplace, advisory and
                            personal platforms                                                                                    • Focused multi-asset
                                                                            Platforms                      Asset                    capability to support
                        • Proximity to adviser                                                          Management
                                                                                                                                    the Insignia Financial
                            creates insights: source
                                                                                                                                    value chain
                            of value for advisers and
                            broader business                                                                                      • Tailored solutions with
                                                                                                                                    advantages of scale
                        • Tailored solutions with
                                                                                                                                    enabled by proprietary
                            advantages of scale
                                                                                                                                    technology: mass
                            enabled by proprietary
                                                                                            P urp ose                               customisation
                            technology: mass
                            customisation

                                                                                      Industry trends


                            Total super assets                   Australia leads the                  61% of Australians            By 2066 there
                              to grow from                        world in median                        have unmet                will be 4.5 million
                              $3.3 trillion to                    wealth per adult5                     advice needs6              Australians aged
                            $9 trillion by 20414                                                                                   between 65 to 747




                        4   Deloitte (2021) Dynamics of the Australian Superannuation System
                        5   Credit Suisse (2021) Global Wealth Report
                        6   Investment Trends (2021) Financial Advice Report
                        7   Australian Institute of Health and Welfare (2021) Older Australians
                                                                                                                                               CEO’s letter | 11
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




              Environmental, social and




For personal use only
              governance report
               Changing social expectations are
               redefining the notion of prosperity.
               What constitutes successful
               lifestyles, progress and value
               creation has now come to include                                                                   onment
                                                                                                             Envir
               more long-term considerations
               such as environmental impacts,
                                                                                                                                                ers
                                                                                                                                            hold
                                                                                 Comm
                                                                                     un
                                                                                                                                         are
               equity, equality, and community                                                           Our purpose
                                                                                       it y
               and individual wellbeing.                                                           Understand me,                      Sh
                                                                                                    look after me,
               Insignia Financial understands financial                                            secure my future
               wellbeing is a key determinant of overall
               wellbeing, along with broader socio-
                                                                                       Em     pl
               economic settings that drive prosperity.                                            oy                                  t
                                                                                                                                  en
                                                                                                                                  s
                                                                                                        ee
                                                                                                             s             C li
               This is why we are pursuing strong
               environmental, social and governance
               (ESG) practices.

               For Insignia Financial, ESG is about
               achieving long-term prosperity for our
               business, clients and shareholders through         Business highlights
               a positive and engaging approach to
               social, environmental and governance
                                                                  Environment                 Social                                       Governance
               considerations – including the pressing issue
               of climate change. In this way, we will remain     • In June 2022,             • Over 160,000 clients                       • Over 46% of
                                                                    Insignia Financial              and members                               senior leadership
               relevant and resilient, achieving greater
                                                                    achieved carbon-                engaged through                           roles are held
               employee engagement and improving client,            neutral status                  face-to-face and                          by women
               member and shareholder outcomes.                     for operational                 digital general advice,                • Alignment of
                                                                    emissions, a big                financial wellbeing                       responsible
               At Insignia Financial we consider ESG
                                                                    step towards                    and education                             investment
               opportunities and risks through two broad            achieving our                   programs                                  approach across
               lenses across our business: at a corporate           net zero 2050             • The IOOF Foundation                           registrable
               level and at a fiduciary level (superannuation       commitment                      Disaster Relief                           superannuation
               and investments). At a corporate level, we                                           Appeal raised                             entities
               endeavour to be recognised as a good                                                 over $160,000 for                      • In an Our Voice
                                                                                                    families affected                         survey, 85% of
               corporate citizen through our social and
                                                                                                    by floods in NSW                          staff agreed
               environmental impacts. At a fiduciary                                                and Queensland                            Insignia Financial
               level, we believe that the application of
                                                                                              • There was a 35%                               values diversity
               ESG factors into our investment processes                                            increase in employee
               delivers better outcomes for our members                                             financial charitable
               and clients, in addition to positive                                                 giving in 2022
               social impacts.



               12 | Environmental, social and governance report
For personal use only
                        Materiality
                        We use the concept of ‘materiality’ to define
                        the ESG topics that matter to our business
                        and stakeholders.

                        We believe identifying, monitoring and reporting
                        on material ESG risks will help Insignia Financial
                        build trust with our community and business
                        stakeholders and achieve our strategic aim:
                        to be Australia’s leading specialist financial
                        wellbeing organisation.

                        To assess our material exposure, we engage
                        with stakeholders including members, investors,
                        employees, industry bodies, regulators and
                        research partners.



                        We have separated material ESG matters into the following categories:




                          Our                        Our                     Our                Our
                          clients                    community               people             business
                          • ClientFirst              • Carbon footprint      • Culture          • Corporate
                             culture                 • Climate action        • Employee           governance and
                          • Financial wellbeing                                wellbeing          risk management
                                                     • The IOOF
                             and client                 Foundation           • Hybrid working   • Privacy
                             engagement                                                         • Cybersecurity
                                                     • Employee giving       • Diversity
                          • Product                     and volunteering       and inclusion    • Financial
                             simplification                                                       Accountability
                                                     • Supporting
                          • Advocating for              reconciliation                            Regime
                             advice                                                             • Board effectiveness
                                                     • Modern slavery
                          • Advice research                                                     • Executive
                                                     • Responsible
                          • Anti-bribery and            investment                                remuneration
                             anti-corruption                                                    • Climate risk
                                                     • Delivering advice
                                                        confidence



                                                                                                Environmental, social and governance report | 13
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                        Progress against United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
                        The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) are a shared blueprint for peace and prosperity for people
                        and the planet. Insignia Financial supports the goals and uses them as a framework to guide our ESG principles and
                        initiatives. While we support all 17 UN SDGs, we have prioritised six goals, given their relevance to our business and our
                        ability to drive change in these areas.


                         Goal             Aims to achieve      What we are doing in response – progress update




For personal use only
                                                               2021                                        2022 progress

                                          Ensure               • Invested in and promoted initiatives      • Extended ‘Your mind matters’
                                          healthy lives           to support employee mental and             employee educational program to
                                          and promote             physical health                            manage mental wellness – over 4,000
                                          wellbeing for all    • Implemented ‘low traffic days’ across       attendees
                                          at all ages             IOOF to help employees ‘digitally        • Over 600 leaders (82%) attended
                        Good health
                                                                  detox’                                     'Mental Health Awareness' leadership
                        and wellbeing
                                                               • Launched ‘Your mind matters’ staff          education
                                                                  educational program to manage            • Extended our monthly ‘low traffic days’
                                                                  mental wellness                            to help employees ‘digitally detox’
                                                               • Extended financial wellbeing              • Increased frequency of Our Voice
                                                                  education program to improve lives         employee engagement surveys from
                                                                  of Australians                             annual to quarterly
                                                                                                           • In a staff survey, 88% of our people
                                                                                                             said they felt supported around
                                                                                                             flexible work arrangements (+2 points
                                                                                                             on the external benchmark8)
                                                                                                           • Launched Vivo, a new health, wellness
                                                                                                             and recovery service, to MLC Super
                                                                                                             Fund members


                                          Ensure inclusive     • Engaged 10,000 members and clients        • Provided general advice and financial
                                          and equitable           through 1:1 general advice and             coaching to 14,000 fund members
                                          quality                 assistance, financial wellbeing and        and clients
                                          education               education programs                       • Ran 590 education events reaching
                                          and promote          • Created an online portal as a               nearly 11,000 members
                        Quality           lifelong learning       resource for all Australians to access   • Completed 32,000 member
                        education         opportunities           educational material or request            interactions via tailored
                                          for all                 pro bono support                           engagement programs
                                                               • Delivered over 1,000 hours pro            • Completed 110,000 digital interactions
                                                                  bono practical financial guidance          with members and clients through our
                                                                  and support to over 200 individual         Education Hub, SuperSizer, Personal
                                                                  community members                          Super and Insurance Needs calculators


                                          Ensure women’s       • Improved female representation at         • Improved female representation
                                          full participation      executive and management levels,           across executive and management
                                          at all levels of        reaching our 40% target across Senior      levels, exceeding our 45% target at
                                          decision-making         Manager and Other Manager levels           senior manager level
                                          in political,        • Partnered with Financial Executive        • Reduced gender pay gap to 14.3% –
                        Gender            economic and            Woman (FEW)                                significantly exceeding national and
                        equality          public life.
                                                               • Financial sponsorship of the Positive       industry benchmarks
                                                                  Progression of Women Awards              • Implemented the ‘Our Leading
                                                               • Recorded an increase in positive            Women’ program, designed to
                                                                  sentiment around diversity and             improve the visibility, connections and
                                                                  inclusion in our engagement survey:        career growth prospects of high-
                                                                                                             potential women
                                                                  – +9 points – ‘I feel like I belong
                                                                      at IOOF’
                                                                                                           • Working towards achieving Workplace
                                                                                                             Gender Equality Agency (WGEA)
                                                                  – +10 points – ‘Our leaders                Employer of Choice for Gender
                                                                      champion the importance of             Equality citation by 2024
                                                                      diversity and inclusion’




               8   Culture Amp Australia 2022 benchmark – www.cultureamp.com/science/insights/australia


               14 | Environmental, social and governance report
                            Goal             Aims to achieve       What we are doing in response – progress update




For personal use only
                                                                   2021                                              2022 progress

                                             Reduce                • Implemented a Group Modern                      • Working with Reconciliation Australia
                                             inequality within        Slavery policy and action plan                   to finalise our Reconciliation
                                             and among             • Commenced developing new                          Action Plan
                                             countries,               Innovate Reconciliation Action Plan            • Second Modern Slavery Statement
                                             including                                                                 submitted to the Australian
                        Reduced              human rights
                                                                   • Increase in positive sentiment
                                                                      around diversity and inclusion in our            Border Force
                        inequality           and Indigenous
                                             peoples’ rights
                                                                      engagement survey:                             • Established five diversity and inclusion
                                                                                                                       working groups: Accessibility, Gender,
                                                                       – +9 points – ‘I feel like I belong at
                                                                                                                       Life and Family, Multicultural and Pride
                                                                          IOOF’
                                                                       – +10 points – ‘Our leaders                   • In a staff survey, 85% of our people
                                                                                                                       agreed Insignia Financial values
                                                                          champion the importance of
                                                                                                                       diversity (+5 points above the external
                                                                          diversity and inclusion’
                                                                                                                       benchmark 9)
                                                                                                                     • In the same survey, 77% of our people
                                                                                                                       agreed we build teams that are
                                                                                                                       diverse (+13 points above the external
                                                                                                                       benchmark 9)


                                             Ensure                • Changed printer paper supplier to               • Worked with Blue Connections IT to
                                             sustainable              100% recycled nationally                         recycle over 1,000 IT assets
                                             consumption           • Nearly 1 tonne of office equipment              • Sold or redeployed more than
                                             and production           was collected by Green Collect from              880 IT assets
                                             patterns                 our Melbourne head office, to be
                        Responsible                                                                                  • Rolled out more initiatives to
                                                                      recycled rather than going to landfill           encourage clients to move to online
                        consumption
                        and                                        • Launched pilot campaign encouraging               communications
                        production                                    clients to move to electronic                  • Used 100% recycled printer paper
                                                                      statements and communications                    across all offices
                                                                                                                     • Recycled 50 kilograms of toner
                                                                                                                       cartridges


                                             Take urgent           • Integrated climate change                       • Measured scope 1, 2 and 3 operational
                                             action to                risks into new Responsible                       emissions for financial year 2021
                                             combat climate           Investment Statement                           • Achieved carbon neutral status for
                                             change and its        • Measured carbon intensity of equity               business operational emissions in June
                                             impacts                  exposure across in-house multi-                  2022 by purchasing carbon offsets
                            Climate
                                                                      manager funds                                  • Committed the business to
                            action
                                                                                                                       achieving ‘net zero 2050’ for
                                                                                                                       operational emissions
                                                                                                                     • Applied for Climate Active certification
                                                                                                                     • Conducted climate risk education
                                                                                                                       with all responsible entity boards
                                                                                                                       (responsible and registrable
                                                                                                                       superannuation entities)
                                                                                                                     • Applied climate risk model to
                                                                                                                       MySuper funds
                                                                                                                     • Measured carbon intensity of equity
                                                                                                                       exposure across in-house multi-
                                                                                                                       manager funds




                        9    Culture Amp All Industry Global 2022 benchmark – www.cultureamp.com/science/insights/all-industries-global


                                                                                                                         Environmental, social and governance report | 15
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                                   Our clients

               ClientFirst philosophy –                           Throughout the year we spent                     Delivery of general advice and
                                                                  time immersing our people in the                 financial coaching to over
               delivering what matters




For personal use only
               ClientFirst is a philosophy that puts
               our clients at the heart of everything
                                                                  ClientFirst philosophy and ways
                                                                  of working. This way of thinking is              14,000
               we do. It's a different way of thinking
                                                                  important – not just in operational              clients and members
                                                                  teams but all areas of Insignia
               about the work we do, the people
                                                                  Financial – as everyone has the

                                                                                                                   590 members
               who do the work, and how the work
                                                                  opportunity to improve the system of
               should be done. We take an outside-
                                                                  work and how we deliver value to our
               in, systems view of our organisation.
                                                                  clients and each other.                          education sessions
               This approach helps us achieve our                                                                  held for our Workplace
               internal target of achieving 'today’s              Financial wellbeing and                          Super clients, with over
               work today' whenever possible.                     client engagement                                10,800 attendees
               We’ve set a target of completing                   Providing our fund members and
               all work requests on the same day                  investment clients with access to
               in 50% to 70% of cases for our
               Insignia Financial Group clients and
                                                                  relevant information and offering a
                                                                  wide range of financial insights – factual
                                                                                                                           110,000+
               members. In financial year 2022, we                information, general, scaled and                 digital engagement interactions
               achieved an average of 51.3% on this               comprehensive advice – is essential in           with members and clients
               metric for IOOF products.                          delivering on our strategy to improve            through our Education Hub,
                                                                  the financial wellbeing of all Australians.      SuperSizer, Personal Super and
               We use data collected from client
                                                                                                                   Insurance Needs calculators
               interactions to understand our                     Following the acquisition of MLC,
               processes through our clients' eyes.               we now have additional people
               We continuously improve the way we                 and technology resources to                       An additional

                                                                                                                   32,000
               work to remove waste and deliver                   better engage with our clients and
               value to our clients. To take one                  members. In addition, we continued
               example of this client-first approach,             to invest in resourcing our Member               members interactions
               we've removed many internally                      Engagement division.                             through our tailored
               focused service level agreements
                                                                  Overall, this additional capability              engagement programs
               and measures of 'good service'
                                                                  has resulted in a material increase
               and replaced them with data that
                                                                  in client and member engagement
               recognises the client is the only true
                                                                  both digitally and face to face.
               arbiter of 'good service'.
                                                                  In total, we had over 160,000
                                                                  client engagements.




                                                                                           “We believe decisions about how the work
                                                                                            is done should be made as close to the work
                                                                                           – and the client – as possible. This means
                                                                                            the person who answers the client call is
                                                                                            the person who will own and complete
                                                                                            whatever work is required by that client.
                                                                                            This is what we call the ClientFirst way.”
                                                                                            Tanya Azar
                                                                                            Client Solutions & Knowledge Specialist



               From left: Kon Soulianidis (Lead IT Business Partner) and Tanya Azar

               16 | Environmental, social and governance report
For personal use only
                        Product simplification –                   Retirement                                   Advocating for quality
                        delivering client value                    income covenant                              financial advice
                        After the successful completion            This year saw the release of the             Our unique advice-led, financial
                        of Phase 1 of our administration           retirement income covenant, which            wellbeing strategy is differentiating us
                        platform simplification initiative         Insignia Financial believes is an            from our peers.
                        (Project Evolve) in financial year 2021,   important step towards improving the
                                                                                                                Over the past decade, we worked to
                        we completed Phase 2 in financial          retirement outcomes of super fund
                                                                                                                promote and educate around a goals-
                        year 2022. This saw us retire another      members. The retirement income
                                                                                                                based advice philosophy. This is a
                        legacy IOOF platform, delivering           covenant requires all super funds
                                                                                                                client experience focused on financial
                        ongoing fee reductions totalling           regulated by the Australian Prudential
                                                                                                                wellbeing at all stages of life. For
                        $12.2 million per annum to over            Regulation Authority (APRA) have a
                                                                                                                example, the newly expanded Bridges
                        31,000 clients.                            documented strategy to identify the
                                                                                                                business provides educational
                                                                   retirement income needs of fund
                        Within our Workplace Super                                                              coaching sessions for clients of its
                                                                   members – and to develop a plan to
                        product suite, we also completed                                                        referral partners. These sessions
                                                                   service those needs by July 2022.
                        the transition of 21,000 Integra                                                        are designed to make advice more
                        accounts to our contemporary               Insignia Financial recognises                accessible to those clients that have
                        ANZ Smart Choice products,                 the important role trustees and              a defined need but are deterred by
                        delivering $3.7 million in annual fee      advisers play in providing guidance,         the perceived complexity, associated
                        savings for clients.                       support and advice to Australians            costs or because they believe that
                                                                   in pre-retirement and throughout             advice is not for them.
                        We also continued to add value to our
                                                                   retirement. To this end, each Insignia
                        flagship platforms. We introduced                                                       Our ClientFirst approach has been
                                                                   Financial super fund trustee has
                        a pension bonus for members who                                                         instrumental in bringing us closer
                                                                   published its respective retirement
                        invest in our MLC pension product                                                       than ever to our advice clients. Some
                                                                   income strategies, setting out the
                        to provide a one-off boost to their                                                     75% of clients referred to Bridges get
                                                                   services and products that support
                        retirement savings when they                                                            information that helps progress their
                                                                   our members. We look forward to
                        first join. In addition, we reduced                                                     financial journey, and 20% proceed to
                                                                   building upon these plans in the
                        administration fees, benefiting over                                                    receive personal advice.
                                                                   years ahead.
                        45,000 MLC Super Fund members.



                                                                                                            Environmental, social and governance report | 17
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                                Our clients



               Our ‘True Value of Advice’ research10              a review into the quality of advice.       Advice Research uses the definitions
               has shown clients with advice                      Insignia Financial is advocating for       provided by the RIAA to research




For personal use only
               relationships enjoy a financial                    clients and advisers during this           efforts in this space. The range of
               upside – and emotional benefits                    review and has delivered submissions       approaches include:
               as well. The study revealed 90% of                 as part of the initial phase. We believe
                                                                                                             • corporate engagement and
               those who have received advice                     the industry, the government and               shareholder action
               agreed their adviser is a critical                 Insignia Financial have a strong
                                                                                                             •   ESG integration
               partner in their financial success,                opportunity to address affordability
                                                                                                             •   impact investing
               and 93% believe advice provides                    and accessibility and to redefine
               clarity around goals and progression               how Australians access financial           •   negative/exclusionary screening
               towards them. We aim to make this                  information, education and advice.         •   norms-based screening
               financial wellbeing available to more                                                         •   positive screening, and
               Australians through more accessible                Advice Research                            • sustainability-themed investing.
               and affordable solutions.                          The Advice Research team conducts
                                                                                                             Advice Research has developed an
                                                                  a broad range of ESG research that
               We’re also leveraging the power of                                                            ESG philosophy, and a set of ESG
                                                                  covers a range of approaches in the
               technology to help clients get the                                                            portfolios, that allow advisers and
                                                                  market, as well as market themes
               advice they need. For example,                                                                clients with either an implemented
                                                                  and emerging trends. This research
               Wealth Central is an internal platform                                                        solution (via managed accounts)
                                                                  includes ESG research papers,
               we’re adapting to meet the future                                                             or an investment framework (via
                                                                  analysis of ESG characteristics for
               needs of our advisers and clients.                                                            a model portfolio) to invest in an
                                                                  the range of investment options
               The Wealth Report is an interactive                                                           ESG‑aware portfolio.
                                                                  on our approved product list, and
               general advice solution that more
                                                                  analysis of ESG portfolios for our
               than 5,300 new clients accessed
                                                                  advisers and clients. The coverage
               during the past year.
                                                                  across these approaches includes
               The issue of accessibility and                     analysing products such as managed
               affordability of advice is on the                  funds, exchange traded funds and
               Australian Government's agenda                     industry funds.
               in 2022, with Treasury conducting




                    “As an Advice Practice Manager, I ensure
                     our advisers understand the financial
                     needs and aspirations of every client, as
                     well as maintain their high standards
                     of education and training. This focus
                     enhances the quality of advice and
                     service we provide every client. Over the
                     years I’ve seen many clients improve
                     their financial wellbeing by receiving
                     professional financial advice.”
                        Alla Gorbunova
                        Advice Practice Manager




               From left: Alla Gorbunova and Temi Lajorin (Analyst Digital Platforms)

               10 www.ioof.com.au/financial-advice/the-true-value-of-advice

               18 | Environmental, social and governance report
                                         Our community

                                                                                                                     Total Group operational
                                                                                                                     emissions for financial




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     year 2021


                                                                                                                     9,825.9
                                                                                                                     tonnes of CO2-e
                                                                                                                       Scope 1
                                                                                                                     1.5 tonnes CO2-e (0.015%)

                                                                                                                       Scope 2
                                                                                                                     1,545.6 tonnes CO2-e (15.7%)

                                                                                                                       Scope 3

                        Carbon footprint                         When determining the type and                       8,278.8 tonnes CO2-e (84.3%)
                                                                 location of carbon credit projects,
                        During the year, Insignia Financial
                                                                 Insignia Financial’s selection criteria             Group emissions by
                        engaged external consultants to
                                                                 included financial and geographical                 activity sector
                        help measure our financial year
                                                                 factors and co-benefits such as                     Utilities
                        2021 scope 1, 2 and 3 corporate

                                                                                                                     48.5%
                                                                 gender equality. The final portfolio
                        emissions. This calculation sought
                                                                 consisted of Australian savanna
                        to measure greenhouse gas (GHG)
                                                                 burning, international solar and wind
                        emissions generated through our                                                              4,767.3 tonnes CO2-e
                                                                 power generation, and international
                        business operations.
                                                                 solar cookers. The solar cookers
                        The calculation follows the              were of particular interest because of              Employees
                        Greenhouse Gas Protocol and its
                        principles of relevance, including
                                                                 their potentially strong link to Insignia
                                                                 Financial’s priority UN SDGs.                       19.9%
                        emissions counts that reflect the                                                            1,953.2 tonnes CO2-e
                                                                 Insignia Financial has done all things
                        transition to working from home
                                                                 necessary to achieve Climate Active
                        for our employees. Total Group                                                               Waste
                                                                 certification and is in the final stages

                                                                                                                     14.6%
                        operational emissions for financial
                                                                 of the application process. The Climate
                        year 2021 were 9,825.9 tonnes of
                                                                 Active initiative and Climate Active
                        carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2-e).
                                                                 Carbon Neutral Standard supports and                1,437.2 tonnes CO2-e

                        Climate action                           guides businesses as they account for
                                                                 and reduce carbon emissions.                        Third-party services
                        In April 2022, Insignia Financial
                        committed to achieving net zero
                        carbon emissions for its operational
                                                                 While the carbon credits met the
                                                                 requirements of Climate Active, we
                                                                                                                     14.6%
                        emissions by 2050. In June 2022,         included additional due diligence                   1,437.2 tonnes CO2-e
                        Insignia Financial achieved carbon       safeguards to determine whether there
                        neutral status for its financial year    were brand or reputational issues                   Equipment

                                                                                                                     8.1%
                        2021 operational emissions, through      associated with the methodology, the
                        the purchase of carbon credit offsets.   project or the project developer.
                        Carbon credits are produced by                                                               794.5 tonnes CO2-e
                                                                 Insignia Financial is committed to
                        defined and approved carbon offset
                                                                 remaining carbon neutral. We will
                        projects that capture and store
                                                                 continue tracking and reporting on our              MLC merger
                        carbon, or by activities that reduce
                        carbon emissions in accordance
                        with agreed methodologies.
                                                                 operational emissions and reduction
                                                                 activities in order to reduce our                   7.6%
                                                                 environmental impact.                               744.9 tonnes CO2-e



                                                                                                             Environmental, social and governance report | 19
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                             Our community




               The IOOF Foundation




For personal use only
               The IOOF Foundation was established as a public ancillary fund in 2002 and has distributed more
               than $17 million to Australian communities. Our Foundation aspires to create opportunities by
               investing in initiatives that reduce the obstacles to improved quality of life and by helping others
               achieve their potential to meaningfully participate in the community.


               Grants snapshot


                                                                        25%
               21                                                        to support families’
                                                                         basic needs including
                                                                                                 45%
               community partners                                        food security           to regional areas



              82%                                                 20%                            17%
                                                                  for community                  to support
               of funding provided
                                                                  mental health                  disaster recovery
               by multi-year grants – thereby
               supporting organisations’ long‑term                prevention
               planning and service delivery




               20 | Environmental, social and governance report
                                                           Employee giving and volunteering




For personal use only
                                                           During financial year 2022, we enhanced our employee volunteer
                                                           program to enable employees to use their volunteer leave when
                                                           it suited their schedule and endorsed time in lieu for weekend
                                                           volunteering. This volunteer leave is on top of community leave for
                                                           blood donations and emergency management activity.

                                                           Last year, despite continuing to work in a hybrid environment, our
                                                           employees volunteered more than double the hours of the prior
                                                           year. Financial contributions were up an additional 35%, thanks
                                                           to individual giving and our matched giving program. The IOOF
                        During National Volunteer
                                                           Foundation’s Disaster Relief Appeal raised more than $160,000 to
                        Week, members of the Client
                        & Technology team spent            help families following the devastating floods in Queensland and
                        a day at Vinnies preparing         New South Wales.
                        meals for vulnerable people
                        in our community.                  IOOF Foundation partners
                        Photo credit: Vinnies
                                                             Spotlight on
                                                           Dementia Australia
                                                           Dementia Australia supports the estimated 500,000 Australians
                                                           living with dementia and almost 1.6 million people involved
                                                           in their care. Dementia is the second leading cause of death
                                                           in Australia, yet it remains one of the most challenging and
                                                           misunderstood conditions.

                                                           Financial abuse is one of the most common types of elder abuse.
                                                           It is often perpetrated by trusted adult children or other family
                                                           members. The IOOF Foundation has committed to a $300,000
                        Tegan Smith using her              partnership with Dementia Australia over the next two years to
                        community leave to                 increase awareness of financial elder abuse. In June 2022, the IOOF
                        support Lifeblood.                 Foundation announced its support of a new educational series on
                        Photo credit: Tegan Smith          the Ask Annie mobile app, in partnership with Dementia Australia.



                                                               About Dementia Australia's Ask Annie app
                                                               Ask Annie is a mobile education
                                                               app designed for care workers,
                                                               so they can refresh their skills
                                                               when caring for people living
                                                               with dementia.

                                                               The Ask Annie app now includes
                                                               a module on financial elder abuse. It guides users through
                        Insignia Financial employee,           animated scenarios that explain how to recognise signs of
                        Stephanie Craig, used her              abuse, and outlines how to prevent and report it.
                        volunteer leave to assist in the
                        Lismore clean-up in March 2022.
                                                               All 24 lessons are based on real-life situations and
                        Photo credit: Stephanie Craig          designed to suit the needs of all types of carers, including
                                                               those from culturally and linguistically diverse and
                                                               indigenous backgrounds.




                                                                                    Environmental, social and governance report | 21
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                             Our community




                                                                                                                The Insignia Financial




For personal use only
                                                                                                                reconciliation design
                                                                                                                was developed by
                                                                                                                Leigh Harris, a proud
                                                                                                                Kangoulu and
                                                                                                                Gunggari man based
                                                                                                                in Queensland.




                  Spotlight on                                               Supporting reconciliation and
                                                                             indigenous communities
               Red Dust
                                                                             Reconciliation means working to overcome division and
               We have extended our partnership with Red Dust,
                                                                             inequality. Insignia Financial supports Reconciliation
               which we first partnered with in 2017. Red Dust
                                                                             Australia’s vision for ‘a reconciled, just and equitable
               facilitates genuine cultural exchange as part of our
                                                                             Australia’ and we are working with Reconciliation Australia
               reconciliation efforts.
                                                                             to finalise our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP).
               This year we held the first of our Red Dust yarn
                                                                             Our RAP program outlines how we can strengthen
               side‑by‑side series during National Reconciliation Week.
                                                                             relationships with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
               The program brought Indigenous and non-Indigenous
                                                                             peoples and gain a deeper understanding of their culture
               facilitators together to yarn in ways that enhance cultural
                                                                             and history. We are committed to support programs that
               awareness and allows indigenous Australians to share
                                                                             improve financial literacy and increase superannuation
               their stories.
                                                                             savings and retirement income outcomes for Aboriginal
               Supporting traineeships in remote communities                 and Torres Strait Islander peoples. It’s yet another way we
                                                                             are creating financial wellbeing for all Australians.
               Indigenous Australians in remote communities often have
               poor health. We believe improved health outcomes need         Through the IOOF Foundation, we support Aboriginal
               a two-way exchange with communities. The team at Red          and Torres Strait Islander communities by partnering with
               Dust work with the local communities to ensure programs       organisations such as Red Dust, The Girls from Oz (g-oz)
               are meeting the local needs – getting away from a one-        and the Aboriginal Literacy Foundation.
               size-fits-all approach. They encourage Indigenous youth to
               improve their health using channels they respond to, such
               as sport, art, music and dance. The funding we provided
               supports health and wellbeing programs in Darwin and
               in remote Top End communities (Tiwi Islands, Wadeye,
               Nauiyu and Peppimenarti).




               22 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Modern slavery                           ESG issues when proxy voting as well         these organisations helps inform
                                                                 as when engaging with companies.             the continuous development




For personal use only
                        Insignia Financial is committed to
                                                                                                              of our approach to
                        combating modern slavery within          The United Nations-supported
                                                                                                              responsible investment.
                        its supply chain. Insignia Financial’s   Principles for Responsible Investment
                        second Modern Slavery Statement          (PRI) provide a voluntary framework
                                                                                                              Delivering advice
                        was submitted to the Australian          by which all investors can incorporate
                        Border Force via the public online       ESG issues into their decision-
                                                                                                              confidence
                        register in December 2021.               making and stewardship. The MLC              Following the integration of the MLC
                                                                 Asset Management business will               advice businesses, we've simplified
                        A Modern Slavery online training
                                                                 shortly become a signatory to the            and enhanced our standards,
                        module has been developed and
                                                                 PRI. This is an important step on            governance and assurance
                        deployed to all employees. The
                                                                 our responsible investment journey.          processes across all our advice
                        training is mandatory and outlines
                                                                 It's intended the scope of this              licensee businesses.
                        actions if a suspected or actual case
                                                                 association broadens over time to            Within the Advice division, as part
                        of modern slavery is observed.
                                                                 include additional relevant parts of         of our voluntary advice review,
                        With the significant growth in our       Insignia Financial. In the meantime,         we continue to hold ourselves
                        business operations and supply           all our responsible investment               to high standards, ensuring our
                        chains over the past two years,          policies across the business will be         client obligations have been met by
                        Insignia Financial is extending its      aligned with this commitment. Our            completing advice assessments for
                        assessment and seeking to improve        Responsible Investment Statements,           the ‘Higher Risk Advisers’ and ‘Fee for
                        supply chain response rates over the     which include our proxy voting               No Service’ cases within our heritage
                        next five years.                         standards, can be accessed at:               advice licensees (Bridges, Consultum,
                                                                 www.insigniafinancial.com.au/                Lonsdale and Shadforth), with all
                        Responsible investment                   responsible-investment                       client payments close to completion.
                        Insignia Financial is committed to
                                                                 Via our MLC Asset Management                 Ex-ANZ advice licensees (RI Advice,
                        being a responsible investor. We
                                                                 business, Insignia Financial also            Millennium3 and Financial Services
                        believe incorporating consideration
                                                                 has associated memberships with              Partners) ‘Advice Review’ and ‘Fees for
                        of material ESG factors into our
                                                                 various other local industry bodies          No Service’ remediation assessments
                        investment process can lead to
                                                                 that support responsible investment,         are scheduled to be completed by
                        more informed decision-making.
                                                                 including the Responsible Investment         the end of September 2022, with final
                        Additionally, we are committed to
                                                                 Association Australasia (RIAA) and           remediation payments to be made
                        being good stewards of our clients’
                                                                 the Investor Group on Climate                shortly thereafter.
                        capital, which involves considering
                                                                 Change (IGCC). Membership of




                          “At MLC Asset Management we believe a
                           resilient economy and healthy society are
                           key drivers of long-term wealth creation for
                           our clients. Primarily via our managers, we
                           actively engage with companies to improve
                           sustainability through greater consideration
                           of ESG issues – which in turn is expected to
                           enhance and protect the long-term value of
                           clients’ portfolios.”
                           Grant Mizens Portfolio Manager, MLC Asset Management




                                                                                                          Environmental, social and governance report | 23
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                                   Our people
                                                                                       Our five principles guide
               Culture                                                                     our behaviours




For personal use only
               Central to our culture at Insignia Financial is our purpose –
               'Understand me, look after me, secure my future'. Delivering on
               our purpose for each client brings us closer to our ambition of
               creating financial wellbeing for every Australian.

               Over the past 12 months, we have invested heavily in our culture.
               This focus was critical for us to accelerate the integration of three
               businesses and to protect our client-focused way of working as                    Be human
               we came together as Insignia Financial.                                 We treat those around us the way
                                                                                        we’d like to be treated – openly,
               Even during a period of large-scale business and team integration           honestly and respectfully.
               – and COVID-19 – our culture and engagement metrics have
               remained stable since our baseline survey in October 2021.
               In June 2022, nearly 70% of our people had favourable views
               on our four key measures – engagement, belonging, alignment
               and enablement.

               Our ClientFirst Culture Roadshow is one key activity that has
               contributed to our cultural integration, with all employees invited
               to attend as it travels around the country. These full-day events          Deliver what matters
               help our people understand our purpose, their role in achieving          We make sure we understand
               our ambition and what our principles mean to their work, as well          what matters to every client,
               as immersion in our ClientFirst philosophy.                              and we make sure it happens.




                                                                                            Stronger together
                                                                                         Only by working together can
                                                                                          we truly serve our clients.




                                                                                              Keep it simple
                                                                                            We remove complexity.




                                                                                             Do what's right,
                                                                                             not what's easy
               Insignia Financial employees attending our national                        We back ourselves to make
               ClientFirst Culture Roadshow.                                              the right call. We speak up.



               24 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Employee wellbeing                             To ensure a hybrid way of working
                                                                       is sustainable longer term, we




For personal use only
                        Our purpose also guides our
                                                                       continue to offer our people a broad
                        approach to our people – we strive
                        to create an environment where our
                                                                       range of wellbeing education and           In the June 2022 Our Voice
                                                                       support. Our people also have many
                        people feel understood, looked after                                                      survey, 88% of our people
                                                                       self-service wellbeing resources to
                        and secure. As we do with our clients,                                                    said they felt supported
                                                                       leverage when needed. These include
                        it’s important we understand what
                                                                       workouts, articles, learning modules       to make use of flexible
                        matters to our people. We do this
                        through regular Our Voice culture
                                                                       and recipes.                               work arrangements.
                        and engagement surveys. These                  Knowing that connection and
                        surveys provide ongoing data about             community are an important part of
                        what our people need and allow us to           our culture, we encourage our people
                        respond quickly.                               to connect face to face through
                                                                       events, celebrations and activities
                        Hybrid working                                 such as onboarding sessions for
                        We currently have a hybrid model               new starters. We have 'Connect'
                        of working at Insignia Financial. Our          days which are about socialising and
                        people are empowered to ‘work                  sharing meals together. Our Pride
                        where it works’ for them and their             month party is always a highlight
                        clients, with all our people deciding          of the year.
                        how they spend their time between
                        working remotely and the office.
                        In our June 2022 Our Voice survey,
                        88% of our people said they felt
                        supported to make use of flexible
                        work arrangements. This is up two
                        points on the external benchmark.11




                        11 Culture Amp All Industry Global 2022 benchmark –
                           www.cultureamp.com/science/insights/all-industries-global
                                                                                                              Environmental, social and governance report | 25
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                             Our people
                                                                                                          Our six key diversity and
                                                                                                           inclusion focus areas




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       Pride
                                                                                                             The LGBTQIA+ community.




                                                                                                                  Accessibility
               Diversity and inclusion                                                                         Those with disabilities
                                                                                                                or those caring for
               Insignia Financial is a place where
                                                                                                              people with disabilities.
               we all belong, our people and
               clients alike. To us, belonging means              We recognise and celebrate
               feeling a part of something, being                 the value of difference.
               connected, able to be yourself,
                                                                  This is key to sustainable
               having a voice and being heard. This
               type of culture doesn’t demand
                                                                  business success, ensuring
                                                                                                                Reconciliation
               people fit a certain stereotype or                 we attract and retain high
                                                                                                                 The Aboriginal and
               style. Rather, it encourages people                performing people.                            Torres Strait Islander
               to be themselves. We recognise and
                                                                                                                    community.
               celebrate the value of difference.
               This is key to sustainable business
               success, ensuring we attract and
               retain high‑performing people.                     The strategy focuses on six key
                                                                  areas, each representing parts of
               We assess people’s sense of                                                                      Life and ​family
                                                                  our community that need specific
               ‘belonging’ through the Our Voice
                                                                  support: Pride, accessibility,                 Parents, guardians,
               surveys. That measure was high as
                                                                  reconciliation, life and family,             those looking to start a
               we welcomed MLC and remained                                                                   family, those with caring
                                                                  gender and multicultural.
               high as we worked through                                                                    responsibilities and different
               integration. In the June 2022 survey,              Each of these six key areas is                 age demographics.
               74% of our people were favourable                  sponsored by an Executive Team
               about ‘belonging’.                                 member or senior manager, and
                                                                  led by a senior business leader (as
               Our diversity and inclusion strategy
                                                                  shown next page). These individuals
               for 2022 to 2024 aims to drive
                                                                  make up our Diversity and Inclusion
               initiatives to:
                                                                  Committee, which is chaired by our
               •   raise awareness                                                                                   Gender
                                                                  Chief Executive Officer, Renato Mota.
               •   provide support                                                                                   All genders.
                                                                  Our people feel positive about
               •   celebrate difference
                                                                  our approach to diversity and
               •   create belonging, and                          inclusion, with 85% of our people
               •   address systemic inequalities to               agreeing Insignia Financial values
                   level the playing field.                       diversity (+five points above the
                                                                  external benchmark5) and 77%
                                                                                                                 Multicultural
                                                                  agreeing we build teams that are
                                                                                                                A variety of cultural,
                                                                  diverse (+13 points above the
                                                                                                               religious, heritage and
                                                                  external benchmark).
                                                                                                              background differences.



               26 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Diversity and                                                      Executive Chair
                        Inclusion Committee
                                                                                  Diversity and Inclusion Leader




For personal use only
                                                       Accessibility
                              Pride                                            Reconciliation    Life & Family        Gender         Multicultural
                                                        Executive
                        Executive Sponsor                                    Executive Sponsor Executive Sponsor Executive Sponsor Executive Sponsor
                                                         Sponsor

                              Pride Partner             Accessibility           Reconciliation                Life &                 Gender Partner      Multicultural
                              Senior Leader               Partner                  Partner                Family Partner              Senior Leader         Partner
                                                       Senior Leader            Senior Leader             Senior Leader                                  Senior Leader




                        We continue to make significant strides forward on gender                         We are also working towards WGEA Employer of Choice for
                        diversity. We are improving our gender balance across                             Gender Equality citation which we aim to achieve by 2024.
                        most leadership cohorts and other targeted areas and
                                                                                                          Another key goal within our diversity and inclusion strategy
                        we’ve reduced our gender pay gap to 14.3%. This is well
                                                                                                          is to gain ‘tier status’ under the Australian Workplace
                        below the broader financial services and Australia average.
                                                                                                          Equality Index from the Pride in Diversity initiative by the
                        Another key focus area is improving our female talent                             end of 2024. This index drives best practice in Australia,
                        pipeline. We aim to have a female successor for all                               setting a comparative benchmark for Australian employers
                        executive roles – including the CEO – by 2024. We are                             across all sectors. It is designed to gauge the overall
                        currently working on this through ‘Our Leading Women’,                            impact of inclusion initiatives on organisational culture for
                        a sponsorship and mentorship program focused on                                   LGBTQIA+ identifying and non-identifying employees.
                        improving the visibility, connectedness and career growth
                        of high-potential women across the organisation.




                        Women in leadership roles and other targeted areas

                                                                                                      Female
                                                                                                      representation
                                                        Female                 Female
                                                                                                      target outlined in
                            Category                    representation         representation
                                                                                                      the 2022 to 2024
                                                        July 2021              July 2022
                                                                                                      diversity and
                                                                                                      inclusion strategy

                            Board (excluding CEO)       40.00%                 40.00%                 -

                            Executives (including       35.70%                 38.46%                 45%
                            CEO)

                            Senior managers1            45.10%                 45.56%                 45% target achieved

                            Other managers2             41.30%                 41.75%                 45%

                            Total workforce             49.50%                 50.17%                 -

                            Technology                  27.18%                 28.52%                 30%

                            Asset Management            34.08%                 34.74%                 35%


                        1    Senior Managers includes all roles reporting to an Executive, excluding administrative support roles.
                        2    Other Managers includes all other managers.




                                                                                                                             Environmental, social and governance report | 27
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                                   Our business

               Corporate governance and risk management




For personal use only
               Insignia Financial is committed to strong governance. We apply
               a ‘three lines of defence’ model to the identification and
               management of risk and compliance issues.



                                   1                                               2                                     3
                        First line of defence                         Second line of defence                   Third line of defence
                    All operational areas of the                  The Enterprise Risk and Compliance         This provides independent and
               business, responsible for identifying,                  Team provide oversight and              objective assurance on the
                 assessing, mitigating, monitoring                   challenge of risk management            adequacy and effectiveness of
                and reporting on risks within their               practices by the first line, and advice   governance and risk management
               area including the development and                 and support on the implementation              across the organisation.
                  operation of internal controls.                 of risk and compliance frameworks.




               We continue to invest resources into our three lines of defence
               and into constantly developing our risk and compliance culture.

               Insignia Financial has adopted ASX Listing Rule 4.10.3, which
               allows companies to publish their corporate governance
               statement on their website rather than in their annual report.
               The Board-approved statement is available at:
               www.insigniafinancial.com.au/corporate-governance




               28 | Environmental, social and governance report
                                                                                                                  “We are committed to good




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   corporate governance
                                                                                                                   practices to create value
                                                                                                                   and provide accountability.
                                                                                                                   Our governance focus
                                                                                                                   ensures we manage our
                                                                                                                   clients’ and members’
                                                                                                                   money with exemplary care.”
                                                                                                                   Komal Shahid
                                                                                                                   Risk and Business
                                                                                                                   Resilience Analyst




                        Privacy                                    Our cybersecurity policies and                  Insignia Financial is an active member
                                                                   operational controls are based on               of the Joint Cybersecurity Centre
                        Our clients trust us to keep their
                                                                   the National Institute of Standards             (JCSC) and a partner with Australia’s
                        personal information safe and secure.
                                                                   and Technology Cybersecurity                    national Computer Emergency
                        The personal information we collect
                                                                   Framework, and adhere to APRA                   Response Team (CERT). Insignia
                        is handled in accordance with the
                                                                   prudential guidelines on information            Financial is also a founding member
                        Insignia Financial Group Privacy Policy.
                                                                   and cybersecurity. Insignia Financial           of the Australian Chapter of the
                        We support a strong culture of privacy     has a Cybersecurity Governance                  Global Cyber Alliance, which is an
                        compliance, where reporting and            Forum that runs a cross-business                international, cross-sector effort
                        responding to privacy breaches is          functional overview of cyber risks and          designed to confront and prevent
                        second nature. With the significant        related controls. Our Cybersecurity             malicious cyber activity.
                        growth of our business, we are             Team reports to the Board on cyber
                        continually looking for better ways to     incidents, events, readiness and                Anti-bribery and
                        ensure our controls remain effective       improvement projects.                           anti-corruption
                        and to build privacy awareness.
                                                                   When it comes to cyber risk, our                The Insignia Financial Anti-Bribery
                        Online privacy awareness training          people are our first line of defence            and Anti-Corruption Policy prohibits
                        is provided to all employees               and Insignia Financial is embedding             employees from engaging in any
                        every year and targeted training           a ‘cybersecurity culture’ throughout            activity that constitutes bribery or
                        is delivered several times a year.         the business. Our people undergo                corruption, and provides a framework
                        In May 2022, Insignia Financial            various levels of awareness training,           to ensure that bribery and corruption
                        was an active participant in the           including at induction and mandatory            risks within Insignia Financial’s
                        Office of the Australian Information       annual online training, as well as              businesses are properly identified,
                        Commissioner’s annual Privacy              having one-on-one training sessions             mitigated and managed.
                        Awareness Week.                            where there is a high cyber risk.               This policy seeks fair client outcomes,
                                                                                                                   promotes financial market integrity,
                        Cybersecurity                              All third-party business relationships
                                                                   are established only after a rigorous           raises credibility with key stakeholders
                        Cyber risk is one of the top operational                                                   (including our clients), and supports
                                                                   ‘cyber due diligence’ process
                        risks faced by the Insignia Financial                                                      Insignia Financial’s commitment to
                                                                   governed by our Vendor Management
                        Group. We are committed to keeping                                                         corporate responsibility. The policy
                                                                   Policy. Initial security risk assessments
                        our clients’ personal data secure                                                          was reviewed and Board-approved in
                                                                   are followed up by regular reviews
                        by ensuring we have robust and                                                             April 2021.
                                                                   throughout the contract.
                        continually evolving cybersecurity and
                        privacy controls.



                                                                                                               Environmental, social and governance report | 29
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                             Our business




                                                                                     The intention of the




For personal use only
                                                                                     legislation is to build on
                                                                                     the existing governance
                                                                                     and risk management
                                                                                     frameworks.



               Financial Accountability Regime                                       The Member Office
               The Financial Accountability Regime (FAR) extends the current         The Member Office (MO) is an
               Banking Executive Accountability Regime to strengthen the             independent function within Insignia
               responsibility and accountability of directors and most senior        Financial. The purpose of the MO is to
               and influential executives of financial institutions. The intention   advocate for members and support
               of the legislation is to build on the existing governance and risk    the Insignia Financial APRA-regulated
               management frameworks, ensuring that accountable persons              entity (ARE) boards to discharge their
               within organisations are taking 'reasonable steps' in meeting         fiduciary responsibilities. The MO
               their obligations.                                                    is an extension of our ARE boards
                                                                                     and provides a ‘day to day’ link that
               While the commencement date is uncertain pending                      spans the trustee on one side, and
               re‑introduction of legislation, the project is still working to the   management and service providers
               original date of July 2023, and the project is on schedule.           on the other.
               Insignia Financial established a FAR Steering Committee in            The MO is independent of Insignia
               November 2020. Work completed to date includes executive              Financial Group's management
               and director workshops, drafting of executive accountability          and has the authority to obtain
               statements, review of significant related entities within the         all information necessary to
               group, commencement of 'reasonable steps' assessment, and             assist the ARE boards in meeting
               evidencing of steps being taken along with commencement of            fiduciary obligations.
               recruitment for Office of the FAR.
                                                                                     The Office of the
               Board effectiveness                                                   Responsible Entity
               Insignia Financial’s corporate governance initiatives aim to:         Similarly, the Office of the Responsible
               • consolidate and simplify the structure of the Insignia              Entity (ORE) is an independent
                   Financial Group                                                   function within Insignia Financial.
               • improve the effectiveness of our business and people                The purpose of the ORE is to assist
                                                                                     the responsible entity (RE) boards
               • provide the foundation for future product and entity
                                                                                     to discharge their fiduciary and
                   simplification, and
                                                                                     licensing responsibilities, in the best
               • deliver more effective and efficient governance,
                                                                                     interest of investors. In particular, the
                   communication and coordination.
                                                                                     ORE oversees the performance of
               Our board governance programs have included:                          managed investment schemes and
                                                                                     the provision of scheme services to
               • standardisation and enhancement of board and committee
                                                                                     the REs. The ORE is independent of
                   foundation documents, frameworks and processes across
                   key entities to improve business effectiveness                    management and has access to all
                                                                                     information and resources required
               • initiatives to improve Director effectiveness and enhance
                                                                                     to perform its duties.
                   board decision-making, and
               • improvements to the capability and efficiency of board
                   support functions.



               30 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Executive remuneration




For personal use only
                                                                   company tax rates for the Group’s            Tax contribution analysis
                                                                   Australian and global operations.            The Insignia Financial Group
                        This is the third year of the Executive
                        Equity Plan (EEP), designed to             The Insignia Financial tax                   contributed a total of $143 million in
                        encourage long-term, sustainable           consolidated group was subject to            taxes to the Australian governments
                        decision-making, has been in               a Combined Assurance Review with             (state and federal) in the 2022 tax
                        place for the Executive Team as            the Australian Tax Office (ATO). The         year (up from $141 million in 2021).
                        their variable reward scheme. It is        review concluded on 30 June 2022.            The chart below provides an analysis
                        delivered wholly in equity, vesting        The ATO review delivered an overall          of the types of taxes the Insignia
                        over a four-year performance               high level of assurance, with the            Financial Group remitted in the year.
                        period, and is assessed against a          ATO praising Insignia Financial's            Remediation payments of
                        balanced set of financial and non-         governance, controls and processes.          $315 million in the current year were
                        financial measures including client,                                                    the main driver of a tax loss incurred
                        people and ESG, as well as delivery        Approach to tax strategy
                                                                                                                by the tax consolidated group
                        of strategic priorities. Consistently      and governance
                                                                                                                for the year ended 30 June 2022.
                        living cultural principles, and meeting    Tax governance is part of the                This compared generally to being
                        risk and conduct standards are also        Insignia Financial Group's overall           in a taxable income position in
                        expectations of the EEP framework.         risk management framework, as                the previous year. As a result,
                                                                   well as being part of an overall tax         income tax for 2022 for the Group
                        We’ve advanced our preparation in
                                                                   strategy. The overall tax strategy           is $0.24 million compared with
                        readiness for the FAR and Prudential
                                                                   drives the Group’s approach to tax           $64.8 million in 2021.
                        Standard CPS 511 (which requires
                                                                   risk management and is aimed at
                        APRA-regulated entities to maintain
                                                                   good corporate tax compliance and
                        remuneration arrangements that
                                                                   reporting, the ability to meet and               2022 tax contribution
                        appropriately incentivise individuals
                        to prudently manage the risks
                                                                   be prepared for regulatory changes,              by type (total $143m)
                                                                   and to ensuring shareholder value.
                        they are responsible for). This
                                                                   Tax governance is continuously
                        includes progress on accountability
                                                                   monitored in line with the Group's
                        statements and our consequence
                                                                   strategy. The Insignia Financial Group
                        framework and practices, which are
                                                                   regards its relationship with the ATO
                        reinforced through the remuneration
                                                                   as effective and open.
                        framework. For senior executives,
                        work is underway to increase the           Information regarding
                        deferral period arrangement to align       international related
                        with FAR and CPS 511 expectations.         party dealings
                                                                   The Insignia Financial Group largely
                        Tax transparency
                                                                   conducted its activities in Australia                Income tax $0.24m
                        The Insignia Financial Group is            for the current financial year. Minor                GST $95.5m
                        committed to tax transparency,             operations were acquired in foreign                  Payroll tax $36.6m
                        signing up to the Board of Taxation's      jurisdictions, including in the USA,                 Fringe benefits tax $1.2m
                        Voluntary Tax Transparency Code            UK and Canada on 31 May 2021, and                    Rates & property taxes $7.9m
                        (the Code), as an early adopter in         each of those entities is subject to                 Other $1.6m
                        early 2017.                                the local tax regime. A minor entity in           Further taxes paid and/or dealt
                                                                                                                     with by the Insignia Financial
                        The Insignia Financial Group provides      New Zealand was wound up during
                                                                                                                     Group on behalf of others,
                        a reconciliation of accounting profit      the year. Related party dealings                  including employees and
                        to tax expense and also reconciles         between the Group’s Australian and                members, are not directly borne
                        income tax paid versus tax payable.        foreign jurisdictions are supported               by the Group. These include
                                                                                                                     income tax, GST, pay-as-you-earn
                        Additionally, it identifies the material   by transfer pricing and country by
                                                                                                                     withholding taxes, and local duties,
                        temporary and non-temporary                country documentation.                            totalling a further $1,747 million.
                        differences and accounting effective



                                                                                                             Environmental, social and governance report | 31
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                             Our business




For personal use only
               Climate risk – Taskforce on                                       We are on a transformation path in bringing together
               Climate‑related Financial Disclosures                             three large organisations, including multiple super
                                                                                 funds and responsible entities (REs). The business is
               (TCFD) update
                                                                                 consolidating and simplifying its structure, processes,
               Insignia Financial believes the sustainability of our             products and entities to create efficiencies and ensure
               business is intrinsically linked to the sustainability of the     we deliver for clients.
               environment and communities we operate in. Under our
               new united brand, we are consolidating our sustainability         Accordingly, our environmental activity in 2022 has
               approaches to climate risks across our operations and             focused on alignment of approaches to climate issues,
               fiduciary businesses (superannuation and investment).             climate risk education for RE boards and alignment of
                                                                                 our responsible investment approach across registrable
               We believe climate risks need to be adequately addressed          superannuation entities (RSEs). All this has been
               to ensure the sustainability of our business, to meet             achieved with the backdrop of the heritage MLC and
               stakeholder expectations and deliver on our ambition              IOOF investment teams being aligned under a single
               of delivering financial wellbeing to all Australians.             investment team.
               Insignia Financial assesses climate-related risk across
               our key business pillars, including corporate operations,         Our membership of RIAA and IGCC via our Asset
               superannuation, asset management and advice.                      Management business helps to inform the development of
                                                                                 our responsible investment approach and assessment of
               As this is Insignia Financial’s first climate risk report using   climate-related risks.
               the TCFD framework, we are providing some context on
               our approach to climate risk.



               32 | Environmental, social and governance report
                                                                                                                   Financial year 2022
                                                                                                                   highlights

                                                                                                                    Achieved carbon




For personal use only
                                                                                                                    neutral status
                                                                                                                    for business
                                                                                                                    operational emissions
                                                                                                                    Offsetting 9,826 tonnes CO2-e



                                                                                                                                  Committed to
                                                                                                                                  achieving net
                                                                                                                                  zero 2050

                                                                                                                   for operational emissions in
                                                                                                                   support of the Paris Agreement



                                                                                                                    Invested in renewable assets
                                                                                                                    via superannuation funds

                                                                                                                   $260m
                                                                                                                    including the Powering Australian
                                                                                                                    Renewables (PowAR) project



                                                                                                                                  Aligned climate
                                                                                                                                  risk education
                                                                                                                                  across responsible
                                                                                                                                  entity boards



                        Climate commitment                       At the time of this report, Insignia
                                                                 Financial is calculating financial year
                        In April 2022, Insignia Financial made
                                                                 2022 scope 1, 2 and 3 operational
                        a commitment to achieve net zero
                                                                 emissions, which will be used as a
                        carbon emissions by 2050 for our
                                                                 baseline to make a further 2030
                        corporate operational emissions, in
                                                                 carbon reduction commitment.
                        support of the Paris Agreement goals.
                                                                 This calculation will include a full
                        To further highlight environmental       12 months of emissions generated
                        commitments, we have measured            through the MLC business, and
                        our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions for       will form an appropriate baseline
                        corporate operations. In June 2022,      for future reporting on emissions
                        Insignia Financial achieved carbon       reductions.
                        neutral status as an organisation
                                                                 Insignia Financial is committed to
                        through the offsetting of these
                                                                 continually reviewing and improving
                        emissions. We are currently in
                                                                 our processes, frameworks and
                        the process of attaining Climate
                                                                 disclosures in relation to managing
                        Active accreditation as an
                                                                 climate change risks.
                        organisation (Refer to the ‘Our
                        community’ section).




                                                                                                           Environmental, social and governance report | 33
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                             Our business




               Insignia Financial’s key climate-related activities




For personal use only
                 TCFD recommendation                    Progress

                 Governance                             • The governance structure of boards,                • Climate risk issues assessed
                 • Board oversight                        investment committees, investment teams and          across Insignia Financial through
                                                          working groups has been enhanced to ensure           company-wide responsible
                 • Management responsibility              climate risks are adequately understood and          investing working group
                                                          managed                                            • Board members of REs and RSEs
                                                        • Climate risk included as part of the                 have undertaken climate risk
                                                          Insignia Financial Board's Risk and                  education
                                                          Compliance Committee                               • Regular ESG papers delivered
                                                        • The Head of ESG provides regular climate risk        to RE and RSE boards, covering
                                                          reporting to the Insignia Financial Board            climate risk.
                                                        • Climate risk issues are assessed within
                                                          the Asset Management business through
                                                          the ESG taskforce

                 Strategy                               • The Insignia Financial Board approved a            • Climate-related risks and
                 • Climate-related risks and              net zero 2050 commitment for corporate               opportunities are included in
                    opportunities                         emissions                                            the responsible investment
                                                        • A working group has been formed to                   statements for RSEs
                 • Impacts on business, strategy
                    and financial planning                identify and implement actions to reduce           • Specialist external fund managers
                                                          operational emissions                                have been engaged to ensure
                 • Climate scenario analysis
                                                        • A Head of Responsible Investment has been            relevant ESG risks are assessed
                                                          appointed to assist in developing a climate        • Proxy voting frameworks have
                                                          risk framework within the Asset Management           been implemented to assess and
                                                          business                                             vote on company resolutions.

                 Risk management                        • ESG risks to Insignia Financial has been           • Climate scenario analysis for super
                 • Processes for identifying and          captured as part of the corporate risk               default funds has commenced
                    assessing climate-related risks       framework and reported to the Board and              to provide an understanding of
                                                          the Executive Team                                   climate risks
                 • Processes for managing
                    climate-related risks               • Insignia Financial achieved carbon neutral         • Our Asset Management
                                                          status for its operational emissions, offsetting     business is working with external
                 • Integration with overall risk
                                                          emissions generated in financial year 2021           investment consultants to
                    management
                                                        • ESG factors are considered a key enduring            measure the carbon intensity of
                                                          principle for our Group and entity risk              portfolios
                                                          appetite statements within our corporate risk      • ESG risks and associated controls
                                                          management framework                                 are captured as part of the asset
                                                        • Responsible investment statements outline            management risk profile to ensure
                                                          how we approach climate risk considerations in       a focus on climate-related risks
                                                          investment portfolios

                 Metrics and targets                    • Measured Insignia Financial scope 1, 2 and         • Our emissions reduction plan is
                 • Metrics to assess climate-             3 emissions for financial year 2021 – see            being developed
                    related risk and opportunities        'Carbon footprint' section (page 19)               • We have measured the carbon
                 • Targets to manage climate-           • Insignia Financial has committed to net zero         intensity of equity exposure across
                    related risks and opportunities       2050 for emissions generated through its             in-house multi-manager funds
                    and performance                       business operations                                • The climate risk assessment
                 • Disclose scope 1 and 2, and          • Insignia Financial will set a 2030 GHG reduction     framework has been applied to
                    if appropriate, scope 3 GHG           target for operational emissions once financial      MySuper funds
                    emissions and related risks           year 2022 emissions are calculated




               34 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Climate risk governance




For personal use only
                        Boards
                        Both the corporate and fiduciary
                        boards of Insignia Financial consider
                        climate risks. The Group Risk and
                        Compliance Committee (GRCC) of
                        the Insignia Financial Group Board
                        of Directors oversees ESG risks,
                        including climate risks. Identification
                        of corporate risks to the board are
                        informed by the Enterprise Risk and
                        Compliance (ERC) business unit.
                        The Head of ESG works with the ERC
                        to inform ESG risks.

                        Investment committees
                        The investment committees are a
                        delegated authority of the fiduciary
                        boards of Insignia Financial, and have
                        approved and adopted responsible
                        investing policies. These policies
                        recognise the direct and indirect
                        financial implications of climate
                        change for companies and therefore
                        longer-term investor returns. These        policies and frameworks within the           tasked with aligning and shaping
                        risks are managed from an asset            investment process.                          the Insignia Financial responsible
                        allocation and manager allocation                                                       investment approach. The group
                                                                   All investment teams are responsible
                        perspective – and risks are managed                                                     considers responsible investing
                                                                   for considering climate-related
                        by the investment committees.                                                           issues from stakeholders, including
                                                                   risks when making investment
                                                                                                                regulators and clients, to help develop
                        The asset management team                  recommendations. Asset allocation
                                                                                                                the approach to responsible investing
                        reports regularly to the relevant          teams consider how different types
                                                                                                                and make recommendations on how
                        investment committees concerning           of assets could be affected by various
                                                                                                                the organisation can evolve in this
                        climate‑related risks.                     climate change scenarios, including
                                                                                                                space. It comprises representatives
                                                                   an assessment of how climate change
                        Investment teams                                                                        from corporate affairs, marketing,
                                                                   risk may differ between regions and
                        The investment teams are responsible                                                    governance, distribution, investments,
                                                                   markets. Asset class teams consider
                        for implementing the responsible                                                        product and risk.
                                                                   how underlying managers incorporate
                        investing policies and reporting on        climate risk into their broader ESG          An asset management ‘ESG Taskforce’
                        progress and activities relating to        and investment risk assessment and           has been set up to support work
                        responsible investing. The Chief           encourage underlying managers                and decisions required to drive
                        Investment Officer (CIO) and the           to improve disclosure of material            ESG thinking across the asset
                        Head of Responsible Investment             climate change impacts.                      management business, understand
                        have key roles. The CIO is ultimately                                                   latest insights from clients and
                        responsible for the overall investment     Working groups                               external organisations and ensure
                        program, including management of           Insignia Financial has established two       all teams within our business are
                        climate-related risks in the portfolios.   working groups to oversee responsible        aligned – including investment teams,
                        The Head of Responsible Investment         investing. An organisational-wide            distribution, product, risk, marketing
                        reports to the CIO and assists with the    management working group focusing            and governance.
                        development and integration of ESG         on responsible investing has been



                                                                                                            Environmental, social and governance report | 35
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                             Our business




               Climate risk strategy




For personal use only
               We believe considering ESG                                          1. Transition risks
               factors will reduce risk and create                                 These are risks and opportunities created as the world
               opportunities, both as a corporate                                  transitions to a low-carbon economy
               and when applying these factors to
               our superannuation and investment
                                                                                   2. Physical risks
               portfolios for clients.
                                                                                   These are the physical risks to businesses and assets due
               In achieving carbon neutral status                                  to changing weather patterns, such as severe weather
               as a corporate, we believe we can                                   events, longer-term shifts in climate and rising sea levels.
               influence businesses within our
               supply chain to better manage their
               emissions. In addition to our 2050 net
               zero commitment, Insignia Financial                Implementing the TCFD                      • Transition and physical damage
               will make a further 2030 emissions                 climate risk framework for                   changes – the manner in which
               reduction commitment once financial                our investment portfolios                    global spending, investment,
               year 2022 scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions                                                            policy changes and extreme
                                                                  Insignia Financial has developed a
               calculations are completed.                                                                     weather events affect global
                                                                  framework to assess the financial            gross domestic product and
               Through the assessment of transition               impact of climate change on expected         investment markets.
               and physical risks on our MySuper                  returns for its range of MySuper
                                                                                                             • Expected return – the
               portfolios, we can better manage                   default investment portfolios. This          performance impact of climate
               climate risks. We will continue to                 framework is a scenario-based                change under the different time
               develop this model and apply it to our             approach calibrated to each                  horizon and climate change
               full suite of in-house multi-manager               portfolio’s strategic asset allocation       scenarios.
               portfolios in financial year 2023.                 (SAA) and the temperature targets          • Dollar cost impact – the dollar
                                                                  set by the Paris Agreement. Called           value reduction climate change
                                                                  the Climate Change SAA Framework             could make to an investor’s
                                                                  (CCSF), it is aligned to the Financial       portfolio assuming a lifetime
                                                                  Stability Board’s TCFD framework             of investment.
                                                                  and APRA’s CPG 229 Climate Change          • Probability of meeting
                                                                  Financial Risks guidelines.                  investment objectives –
                                                                                                               quantifying the reduction in
                                                                  The CCSF was applied to Insignia
                                                                                                               probability that a portfolio meets
                                                                  Financials’ diversified MySuper              its investment objectives.
                                                                  superannuation portfolios in mid-
                                                                                                             • Time horizons – three time
                                                                  2022. It provides a foundation
                                                                                                               horizons, covering 2030, 2050
                                                                  for governance oversight and                 and 2100, in line with the
              In addition to our 2050                             encourages the development of                Paris Agreement.
                                                                  appropriate risk management
              net zero commitment,                                                                           • Climate change scenarios – an
                                                                  practices by investment teams.               ‘Orderly’ scenario which assumes
              Insignia Financial will
                                                                  The financial impact of climate              early policy action, a ‘Disorderly’
              make a further 2030                                                                              scenario for late policy action, and
                                                                  change on Insignia Financial's
              emissions reduction                                 diversified funds is framed by
                                                                                                               a ‘Hothouse’ scenario assuming
                                                                                                               no policy reaction to climate
              commitment once                                     the following perspectives:
                                                                                                               change, in line with the Central
              financial year 2022 scope                           • Capital market assumption                  Banks and Supervisors Network
              1, 2 and 3 emissions                                  – the degree to which climate              for Greening the Financial System
                                                                    change impacts forecast asset              (NGFS) scenarios.
              calculations are completed.
                                                                    class returns and expected
                                                                    portfolio returns.




               36 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Climate Change SAA                                     Insignia Financial key climate-related activities
                        Framework observations




For personal use only
                                                                                            Time                       Climate change                        Probability
                        There is considerable uncertainty as to the
                                                                                            horizon                    scenario                              impact
                        manner in which climate change risks will impact
                        financial assets to the end of the century.                                                    Hothouse scenario (4 degrees)         -1%
                        This requires assumptions in order to produce
                        a usable framework to guide risk management                                             2030   Disorderly scenario (3 degrees)       -1%
                        decision-making. The econometric modelling
                        results published by the NGFS acknowledges                                                     Orderly scenario (2 degrees)          -2%
                        such uncertainties.
                                                                                                                       Hothouse scenario (4 degrees)         -3%
                        Our climate change analysis recognises climate
                        change poses financial risks to Insignia Financial’s                                    2050   Disorderly scenario (3 degrees)       -2%
                        range of portfolios compared to a base case
                        excluding the effects of climate change.                                                       Orderly scenario (2 degrees)          -1%
                        Our assessment considers a range of
                                                                                                                       Hothouse scenario (4 degrees)         -13%
                        financial metrics framed by the perspectives
                        outlined earlier.
                                                                                                                2100   Disorderly scenario (3 degrees)       -5%
                        As an example of one metric examined, the table
                        on the right summarises the asset-weighted                                                     Orderly scenario (2 degrees)          -2%
                        reduction in probability, due to climate change, of
                        Insignia Financial's MySuper funds meeting their
                        investment objectives under various time horizons
                        and climate scenarios.
                                                                               Insignia Financial's risk management framework

                        Risk management
                        ESG factors, including climate risk, are considered
                                                                                                                              Establish the context
                        a key enduring principle for our Group and entity
                        risk appetite statements within our corporate risk
                        management framework.




                                                                               Communication and consultation
                        The Insignia Financial risk management framework
                                                                                                                           Risk identification




                                                                                                                                                                            Review and monitoring
                        establishes effective and clear principles to
                        ensure material risks are effectively, efficiently
                        and consistently identified, assessed and
                        managed. Our risk management processes are                                                           Risk analysis
                        illustrated below.

                        Risk management processes include the
                        application of logical and systematic methods for:
                                                                                                                            Risk evaluation
                        • communicating and consulting throughout the
                          risk management process
                        • establishing the context for identifying,
                          analysing, evaluating and treating risk
                          associated with any activity, process, function,                                                       Risk treatment
                          product or service
                        • monitoring, challenging and reviewing risks as
                          required; and
                        • recording and reporting the results                                                               Recording and reporting
                          appropriately.




                                                                                                                               Environmental, social and governance report | 37
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                             Our business




                 Context and criteria                             Risk assessment and monitoring              Risk reporting




For personal use only
                 • ESG factors are considered a key               • Insignia Financial Group and business     • ESG risk ratings against appetite,
                    enduring principle for our Group and            divisions assess and monitor ESG            risk profile risks and controls are
                    entity risk appetite statements.                risks through risk profiles.                reported to boards and management
                                                                                                                groups to provide a view of the
                 • Where applicable, our entity                   • ESG risks are identified, analysed and
                                                                                                                effectiveness of risk management.
                    risk appetite statements have                   evaluated through considerations
                    specific ESG and/or climate risk                such as likelihood and consequence        • This includes performance against
                    qualitative statements which define             of the risk occurring, the control          risk appetite, management
                    the risk appetite and acceptable                factors that mitigate the risk, and the     monitoring control testing and
                    risk tolerance thresholds. The                  of risk relative to the risk appetite.      significant events.
                    development of risk metrics is in
                                                                  • The design and operating
                    its formative stage of development
                                                                    effectiveness of ESG controls are
                    as we build an understanding
                                                                    periodically assessed to ensure
                    of climate risk levers in the
                                                                    integrity and currency.
                    investment portfolios.




                                                                  Risk management for our                      Metrics and targets
                                                                  investment portfolios                        Insignia Financial will continue to
                                                                  As a significant asset manager               enhance its climate risk frameworks
              ESG risks and associated                            and superannuation provider for              and metrics as we align and integrate
              controls are captured                               Australians, Insignia Financial believes     our business model. In financial year
                                                                  the consideration and management             2023, Insignia Financial will:
              as part of the asset
                                                                  of ESG factors, including climate risk,
              management risk profile at                                                                       • commit to a 2030 GHG reduction
                                                                  is important in meeting our long-term           target for operational emissions
              a corporate level, to ensure                        performance objectives for clients.             once financial year 2022 emissions
              visibility of, and focus on,                        ESG risks and associated controls               are calculated
              climate-related risks.                              are captured as part of the asset            • communicate a corporate
                                                                  management risk profile at a                    emissions reduction plan as
                                                                  corporate level, to ensure visibility of,       part of our 2023 emissions
                                                                                                                  reduction commitment
                                                                  and focus on, climate-related risk.
                                                                                                               • extend our TCFD-aligned climate
                                                                  Our Responsible Investment Position             risk framework across the majority
                                                                  statements outline how we consider              of in-house managed multi-
                                                                  and manage ESG, including climate-              manager portfolios, and
                                                                  related risks, within our internally         • become a signatory to the
                                                                  managed investment portfolios.                  UN‑supported PRI through our
                                                                  These statements can be found here:             Asset Management business.
                                                                  www.insigniafinancial.com.au/
                                                                  responsible-investment




               38 | Environmental, social and governance report
                        Financial




For personal use only
                        report
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022




                        Contents
                        Operating and financial review42

                        Directors’ report61

                        Remuneration report                            65

                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration81

                        Consolidated statement of
                        comprehensive income82

                        Consolidated statement of financial position83

                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity84

                        Consolidated statement of cash flows86

                        Notes to the financial statements87

                        Directors’ declaration138

                        Independent Auditor’s Report139

                        Shareholder information147


                                                       Financial report | 41
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review

               About Insignia Financial Ltd                                      Effective 9 December 2021, the Company changed its name
                                                                                 to Insignia Financial Ltd and commenced rebranding the
               Insignia Financial Ltd (previously IOOF Holdings Ltd) (the        corporate group to Insignia Financial. The Insignia Financial
               Company or Parent) is listed on the Australian Securities         name is a unifying brand for Insignia Financial’s people




For personal use only
               Exchange (ASX: IFL). The Insignia Financial Ltd consolidated      and represents the shared ambition of creating financial
               group includes the Company and its controlled entities (the       wellbeing for all Australians.
               Insignia Financial Group or the Group).

               The Insignia Financial Group has been helping Australians         Strategy and outlook
               secure their financial future since 1846. During that time, the   The Insignia Financial Group has been helping Australians
               Insignia Financial Group has grown substantially to become        secure their financial future for 176 years. During that
               one of the largest groups in the financial services industry.     time, the Insignia Financial Group has grown substantially
                                                                                 to become a leading provider of quality financial advice,
               Purpose                                                           products and services with more than $297.5b in funds
               The Insignia Financial Group’s purpose is to:                     under management and administration (FUMA) as at
                                                                                 30 June 2022 and over 2 million clients throughout Australia.
               • understand me;
                                                                                 The Insignia Financial Group’s ambition is to create financial
               • look after me; and                                              wellbeing for all Australians, which is founded upon its
               • secure my future.                                               purpose of ‘understand me, look after me, secure my future’
               The Insignia Financial Group’s ambition is to create financial    and its ClientFirst thinking, principles and ways of working
               wellbeing for every Australian.                                   whereby the Insignia Financial Group places clients at the
                                                                                 centre of everything it does.
               The Insignia Financial Group intends to achieve this through
                                                                                 As a client-led organisation, the Insignia Financial Group
               • delivering what matters to clients;
                                                                                 believes that success only emanates from caring about
               • continuing to promote a ClientFirst culture; and                people, providing outstanding service and delivering
               • building a better tomorrow for the community and                consistent performance and further, that by exceeding the
                   shareholders.                                                 needs of its clients, the Insignia Financial Group can build an
                                                                                 enduring and trusted institution that is capable of creating
               Principal activities                                              wealth for shareholders on an ongoing basis. Accordingly,
                                                                                 the Insignia Financial Group views client value creation
               The principal activities of the Insignia Financial Group are:
                                                                                 and shareholder wealth creation as joint and mutually
               • Platforms: Offering a wide range of financial services          reinforcing objectives. By acting in clients’ best interests and
                   solutions on superannuation and investments to clients        improving outcomes for clients, the Insignia Financial Group
                   including investors, members, employers and advisers.         can reward shareholders for their investment.
               • Advice: Providing quality financial advice that is
                   accessible, affordable and engaging for Australians;
                   helping clients navigate their way through a range of
                   financial products and services and educating clients
                   to improve their financial literacy.
               • Asset Management: Delivering strong and consistent
                   returns to clients with access to world-leading investment
                   managers across a broad range of highly rated single
                   and multi-manager capabilities and other attractive
                   investment opportunities.




               42 | Financial report
                        The Insignia Financial Group’s commitment to improve client           In pursuit of its ambition, the Insignia Financial Group has
                        outcomes is underpinned by:                                           formulated a three-stage program designed to enable it to
                        • an ability to leverage its scale and manage ongoing                 stabilise, simplify and prosper. Execution of the strategic
                          operational efficiency to allow for continued investment            initiatives associated with each of those stages will assist




For personal use only
                          in new products and services;                                       Insignia Financial Group in realising its ambition.

                        • ownership of multiple elements of the wealth value                  The Insignia Financial Group completed the stabilise phase
                          chain to efficiently and seamlessly deliver the needs               in FY20. The Insignia Financial Group now has an integration
                          of clients, from early accumulation through to drawdown             and simplification strategic focus and expects that this
                          in retirement;                                                      current phase will continue to FY25. Refer to page 44 for
                        • providing advice, in the appropriate form and at the                further updates on the integrate & simplify stage.
                          appropriate juncture, to help Australians achieve their             Insignia Financial Group’s pursuit of its ambition is
                          financial wellbeing and retirement objectives;                      underpinned by a strong balance sheet and a commitment
                        • a contemporary, flexible and competitive suite of                   to deliver further growth and synergies in its operating
                          offerings supported by choice to efficiently address                segments. The Insignia Financial Group will continue to
                          clients’ evolving needs over time;                                  provide quarterly business performance updates along with
                        • differentiated service focusing on ‘what matters’                   updates of the progress of executing its strategic initiatives.
                          to clients, delivered through ClientFirst;
                        • consistent and sustainable investment performance;
                        • ensuring a trusted partner status underpinned by
                          robust governance, compliance and risk management
                          frameworks and a commitment to integrating
                          environmental, social and governance factors into
                          strategic and investment decisions and operational
                          processes; and
                        • an open architecture approach that actively promotes
                          and supports not only the Insignia Financial Group’s
                          products but also products offered by competitors.
                          If the Insignia Financial Group does not have the best
                          solutions, the Insignia Financial Group partners with
                          other experts who do.



                         FY19 to FY20                                  FY21 to FY25                                FY25/26 and beyond


                                                                                                                      Prosper
                                                                        Integrate
                                                                        & simplify
                                                                                                                      •   Best in class capabilities
                                                                                                                          for clients
                            Stabilise                                                                                 •   Low cost to serve for clients
                                                                        Simplification across platforms,
                                                                                                                      •   Scalable, efficient model
                                                                        products, investments, entities
                                                                                                                      •   Advice advocacy and trusted
                                                                        and enablers is the key to unlocking
                            •   Purpose driven culture
                                                                        benefits of scale for clients by:
                                                                                                                          reputation
                            •   Uplift governance capabilities
                            •   Capital management
                                                                        •   Reducing cost to serve and
                                                                            fees Simplifying and uplifting
                                                                            products and investments
                                                                        •   Reducing risk by reducing
                                                                            complexity and adopting
                                                                            best practices
                                                                        •   Uplifting foundational
                                                                            enabling capabilities




                                                                                                                                          Financial report | 43
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

               The Insignia Financial Group’s strategy on a page, set out below, identifies the outcomes which it is seeking to achieve for its key
               stakeholders and during the simplification phase, the key strategic priorities to deliver those outcomes.




For personal use only
                                our
                           stakeholders
                              & target
                             outcomes
                                                                                      deliver what                                                         our metrics
                                                                                        matters      stronger together
                                          our strategic                                                                                                  net promoter score
                                           initiatives                     be human
                                                                                                                                                     net funds ﬂow   cost to serve
                                                                                                                         keep it simple                  investment performance

                                                      our ClientFirst                                                                                 cultural alignment & engagement
                                                       foundation
                                                                                                                                                           total shareholder return
                                                   ClientFirst thinking,               our purpose
                                                    principles & ways                                                             do what’s right,               reputation
                                                        of working                understand me | look after me                   not what’s easy
                                                                                        secure my future




               Environmental, social and                                                              To help guide our responsible investment practices, the
                                                                                                      Insignia Financial Group is a member of the Investor Group
               governance                                                                             on Climate Change (IGCC) and a member of Responsible
               The Insignia Financial Group acknowledges that the                                     Investment Association of Australia (RIAA) through the
               sustainability of its business is intrinsically linked to the                          Asset Management business.
               sustainability of the environment and the communities                                  The Insignia Financial Group is also building stronger
               in which it operates.                                                                  community connections through workplace giving, the IOOF
               Maintaining strong environmental, social and governance                                Foundation and engaging with First Nations Australians. The
               (ESG) practices forms part of the Insignia Financial Group’s                           Group has also focused on creating a sense of belonging
               business strategy and enables the Group to manage risks                                for its people, given the significant growth of the business.
               and realise long-term value for all stakeholders.                                      The Insignia Financial Group’s annual ESG report, set to be
               The Insignia Financial Group has continued to build its                                published in October 2022, will provide detailed information
               ESG capability throughout FY22. The Group believes in the                              on our ESG material matters and how we are progressing
               science of climate change and is committed to supporting                               towards our United Nations Sustainable Development
               the global vision to move to net zero 2050. In June 2022, the                          Goals. The Insignia Financial Group will also be addressing
               Insignia Financial Group achieved carbon neutrality across                             climate risk using the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
               its business operations through the offsetting of scope 1,                             Disclosures (TCFD) reporting framework.
               2 and 3 emissions. The Company is also in the process of
               becoming a Climate Active–accredited organisation.                                     Integration and simplification
               After almost doubling in employee numbers following                                    During the year, the Insignia Financial Group made further
               the acquisition of MLC, later this calendar year the                                   progress in executing its integration and simplification
               Insignia Financial Group plans to make a further carbon                                priorities, as described below.
               reduction commitment by 2030, once 2022 emissions
                                                                                                      Strategic priority refresh
               have been benchmarked.
                                                                                                      The Insignia Financial Group articulated its strategic
                                                                                                      ambition, being to provide financial wellbeing to every
                                                                                                      Australian, which is consistent with the Insignia Financial
                                                                                                      Group’s purpose and ClientFirst thinking, principles and
                                                                                                      ways of working. In pursuit of that ambition, the Insignia


               44 | Financial report
                        Financial Group prioritised strategic initiatives focused         sustainable. A fundamental part of this simplification is
                        on integration and operating model simplification, client         Evolve, a cross-functional program of work focused on the
                        engagement and financial wellbeing, platform, product             delivery of a contemporary integrated platform. The first
                        and entity simplification, Advice 2.0, ESG uplift and culture     phase of this work, Evolve21, which involved the integration




For personal use only
                        and engagement.                                                   of all heritage Insignia Financial Group proprietary products
                                                                                          into the Evolve platform, was completed in December 2021.
                        Organisational design
                                                                                          The Insignia Financial Group plans to converge certain
                        The Insignia Financial Group completed a program to
                                                                                          activities relating to the separation of the MLC business
                        simplify and optimise its organisational structure. As part
                                                                                          with certain platform simplification activities. As part of this
                        of this program, the Technology division was repointed to
                                                                                          approach, the next major phase of platform simplification
                        the Chief Operating & Technology Officer in September
                                                                                          focuses on the execution of Evolve23, which is expected
                        2021. This new operating model more closely aligns
                                                                                          to be completed in mid 2023, thereby reducing the
                        technology with the integration and simplification agenda
                                                                                          number of platforms supporting the MLC business from
                        and allows technology capabilities to be more deeply
                                                                                          three to two.
                        embedded in the Insignia Financial Group’s ClientFirst
                        thinking, principles and ways of working.                         In June 2022, the Insignia Financial Group completed the
                                                                                          transition of 21,372 members from the legacy Integra Super
                        In June 2022, the Insignia Financial Group completed a
                                                                                          product to the contemporary ANZ Smart Choice Super
                        program of work to simplify governance structures of, and
                                                                                          product. All transitioned members now have the benefit
                        processes for, entities within the Insignia Financial Group,
                                                                                          of more contemporary product features and investment
                        which will provide a foundation for future simplification.
                                                                                          options and the number of platforms administered by the
                        Separation of the ex-ANZ Pensions and                             P&I business has been reduced from three to two.
                        Investments business                                              Synergy program
                        The Insignia Financial Group finalised the technology
                                                                                          The Insignia Financial Group’s synergy program includes the
                        approach for the separation of the P&I business from
                                                                                          following key activities: organisational design, procurement
                        ANZ and completed the activities to be undertaken prior
                                                                                          savings, property consolidation and external investment
                        to 30 June 2022. The Insignia Financial Group expects to
                                                                                          manager fee reviews.
                        complete the separation by 31 October 2022, including the
                        transition of the systems and people supporting the P&I           During the year, the Group achieved $78m in-year synergies
                        business to the Insignia Financial Group’s environment and        realised in the profit and loss (2021: $34m). Integration and
                        the exit from all transitional services provided by ANZ.          synergy realisation is currently ahead of plan and the $218m
                                                                                          synergy target ($68m from ex-ANZ P&I acquisition and
                        Separation of the MLC business                                    $150m from MLC acquisition) is expected to be achieved
                        The Insignia Financial Group determined the approach              within an accelerated timeframe. In particular, the synergies
                        for transitioning MLC employees from the NAB environment          associated with the MLC acquisition are expected to be
                        to the Insignia Financial Group’s environment and                 largely completed by 31 December 2022, 18 months ahead
                        commenced the related activities. The Insignia Financial          of the original plan of three years.
                        Group progressed the design of the technology approach
                                                                                          Run rate synergies of $124m were achieved in the year,
                        for separating from NAB the systems which support
                                                                                          resulting in cumulative run rate synergies of $180m against
                        the MLC business. A key element of those plans is the
                                                                                          the $218m synergy target. The synergy run rate target is
                        convergence of separation activities with platform,
                                                                                          expected to be largely achieved by 31 December 2022,
                        product and entity simplification activities. Until the
                                                                                          with in-year benefits flowing through to FY24.
                        separation milestone is achieved, NAB will continue
                        to provide services to the Insignia Financial Group               The Group expects to achieve further synergies beyond
                        under a transitional services agreement.                          the original $218m target, primarily as a result of
                                                                                          platform simplification and operating model optimisation
                        Platform simplification                                           opportunities.
                        Platform, product and entity simplification (‘platform
                        simplification’) is one of Insignia Financial Group’s strategic
                        priorities and is key to unlocking benefits of scale for
                        all stakeholders by creating opportunities for growth
                        by investing in and focusing on what matters to clients,
                        reducing risk by reducing complexity and cost to serve,
                        thereby allowing the Insignia Financial Group to create
                        improved outcomes for clients that are economically


                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 45
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

               Financial highlights
               Funds under management and administration1,2                             Net profit after tax (NPAT) 4
               Improved net flows offset by lower market performance                    Improved financial performance, partially offset by the impact




For personal use only
                                        $318.7b                                         of impairment and remediation
                                                        $297.5b

                                        $97.7b                                             $142.6m
                                                         $92.3b



                                                                                                                                $36.8m
                   $107.6b              $221.0b
                                                        $205.2b
                    $22.4b

                    $85.2b

                                                                                                             ($142.6m)
                   June 2020           June 2021       June 2022
                    FUA        FUM                                                           2020              2021               2022



               Number of advisers2                                                      Underlying net profit after tax (UNPAT)
               Adviser numbers declining as part of the journey                         Strong business growth underpinned by delivery of synergies
               to Advice sustainability
                                         1,948

                    1,645                                1,600                                                                  $234.5m
                                          605
                        366
                                                          546

                                                                                                             $147.8m
                                                                                          $128.8m
                    1,098                1,047
                                                          798



                        181               296             256

                   June 2020          June 2021        June 2022                            2020               2021               2022
                    Employed         Self-employed   Self-licensed


               Net flows3                                                               Dividends (cents per share)
               Improvement in platform net flows                                        Dividend underpinned by earnings growth

                    $235m
                                                                                            34.5c




                                                                                                               23.0c             23.6c


                                                       ($2,473m)


                                       ($3,273m)



                     2020                2021             2022                              2020               2021               2022


               1    FUMA at 30 June 2021 has decreased by $134.7b to remove the impact of client monies being recognised as Master Trust FUA or Investment FUM
                    and again as Portfolio Management FUM as disclosed in the 31 December 2021 interim financial report.
               2    June 2020 doesn’t include MLC.
               3    Excludes early release of super; 2020 excludes MLC; 2021 excludes MLC for 11 months.
               4    2021 amount is restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.

               46 | Financial report
                        Financial performance                                                       Following the completion of the MLC acquisition, the Insignia
                                                                                                    Financial Group revised the methodology used across the
                        Net profit after tax                                                        Group to calculate FUMA in order to ensure consistency
                        NPAT for the year ended 30 June 2022 was $36.8m                             of reporting across the business. In addition to consistency,




For personal use only
                        (30 June 2021: $142.6m loss). The increase in NPAT has been                 the new methodology is to better align recognition of
                        driven by the inclusion of MLC operating results. This has                  FUMA with the recognition of revenues. Under the previous
                        been partially offset by an increase in transformation and                  FUMA methodology, the FUMA balance at 30 June 2021 was
                        integration expenses of $45.9m, additional historical advice                $453.4 billion1.
                        remediation charges of $47.9m and product remediation
                                                                                                    Reconciliation of UNPAT to NPAT
                        of $3.5m. The 30 June 2021 result included one-off BT
                        settlement income of $58.8m following termination of the                    The following table, which has not been audited, provides
                        platform relationship and a goodwill impairment of $199.9m                  a reconciliation between the UNPAT and NPAT of the
                        relating to historical acquisitions.                                        continuing operations of the Insignia Financial Group,
                                                                                                    excluding the results of the statutory funds.
                        Underlying net profit after tax
                                                                                                    Shareholders can review the more detailed results
                        UNPAT is a non–International Financial Reporting Standards                  presentation by visiting the Company website at
                        (IFRS) metric that is used by management to monitor the                     www.insigniafinancial.com.au.
                        performance of the Group. In calculating UNPAT, the Insignia
                        Financial Group reverses the impact on profit of certain,                                                                           2022      2021*
                        predominantly non-recurring items to enable a better                                                                                 $m         $m
                        understanding of its underlying operational result. It is the                   Profit/(loss) for the year                          36.8     (142.6)
                        UNPAT result that will be analysed in detail in this section of
                                                                                                        Profit from discontinued operations                  (9.2)    (10.2)
                        the Directors’ Report.
                                                                                                        Profit/(loss) from continuing operations            27.6     (152.8)
                        UNPAT for the year ended 30 June 2022 was $234.5m
                                                                                                        UNPAT adjustments:
                        (30 June 2021: $147.8m), an increase of $86.7m driven by
                                                                                                        Transformation and integration costs                96.1      50.2
                        inclusion of MLC operating results, revenue growth driven
                        by market performance as well as realisation of benefits                        Amortisation of intangible assets                   84.6      59.1
                        and synergies from strategic initiatives.                                       Remediation costs                                   70.1      28.2
                                                                                                        Evolve21 costs                                       9.0      12.6
                        Funds under management and
                                                                                                        Evolve23 costs                                      11.3             –
                        administration
                                                                                                        Legal settlement                                     2.0      24.3
                        At 30 June 2022, FUMA was $297.5b (30 June 2021:
                        $318.7b). The reduction in FUMA is driven by deteriorating                      Fair value changes on financial instruments          (4.4)      5.0
                        market performance of $15.7b, net outflows of $2.5b and                         Income tax attributable                            (72.3)     (39.9)
                        pension payments of $3.0b. During the year, the Group                           Impairment of goodwill                                  –    199.9
                        has experienced an improvement in Platform net flows                            BT settlement income                                    –     (58.8)
                        primarily through:
                                                                                                        Other                                                   –       8.3
                        • $2.8b in advisory net inflows into Evolve products,
                                                                                                        Total UNPAT adjustments                           196.4      288.9
                            with $39.0b now on this contemporary, client-centred
                                                                                                        UNPAT from continuing operations                  224.0      136.1
                            technology;
                                                                                                        UNPAT from discontinued operations                  10.5      11.7
                        • MLC Core Wrap product remains popular with advisers,
                            with $1.2b in net inflows;                                                  UNPAT                                             234.5      147.8

                        • demonstrated improving flows trend in ex-ANZ P&I for                      *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30
                            three consecutive quarters following implementation                           Discontinued operations.

                            of strategic initiatives; and
                                                                                                    Discontinued operations: This consists of the results of
                        • strong and growing trajectory across retail multi-asset,                  the AET businesses, including Australian Executor Trustees
                            with $2.0b in net inflows including $0.4b in MLC’s                      Limited and AET PAF Pty Ltd (collectively AET). The Insignia
                            separately managed accounts capability.                                 Financial Group has entered into a share sale agreement
                                                                                                    to sell the AET businesses and the divestment is expected
                                                                                                    to be completed by the end of calendar year 2022. Refer
                                                                                                    to Note 30 Discontinued operations for details.


                        1   FUMA has decreased by $134.7b to remove the impact of client monies being recognised as Master Trust FUA or Investment FUM and again
                            as Portfolio Management FUM as disclosed in 31 December 2021 interim financial report.


                                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 47
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

               Transformation and integration costs: This includes              Fair value changes on financial instruments: Includes
               transaction costs associated with external advisers, upfront     (gains)/losses from fair value movements on financial
               costs of securing finance and internal staff and specialist      instruments held at fair value through profit and loss.
               contractor costs relating to the acquisition and integration




For personal use only
                                                                                Legal settlement: FY22 includes settlement of legal
               of recently acquired MLC and ANZ P&I businesses. This
                                                                                matters and professional indemnity insurance recoveries
               category also includes project labour costs, redundancy and
                                                                                of adviser compensation. FY21 included expenses
               termination costs, information technology (IT) and other
                                                                                predominantly associated with settlement of judgment
               consultancy fees, outsourced hosting services and adviser
                                                                                in Kerr v Australian Executor Trustees (SA) proceedings.
               recognition program costs directly related to transformation
               and integration of those businesses.                             Income tax attributable: Income tax applied against
                                                                                certain items that are UNPAT adjusted.
               Amortisation of intangible assets: Amortisation of
               acquired intangible assets over their useful lives. This does    Impairment of goodwill: Impairment in the prior period
               not include amortisation of internally developed software.       related to goodwill associated with Shadforth, DKN and
                                                                                Bridges businesses due to the termination of the platform
               Remediation costs: Expenses recognised in Insignia
                                                                                relationship with BT Portfolio Services Ltd (BT) and cessation
               Financial Group’s remediation provisions relating to its
                                                                                of grandfathered commissions.
               structured remediation programs.
                                                                                BT settlement income: One-off settlement revenue in
               Evolve21 and Evolve23 costs: Project labour costs and
                                                                                connection with the termination of the platform relationship
               IT consultancy fees associated with development and
                                                                                with BT in FY21.
               transformation of the Insignia Financial Group’s proprietary
               Evolve platform. The program is bringing multiple heritage       Other: Includes governance uplift costs, Advice 2.0 costs
               platforms together for simplification through Evolve21           and other non-recurring professional fees in FY21.
               and Evolve23.

               Key financial results
                                                                                          2022            2021            Movement
                                                                                            $m             $m              $m                 %
                Gross margin                                                           1,484.1           731.9          752.2         102.8%
                Operating expenses                                                     (1,095.6)        (505.9)         (589.7)       116.6%
                Net financing costs                                                       (24.3)           (7.1)         (17.2)       242.3%
                Net non-cash items                                                        (56.1)          (31.3)         (24.8)         79.2%
                Income tax expense                                                        (84.1)          (51.5)         (32.6)         63.3%
                UNPAT from continuing operations                                         224.0           136.1            87.9         64.6%
                UNPAT adjustments                                                        (196.4)        (288.9)           92.5         (32.0%)
                NPAT from continuing operations                                           27.6          (152.8)         180.4         (118.1%)


               Gross margin from continuing operations                          Operating expenses
               Increase in gross margin is primarily driven by the              Increase in operating expenditure is due to the inclusion
               inclusion of the MLC business, further supported                 of MLC business, partially offset by the realisation of
               by the growth in average FUMA underpinned by                     synergy benefits.
               market performance.
                                                                                Net financing costs
                                                                                Increase in net financing costs is largely driven by higher
                       Asset
                 Management                                    Corporate        interest charges following drawdown on borrowings
                    $243.7m                                    $1.0m            during the year.

                                            Gross margin                        Net non-cash items
                    Advice
                  $222.4m
                                             (continuing)          Platforms    Increase in net non-cash items is largely driven by an
                                              $1,484.1m            $1,017.0m    increase in amortisation of right of use assets associated
                                                                                with the MLC acquisition, a $3.3m loss on sale of subsidiary
                                                                                and a $7.8m impairment of assets in FY22.

                        Platforms      Advice   Asset Management    Corporate




               48 | Financial report
                        Shareholder returns
                        The Insignia Financial Group dividend is determined based on financial performance and the Group seeks to offer an attractive
                        yield. The Board also understands that dividend payments should not hinder future organisational plans. The Board has




For personal use only
                        therefore determined that a pay-out ratio range of 60% to 90% of UNPAT is generally appropriate, but not binding, in relation
                        to ordinary dividends.

                        Total Shareholder Return (TSR) measures the change in share value over a specified period together with the return by way
                        of dividends received. The Insignia Financial Group’s TSR in the 5-year period from 1 July 2017 was -54.9% in total and -14.7%
                        on a compounding annualised basis. The TSR for the 12 months to 30 June 2022 was -31.5% with a share price decrease of 37.0%
                        partially offset by a dividend yield on the opening share price of 5.5%.

                                                                                                 2022             2021             2020              2019             2018

                         Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company ($m)                36.8           (142.6)           141.2              28.6             88.3
                         (1)


                         Profit/(loss) for the year for continuing operations ($m)               27.6           (152.8)            52.8              (30.0)          105.4
                         Basic EPS (cents per share)                                              5.7             (24.2)           40.3               8.1             26.4
                         Diluted EPS (cents per share)                                            5.6             (24.2)           40.2               8.1             26.4
                         Basic EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                      4.3             (25.9)           15.1               (8.5)           31.6
                         UNPAT ($m)                                                             234.5            147.8            128.8             198.0            191.4
                         UNPAT EPS (cents per share)                                             36.1             25.1             36.8              56.5             57.3
                         UNPAT EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                     34.5             23.1             35.4              56.3             52.6
                         Dividends declared ($m)    (2)
                                                                                                153.8            149.3            121.2             131.7            189.6
                         Dividends per share (cents per share)    (2)
                                                                                                 23.6             23.0             34.5              37.5             54.0
                         Opening share price                                                    $4.27            $4.92            $5.17             $8.99            $9.80
                         Closing share price at 30 June                                         $2.69            $4.27            $4.92             $5.17            $8.99
                         Return on equity (statutory measure) (3)                              1.50%            (5.74%)          8.28%              1.57%           5.21%
                         Return on equity (non-statutory measure) (3)                          9.52%            5.96%            7.59%             10.90%          11.30%

                        (1) Profit attributable to owners of the Company has been calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.
                        (2) Dividends declared and dividends per share are those paid or declared from the relevant financial year’s profits.
                        (3) Return on equity is calculated by dividing NPAT and UNPAT by average equity during the year.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 49
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

               Financial position
                                                                                                             2022          2021*         Change
                                                                                                              $m              $m               %




For personal use only
                   Assets
                   Financial assets including cash                                                        2,443.1        2,734.4         (10.7%)
                   Assets classified as held for sale                                                        76.6              –        100.0%
                   Other assets                                                                             179.8          133.8          34.4%
                   Property and equipment                                                                   208.1          145.8          42.7%
                   Intangible assets including goodwill                                                   2,606.7        2,742.5          (5.0%)
                   Total assets                                                                           5,514.3        5,756.5          (4.2%)
                   Liabilities
                   Financial liabilities                                                                  1,575.4        1,565.0           0.7%
                   Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                            10.2              –        100.0%
                   Provisions                                                                               545.7          893.0         (38.9%)
                   Lease liabilities                                                                        189.4          124.9          51.6%
                   Borrowings                                                                               771.3          648.6          18.9%
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  21.4           32.0         (33.1%)
                   Total liabilities                                                                      3,113.4        3,263.5          (4.6%)
                   Net assets                                                                             2,400.9        2,493.0          (3.7%)
                   Number of ordinary shares (million)                                                      653.9          649.3           0.7%
                   Net assets per ordinary share ($ per share)                                               3.67           3.84          (4.4%)

               *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.


               Financial assets (including cash) decreased $291.3m due              Financial liabilities increased by $10.4m due to the
               to a $94.3m reduction in unlisted unit trusts held in the            increase in Ex-ANZ AL (Aligned Licensees) settlement
               statutory funds, a $53.5m reduction in receivables and a             payable of $150m, partially offset by decreases in trade
               $152.7m decrease in cash which was primarily driven by               payables and investment contract liabilities in the
               dividend payments of $134.7m and transformation spend                statutory funds.
               of $116.4m, partially offset by $114.0m of net drawdown
                                                                                    Provisions decreased by $347.3m, driven by remediation
               of borrowings.
                                                                                    payments across all remediation programs to customers
               Other assets increased by $46.0m, driven by an increase              of $315.0m and program costs of $91.2m. These payments
               in current tax receivable of $42.5m.                                 have been partially offset by net $73.2m of additional
                                                                                    advice remediation provisions and net $3.5m of product
               Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale have
                                                                                    remediation.
               increased by $76.6m and $10.2m respectively. This
               represents assets and liabilities relating to the planned            Lease liabilities increased $64.5m due to the new leases
               divestment of Australian Executor Trustees which has been            entered into, offset by lease payments made.
               classified as a discontinued operation.
                                                                                    Borrowings have increased by $122.7m due to further
               Property and equipment increased by $62.3m, driven                   drawdown of the Group’s syndicated facilities of $194.0m,
               by new leases entered into during the year of $96.5m and             offset by $80.0m repayments.
               IT assets of $19.6m, partially offset by depreciation and
               amortisation charges of $30.9m.

               Intangibles (including goodwill) decreased by $135.8m,
               driven by the amortisation of acquired intangibles and
               reclassification of assets to held for sale.




               50 | Financial report
                        Capital and liquidity management                                 Borrowings
                                                                                         On 16 August 2022, the Insignia Financial Group entered
                        Capital and liquidity positions are assessed on a monthly
                                                                                         into a new $955m syndicated facility agreement (SFA).
                        basis to ensure licence requirements and lending covenants




For personal use only
                                                                                         The new SFA is supported by six new and existing
                        are met at all times. As part of this process any capital or
                                                                                         lenders, comprising:
                        liquidity surplus/needs are identified across the Insignia
                        Financial Group. Existing balance sheet capacity is expected     • a 3-year $340m revolving credit facility;
                        to remain sufficient for the near future.                        • a 4-year $290m revolving credit facility;
                        Capital management                                               • a 4-year $270m term loan; and
                        The Insignia Financial Group’s capital management
                                                                                         • a 3-year $55m multi-option facility.
                        principles are to maximise returns to shareholders               The new facility and structure provides improved flexibility,
                        through enabling the execution of the Group’s strategy           greater simplicity and improved terms. It also provides
                        while remaining compliant with the Group’s risk appetite         the flexibility to incorporate sustainability-linked pricing
                        statement and regulatory requirements.                           incentives linked to the achievement of environmental,
                                                                                         social or governance targets, which the Insignia Financial
                        As part of its capital management strategy, Insignia Financial
                                                                                         Group will further explore.
                        Group continually assesses whether it is optimising its use
                        of capital and may adjust the amount of dividends paid           The Insignia Financial Group’s senior corporate debt as
                        to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new       at 30 June 2022 is $590m (30 June 2021: $476m). $275m
                        shares or adjust debt levels. The Group monitors capital         of debt facilities remained undrawn at 30 June 2022
                        through the Group’s risk appetite framework, managing            (30 June 2021: $389m). In addition, $31.5m of bank
                        it as investment, working or regulatory capital.                 guarantees have been issued as part of the debt facilities
                                                                                         (30 June 2021: $30.6m). Bank guarantees are not shown
                        The Insignia Financial Group has maintained its focus
                                                                                         on the statement of financial position.
                        on balance sheet strength by:
                        • refinancing a new syndicated facility agreement,               The Insignia Financial Group is subject to certain financial
                           supported by a group of six new and existing                  covenants as part of its debt agreement, including a
                           lenders; and                                                  maximum ratio of net debt to earnings before interest,
                                                                                         taxation, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)
                        • continued expense management across the Group.
                                                                                         (leverage ratio) and a minimum interest cover (interest
                        Liquidity management                                             cover ratio). The Group complied with all these covenants
                        The Insignia Financial Group actively manages liquidity risk     throughout the year.
                        by preparing cash flow forecasts for future periods and
                        through periodic review by senior management and the
                        Board to actively assess options and ensure that internal
                        liquidity requirements are met at all times. During the
                        year, cash decreased by $152.7m, driven by cash outflows
                        associated with remediation and transformation programs
                        and $134.7m dividends paid to shareholders. These
                        outflows were partially offset by cash inflows from debt
                        facility drawdowns of $114.0m and operating profits.




                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 51
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

               Platforms (continuing operations)
                                                       The Platforms segment offers a wide        Platform simplification
                                                       range of financial services solutions
                          Closing FUA




For personal use only
                                                                                                  Platform simplification is one of
                                                       on superannuation and investments
                                                                                                  Insignia Financial Group’s strategic
                        (continuing operations)        to clients including investors,
                                                                                                  priorities and the key to unlocking
                                                       members, employers and advisers.
                          $198.2 billion                                                          benefits of scale and reducing risk
                                                                                                  for all stakeholders, by reducing
                                                       Funds under
                        (2021: $213.7 billion)         administration                             complexity and cost to serve. A
                                                                                                  fundamental part of the platform
                                                       FUA decreased by $15.5b as a result
                                                                                                  simplification program is Evolve,
                             UNPAT                     of market downturn in the second
                                                                                                  a cross-functional program of
                                                       half of the year. However the net
                        (continuing operations)                                                   work focused on the delivery and
                                                       inflow position for the second half
                                                                                                  expansion of a proprietary, client-
                         $273.5 million                highlights that the improvements
                                                                                                  centred and contemporary integrated
                                                       anticipated from the delivery of
                                                                                                  platform. In December 2021, the
                        (2021: $126.3 million)         product enhancements and strategic
                                                                                                  Insignia Financial Group achieved an
                                                       repricing initiatives are being realised
                                                                                                  important milestone in simplifying its
                        Gross margin                   and on track.
                                                                                                  platform suite with the completion of
                                                       Financial performance                      Evolve21, whereby $22.1b of FUA and
                        (continuing operations)
                                                                                                  93,000 client accounts were migrated
                        $1,017.0 million               Gross margin increased as a
                                                       result of the inclusion of the MLC
                                                                                                  to the Evolve platform.

                        (2021: $481.7 million)         platforms business for the full year       The Evolve platform is well positioned
                                                       for 2022. However the gross margin         to continue to adapt and support the
                                                       percentage reduced from 49bps to           changing needs of clients, advisers
                                                       48bps as clients moved between             and employers, helping transform
                                                       products driven by the platform            the wealth management industry.
                                                       simplification strategy and repricing      As at 30 June 2022, the Evolve
                                                       initiatives.                               platform administers over $38.8b
                                                                                                  of client assets across 295,500
                                $1,017.0m              Increased operating expenditure
                                                                                                  accounts and enables the ClientFirst
                                                       resulted primarily from the inclusion
                                                                                                  service proposition to underpin
                                                       of the MLC platform business for the
                                                                                                  adviser employer, member and
                                                       full year for 2022, but this has been
                                                                                                  investor offerings.
                                                       partially offset by the realisation of
                          Operating                    synergy benefits.                          The next major phase of platform
                         expenditure                   Increase in NPAT was primarily due
                                                                                                  simplification focuses on the
                                                                                                  execution of Evolve23, which is
                        (continuing operations)        to the inclusion of MLC results for the
                                                                                                  expected to be completed in mid
                                                       full year for 2022.
                         $610.6 million                Refer to Note 2 Operating segments
                                                                                                  2023, thereby reducing the number
                                                                                                  of platforms supporting the MLC
                        (2021: $283.4 million)         for details.                               business from three to two.


                               NPAT
                        (continuing operations)
                         $158.0 million
                        (2021: $59.2 million)




               52 | Financial report
                        Advice
                                                       The Advice segment provides                  On 2 May 2022, the Bridges and MLC
                                                       quality financial advice that is             Advice businesses integrated under
                              Number




For personal use only
                                                       accessible, affordable and engaging          a refreshed Bridges advice model,
                             of advisers               for Australians. The business helps          aligning governance, professional
                                                       clients navigate their way through           standards and ways of working with
                                1,600                  a range of financial services and            a focus on improving outcomes
                                                       solutions and educates clients to            for clients.
                               (2021: 1,948)           improve their financial literacy.
                                                                                                    Wealth Central, the Insignia Financial
                                                       Number of advisers                           Group’s digital engagement
                             UNPAT                                                                  platform designed to help advisers
                                                       The decrease arose primarily through
                         $55.3 million loss            the loss of smaller practices in the
                                                                                                    deliver advice in a more efficient
                                                                                                    and engaging way, continues to
                                                       self-employed channel that are
                         (2021: $0.7 million profit)   not able to transition to the new
                                                                                                    be embedded into the newly
                                                                                                    combined Bridges business, as well
                                                       sustainable advice model.
                           Gross margin                Financial performance
                                                                                                    as Shadforth. This makes it a unique
                                                                                                    differentiator and an advantage for
                           $222.4 million              Gross margin increased due to                our adviser network. The adoption
                                                       the inclusion of the MLC Advice              and implementation program for self-
                           (2021: $170.7 million)      businesses and re-pricing in the             employed practices also continues.
                                                       self-employed channel. Excluding
                                                                                                    Strategy and outlook
                                                       MLC Advice businesses, net operating
                                                                                                    The Advice business remains focused
                                                       revenue reduced slightly due to the
                                                                                                    on building a financially sustainable,
                                                       termination of the BT contract in
                           $222.4m                                                                  non-subsidised advice model as
                                                       December 2020 and the cessation
                                                                                                    a pathway to ensure the profit
                                                       of grandfathered commissions.
                                                                                                    break-even strategy for the Advice
                                                       Operating expenditure increased as           businesses is achieved.
                                                       a result of the inclusion of the MLC
                                                       business, partially offset by synergy
                                                       benefits realised from the Advice 2.0
                             Operating                 strategic initiative, largely attributable
                                                       to rationalisation of back-office
                            expenditure                functions and licensees.

                            $283.3 million             Increase in NPAT was primarily
                                                       driven by inclusion of MLC results
                           (2021: $157.4 million)      for the full year for 2022 partially
                                                       offset by additional remediation

                               NPAT                    provisions recognised.

                                                       Refer to Note 2 Operating segments
                         $120.9 million loss           for details.
                        (2021: $206.8 million loss)    Advice sustainability
                                                       The financial advice offering
                                                       continues to transform under the
                                                       new sustainable advice model to
                                                       improve client engagement and
                                                       the efficiency of advice practices,
                                                       reduce our cost to serve and
                                                       support the path to break-even
                                                       of the Advice business.




                                                                                                                        Financial report | 53
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

               Asset Management
                                                       The Asset Management segment              Financial performance
                                                       provides investment management
                        Closing FUM




For personal use only
                                                                                                 Gross margin increased as a result of
                                                       services on behalf of institutional,
                                                                                                 inclusion of the MLC business which
                         $92.3 billion                 retail and direct clients across a
                                                       diverse range of asset classes and
                                                                                                 includes Private Equity performance
                                                                                                 fees and share of associates profits.
                        (2021: $97.7 billion)          product constructs.
                                                                                                 Excluding MLC, increase in gross
                                                       Funds under management                    margin was driven by higher FUM
                           UNPAT                       FUM has decreased by $5.4b as
                                                                                                 due to strong investment markets
                                                                                                 in the first half of FY22 and property
                         $73.6 million                 a result of unfavourable market
                                                       performance experienced in the
                                                                                                 transaction fees in the Insignia
                                                                                                 Financial Group’s direct property
                        (2021: $35.1 million)          second half of the year and net
                                                                                                 capability.
                                                       outflows of $1.8b in FY22.
                                                                                                 Operating expenditure increased
                        Gross margin                   FY22 saw several institutional clients
                                                                                                 as a result of the inclusion of the
                                                       rotate out of Presima’s global listed
                        $243.7 million                 property offering into direct property
                                                                                                 MLC business, partly offset by
                                                                                                 synergy benefits realised through
                                                       as well as general attrition in Antares
                        (2021: $76.8 million)          Fixed Income as underlying clients
                                                                                                 the integration of the MLC, IOOF and
                                                                                                 ANZ heritage Asset Management
                                                       rebalanced and managed their
                                                                                                 businesses. Excluding MLC, operating
                                                       liquidity needs. There were also net
                          $243.7m                                                                expenditure remains broadly in line
                                                       outflows in the JANA implemented
                                                                                                 with prior period.
                                                       consulting business as institutional
                                                       clients continued to transition           Refer to Note 2 Operating segments
                                                       portfolio construction capabilities       for details.
                                                       to an inhouse model.

                                                       The institutional outflows seen were
                                                       partially offset by strong momentum
                                                       in MLC’s Multi-Asset retail offerings
                          Operating                    with over $1.4b in net inflows
                                                       originating from the MLC Core Wrap
                         expenditure                   platform and MLC’s new separately
                                                       managed accounts offering.
                        $137.2 million
                        (2021: $24.6 million)

                            NPAT
                         $58.6 million
                        (2021: $32.4 million)




               54 | Financial report
                        Corporate
                                                      The Corporate segment comprises            Refinance of corporate
                                                      group functions required to support
                             Operating




For personal use only
                                                                                                 debts
                                                      the Group and operating segments.
                                                                                                 On 16 August 2022, the Insignia
                            expenditure               Activities performed by the segment
                                                                                                 Financial Group entered into a
                                                      are of a strategic, shareholder or
                                                                                                 new $955m SFA. The new SFA is
                            $64.5 million             governance nature and reflect
                                                                                                 supported by six new and existing
                                                      centralised corporate expenses.
                           (2021: $40.5 million)                                                 lenders, comprising:
                                                      Financial performance                      • a 3-year $340m revolving
                                                                                                    credit facility;
                             UNPAT                    Increase in operating expenditure
                                                      is due to inclusion of the MLC             • a 4-year $290m revolving
                         $67.8 million loss           business and an increase in
                                                      employee expenses.
                                                                                                    credit facility;
                                                                                                 • a 4-year $270m term loan; and
                         (2021: $26.0 million loss)
                                                      Decrease in UNPAT is driven by the         • a 3-year $55m multi-option facility.
                                                      increase in financing costs, as a result
                              NPAT                    of the MLC acquisition, an increase in
                                                                                                 The new facility and structure
                                                                                                 provides improved flexibility, greater
                                                      depreciation charges and impairment
                         $68.1 million loss           of assets of $3.4m.
                                                                                                 simplicity and improved terms. It also
                                                                                                 provides the flexibility to incorporate
                         (2021: $37.6 million loss)   Refer to Note 2 Operating segments         sustainability-linked pricing incentives
                                                      for details.                               linked to the achievement of
                                                                                                 environmental, social or governance
                                                                                                 targets, which the Insignia Financial
                                                                                                 Group will further explore.




                                                                                                                       Financial report | 55
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

               Risk management                                                            • the Insignia Financial Group Risk Management Policy
                                                                                             (RMP) which sets out the methodology to identify, assess,
               The Board is responsible for establishing and overseeing                      manage, analyse, monitor and report on those risks that
               the Insignia Financial Group’s Risk Management Framework                      could impact the achievement of strategic objectives,




For personal use only
               (RMF) and has delegated authority for the oversight                           impact core processes and/or result in non-compliance
               and monitoring of the framework to the Group Risk and                         with obligations; and
               Compliance Committee and the Executive team. The key
                                                                                          • a ‘three lines of defence’ governance model to govern
               pillars of the RMF include:
                                                                                             risk management and compliance activities across the
               • the Insignia Financial Group Risk Management Strategy                       Insignia Financial Group. The three lines of defence
                   (RMS) which sets out the Board’s expectations regarding                   model is the foundation for effective risk management.
                   the consistent approach to develop and implement                          The overarching principle is that risk management
                   different strategies, policies, procedures and controls                   capability must be embedded into the business
                   to appropriately manage different types of material risk.                 to be effective.
                   The RMS includes a description of each material risk,
                                                                                          During the 2022 financial year, the Insignia Financial
                   including key roles and responsibilities for managing the
                                                                                          Group has maintained its focus on the governance uplift
                   risk, outlines the risk governance structure and promotes
                                                                                          across the Group including the integration of the newly
                   a proactive risk culture. Risk management strategies
                                                                                          acquired businesses. Effort continues post acquisition to
                   are further defined in each regulated entity’s RMS that
                                                                                          identify opportunities to improve efficiency and ensure risk
                   reflect individual entity material risks in line with their
                                                                                          management resource adequacy across the organisation.
                   business plans. The Insignia Financial Group maintains a
                                                                                          An ‘Adequacy of Resources’ procedural document has been
                   risk taxonomy in line with the material risks defined in the
                                                                                          developed to regularly review resource requirements.
                   RMS, with the purpose of providing a consistent language
                   and consistent way to categorise risks;                                The Insignia Financial Group manages a number of risks
               • the Insignia Financial Group Risk Appetite Statement                     in conducting its operations and implementing its strategy.
                   (RAS), which sets out the Board’s expectations regarding               Material risks faced by the Insignia Financial Group include,
                   the degree of risk that the Insignia Financial Group is                but may not be limited to those shown in the following table.
                   prepared to accept in pursuit of strategic and business
                   objectives, giving consideration to the interests of clients
                   and shareholders. Risk appetite and tolerances are
                   further defined in each regulated entity’s RAS that reflect
                   individual entity risk management strategies and material
                   risks or exposures, in line with their business plans
                   (within the appetites set for Insignia Financial Group);


                Material risk            Risk description                                         Response to risk
                Strategic and tactical
                Changes in               The risk of changes in business environment,             The Insignia Financial Group will be continuously
                external business        including changes in market conditions                   investing in client service, product design,
                environment risk         (management and services fee revenue is driven by        stakeholder relationships, market research,
                                         % of FUMA) and sentiments, actions of competitors,       participation in consultation processes and other
                                         evolving regulatory landscape, social influences and     continuous improvement initiatives.
                                         public perception that could adversely impact the
                                         delivery of the Insignia Financial Group’s business
                                         objectives and threaten the operational resilience
                                         and sustainability of the business.
                Contagion risk           The risk arising from the activities and events of an    This risk is monitored and managed by:
                                         associated entity that could adversely impact the        • APRA regulated entity’s Board composition being
                                         reputation and delivery of business objectives of          a majority of Independent Directors;
                                         other entities within the Insignia Financial Group,
                                                                                                  • maintenance of the Contagion and Reputational
                                         either directly or indirectly.
                                                                                                    Risk Register by the Member Office; and
                                                                                                  • consideration of contagion risk in the setting
                                                                                                    of risk tolerances and risk appetites across the
                                                                                                    Insignia Financial Group.




               56 | Financial report
                        Material risk             Risk description                                           Response to risk
                        Strategic and tactical (continued)
                        Environmental,            The risk of inadequate consideration of ESG factors        To ensure the Insignia Financial Group fulfils its




For personal use only
                        social and                including failure to seek to minimise the impact the       purpose, it considers a broad range of ESG risks
                        governance (ESG)          business has on climate and society and/or failure         and opportunities. This includes not conducting
                        and culture risk          to live up to the Insignia Financial Group’s culture       business or maintaining relationships with members
                                                  and purpose.                                               or suppliers known to be involved in modern slavery,
                                                                                                             money laundering or terrorism financing, or human
                                                                                                             rights violators, as well those operating in industries
                                                                                                             with unacceptable ESG risks.
                        Strategic, business       The risk that the Insignia Financial Group fails to        The Insignia Financial Group has a robust planning
                        planning and              set and implement appropriate and clear business           process in place for setting, monitoring and
                        execution risk            objectives and strategies.                                 executing business plans, objectives and strategies.
                        Governance
                        Conflict of               The risk that the Insignia Financial Group fails to        The Insignia Financial Group has in place the
                        interest risk             identify and/or appropriately manage an actual             Conflicts Management Framework to identify,
                                                  conflict, potential conflict or perceived conflict, that   assess, mitigate, manage and monitor conflicts.
                                                  could prevent the organisation, its Board members,
                                                  management, employees (including representatives)
                                                  or authorised representatives from performing their
                                                  duties effectively.
                        Governance                The risk of inappropriate performance by members           The Insignia Financial Group continues to
                        principles and            of the Board or its committees, or entities’ boards or     strengthen the quality of its governance
                        obligations risk          committees, and/or ineffective processes to support        frameworks. This is supported by corporate
                                                  sound and transparent decision-making and in               structures with independent boards and
                                                  accordance with:                                           committees aligned with their regulatory obligations.
                                                  • ASX Corporate Governance Principles and                  The Member Office (MO) and Office of the
                                                    Recommendations;                                         Responsible Entity (ORE) act independently to the
                                                  • Trustee obligations;                                     Enterprise Risk and Compliance (ERC) function
                                                  • Responsible Entity’s obligations; and                    to set expected standards of governance and to
                                                                                                             oversee adherence to those standards by the
                                                  • discharging of fiduciary duties in good faith
                                                                                                             Insignia Financial Group in respect to advocating for
                                                    and in the best interests of clients.
                                                                                                             member outcomes and investors’ best interests.
                        Financial and liquidity
                        Interest rate risk        The risk that arises for Insignia Financial Group from     This risk is managed by holding diversified short-
                                                  the fluctuation of the fair value or future cash flows     and long- term investment mixes and loans in
                                                  of financial instruments due to changes in market          accordance with Group capital management policy.
                                                  interest rates. Financial instruments that may be          Where appropriate, interest rate derivatives are also
                                                  impacted by interest rate risk include cash and cash       used to manage the exposures.
                                                  equivalents, financial assets, certificates of deposit,    The interest rate risk is monitored and managed
                                                  loans and borrowings.                                      on a regular basis by the related entities and
                                                  Short- and long-term investment mixes and loans            group Treasury.
                                                  to related entities are influenced by liquidity
                                                  policy requirements.
                        Liquidity risk            Liquidity risk relates to the Insignia Financial Group     This risk is managed by maintaining sufficient liquid
                                                  having insufficient liquid assets to cover cash flow       assets and an ability to access a committed line of
                                                  requirements.                                              credit. The liquidity requirements of the Insignia
                                                                                                             Financial Group’s licensed entities are regularly
                                                                                                             reviewed and carefully monitored in accordance
                                                                                                             with their licence requirements, including regulatory
                                                                                                             capital requirements.
                        Capital                   Capital management and financing risk refers to            This risk is minimised through oversight by a
                        management and            the Insignia Financial Group’s inability to meet           dedicated Finance and Treasury function with
                        financing risk            regulatory capital requirements and refinance debt         established policies and procedures that are subject
                                                  facilities or to secure new financing on satisfactory      to continuous monitoring and review. The Insignia
                                                  terms which could adversely affect Insignia Financial      Financial Group has a syndicated facility agreement
                                                  Group’s financial performance and prospects.               providing diversity of funding and flexibility to
                                                                                                             manage working capital needs across the Group.
                                                                                                             Capital requirements and banking covenants are
                                                                                                             monitored monthly to ensure any potential issues
                                                                                                             are identified and mitigated to the extent necessary
                                                                                                             well in advance.


                                                                                                                                                  Financial report | 57
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                Material risk          Risk description                                        Response to risk
                Investment governance
                Inappropriate          The risk of investment valuations and unit pricing      To manage this risk, the Unit Pricing and Valuation




For personal use only
                investment             being performed with incorrect application of           Forum is in place to promote and enhance good unit
                valuation and unit     methodology and/or insufficient frequency by the        pricing and investment valuation practices within
                pricing risk           Insignia Financial Group.                               the Insignia Financial Group. The forum supports
                                                                                               management in fulfilling their accountabilities in
                                                                                               overseeing unit pricing and investment valuation
                                                                                               risks and controls.
                Ineffective            The risk of the Insignia Financial Group not            This risk is managed through established investment
                investment             having an effective investment governance               governance frameworks and committees that
                governance risk        framework to ensure investment decisions are            provide continuous oversight and monitoring of
                                       made in accordance with investment strategies           investments and underlying investment managers.
                                       and objectives and in the best interest of clients,
                                       including appropriate use of derivative instruments.
                Investment             The risk of insufficient cash flow to meet benefit      This risk is managed through the Liquidity
                liquidity risk         payments and/or settlements on clients’                 Management Policy. The policy outlines:
                                       investments.                                            • liquidity management governance;
                                                                                               • ongoing liquidity measurement and management;
                                                                                               • liquidity stress scenarios;
                                                                                               • liquidity events; and
                                                                                               • crisis management planning.
                Operational
                Business               The risk of a disruption event such as loss of access   This risk is managed by the application of controls,
                disruption risk        to business premises, loss of key IT systems,           established business continuity policy plans and
                                       telecommunication or utilities failure, or a natural    procedures (including disaster recovery testing) that
                                       disaster that could disrupt day-to-day operations       are subject to continuous monitoring and oversight,
                                       and threaten the operational resilience of the          while ensuring there are experienced employees
                                       Insignia Financial Group.                               and specialist IT advisers across the Insignia
                                                                                               Financial Group.
                Client                 The risk of inadequate, inaccurate and/or ineffective   This risk is managed by:
                disclosure and         disclosure and communication of required                • having an established due diligence process in
                communication          information to clients pre- and post-sales of             place for preparing, reviewing and approving
                failure risk           products and services.                                    documents, including the need to obtain sign-off
                                                                                                 from appropriate stakeholders;
                                                                                               • consideration of complaints feedback; and
                                                                                               • the requirement for a review of all key external
                                                                                                 communications by stakeholders including
                                                                                                 member office, legal, risk and compliance.
                Employee               The risk of employee fatigue, excessive reliance        The Insignia Financial Group undertakes succession
                fatigue and            on key persons and/or failure to attract and retain     planning, offers competitive employment conditions
                competency risk        the level of talents and skills required to support     and benefits and promotes fair remuneration. This
                                       business operations.                                    risk is also managed by:
                                                                                               • having established recruitment processes in
                                                                                                 place to ensure employees meet competency
                                                                                                 requirements;
                                                                                               • monitoring of employee performance;
                                                                                               • monitoring of employee turnover; and
                                                                                               • providing employees with wellbeing education
                                                                                                 and support.
                Improper               The risk that employees act in an inappropriate,        The management of this risk is supported by the
                business and           unlawful or unethical manner.                           Insignia Financial Group Code of Conduct and
                market practices                                                               Managing Performance and Conduct policy, which
                                                                                               set out the values of professional and personal
                                                                                               conduct applicable to all Insignia Financial Group’s
                                                                                               people. These include acting within the law and in
                                                                                               the best interests of members, clients, shareholders
                                                                                               and the Group at all times.




               58 | Financial report
                        Material risk          Risk description                                       Response to risk
                        Operational (continued)
                        Fraud, money           The risk of acts by employees or external parties      This risk is managed by having an appropriate Group




For personal use only
                        laundering,            intended to defraud and misappropriate assets          Fraud Policy and anti-money laundering (AML) and
                        sanctions and          and funds, and circumvent the law, including money     counter-terrorism financing (CTF) program in place
                        bribery and            laundering, bribery or corruption.                     to protect the business from fraudulent activity and
                        corruption risk                                                               financial crime.
                                                                                                      Employees are required to complete assigned
                                                                                                      training modules annually covering fraud awareness;
                                                                                                      AML and CTF; and bribery and corruption topics.
                        Outsourcing            The risk of failure to effectively manage the third-   This risk is managed by having an appropriate
                        and third-party        party selection and due diligence process, and         Outsourcing Policy and documented procedures in
                        failure risk           to monitor third-party performance against the         place for appointing outsourced business functions
                                               required standards and agreed service levels.          and monitoring performance against agreed service
                                                                                                      standards and contractual requirements.
                        Poor quality           The risk of failure to provide quality, appropriate    This risk is managed by having high professional,
                        of advice risk         and adequate financial advice in the best interests    educational, compliance, assurance and training
                                               of clients.                                            standards in place for the Insignia Financial Group’s
                                                                                                      advisers and authorised representatives. The Group
                                                                                                      also undertakes a rolling program of compliance
                                                                                                      reviews of advisers. The potential financial impact is
                                                                                                      mitigated by appropriate levels of insurance cover.
                        Technology, cyber and information security
                        Infringement           The risk of internal or external compromise on         This risk is managed by :
                        of system              systems and data, and/or failure to respond to         • providing system access based on appropriate
                        security and           a cyber threat or attack and recover within an           authorisation and segregation of duties, with
                        inadequate cyber       acceptable recovery time frame could materially
                        resilience risk                                                                 periodic system access reviews;
                                               affect the Insignia Financial Group’s operations,
                                                                                                      • having an established IT security control program
                                               which could impact future profitability and
                                                                                                        including software patching, anti-virus software
                                               financial position.
                                                                                                        and firewalls to manage the threat of cyber crime,
                                                                                                        with monitoring and management of attacks and
                                                                                                        vulnerabilities; and
                                                                                                      • regular monitoring and reporting regarding
                                                                                                        effectiveness of information security controls
                                                                                                        to protect information assets, including those
                                                                                                        managed by related parties and third parties.
                        Legal and compliance
                        Complaints             The risk of failure in handling client complaints in   This risk is managed by having;
                        handling failure       a timely, consistent, fair and reasonable manner       • an established Complaints Framework and
                        risk                   and/or failure to resolve complaints to clients’         Complaints Handling Policy in place;
                                               satisfaction.
                                                                                                      • a Complaints Officer role appointed; and
                                                                                                      • documented processes in place for receiving
                                                                                                        and responding to complaints.
                        Legal and              The risk of the Insignia Financial Group failing       This risk is managed by the Insignia Financial
                        compliance risk        to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.       Group developing and implementing policies and
                                                                                                      frameworks to ensure compliance and reporting
                                                                                                      of any incidents, exceptions or breaches; reporting
                                                                                                      to the delegated committee and board detailing
                                                                                                      compliance breaches, incidents and complaints
                                                                                                      to meet APRA’s and ASIC’s regulations and other
                                                                                                      regulatory requirements.
                        Regulatory             The Insignia Financial Group is required to            This risk is managed by a dedicated team within
                        change risk            implement large volumes of complex regulatory          Enterprise Risk & Compliance to oversee all
                                               changes, at times within relative short time           regulatory change activities. This team is supported
                                               frames. Failure to respond and implement               by the Corporate Affairs teams for change activities
                                               regulatory changes in a timely manner could            as well as Transformation Office and dedicated
                                               give rise to non-compliance with regulations,          business implementation teams.
                                               financial penalties and adverse impact on Insignia
                                               Financial Group’s reputation.




                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 59
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                Material risk          Risk description                                         Response to risk
                Legal and compliance (continued)
                Remediation            The risk of ineffective, inappropriate and/or untimely   To manage this risk, remediation activities are




For personal use only
                failure risk           execution of remediation activity, as well as an         adequately resourced and a remediation policy
                                       inconsistent remediation approach to deliver the         has been established. Governance structures are
                                       appropriate outcome for the impacted client(s).          in place to consider and manage the issues and
                                                                                                risks of remediation delivery. Regular updates
                                                                                                are provided to regulators.
                Insurance
                Insurance risk         The risk of loss to the Group arising from the           This risk is managed and monitored at the
                                       provision of insurance benefits. The risk of loss due    subsidiary company level by implementing and
                                       to failure to develop and implement an appropriate       complying with the Board-approved Insurance
                                       insurance strategy or effectively manage claims.         Management Framework, Insurance Strategies
                                                                                                and related procedures.



               Dividends                                                               The Insignia Financial Group has reviewed the
                                                                                       appropriateness of inputs to the valuation of financial
               In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the                instruments and the disclosures for the fair value of financial
               Directors declared the payment of a final dividend of                   instruments. The fair value of the Insignia Financial Group’s
               11.8 cents per share, franked to 100% at 30% corporate                  financial instruments may have been impacted by a variety
               income tax rate, to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares           of factors arising from changed business conditions as a
               to be paid on 29 September 2022. This dividend will be paid             result of COVID-19 and other macroeconomic conditions.
               to all shareholders recorded on the Register of Members                 As a general principle, quoted prices in active markets
               on 8 September 2022.                                                    provide the best available evidence of fair value. The Insignia
               The Directors declared an interim dividend of 11.8 cents per            Financial Group’s financial instruments are valued using
               ordinary share, franked to 100% at 30% corporate income                 directly observable inputs whenever possible as these
               tax rate, to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares which            are considered to be the most reliable and appropriate
               was paid on 25 March 2022.                                              evidence of fair value.

               On 24 February 2022, the Board approved the introduction                Non-financial risks emerging from global inflation hikes,
               of a Dividend Reinvestment Plan effective from the FY22                 tightening monetary policies, global geopolitical tension and
               interim dividend. $16.4m of shares were allocated in April              global movement restrictions, including remote working
               2022 as part of the dividend reinvestment plan.                         for staff, counterparties and service providers, have been
                                                                                       identified, assessed, managed and governed through timely
               In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2021, the
                                                                                       application of the Company’s risk management policies.
               Directors declared the payment of a final dividend of
               9.5 cents per share and a special dividend of 2.0 cents per             Management continues to monitor the impact of global
               share franked to 100% at 30% corporate income tax rate                  economic uncertainty and further waves of the COVID-19
               to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares, which was paid            pandemic to the business environment including ongoing
               on 22 September 2021.                                                   assessment of market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk
                                                                                       associated with the business.
               Impact of COVID-19 and other
               macroeconomic conditions
               In preparing the financial report, the Insignia Financial
               Group has considered the ongoing impact of COVID–19
               and other macroeconomic conditions in its adoption
               of significant assumptions and market inputs used in:
               • valuing the Insignia Financial Group’s financial
                   instruments; and
               • preparing disclosures for the fair value of financial assets
                   and liabilities and financial risk management.




               60 | Financial report
                        Directors’ report
                        For the year ended 30 June 2022

                        The Directors present their report together with the financial report of Insignia Financial Ltd and of the Insignia Financial
                        Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 and the auditor’s report thereon. The Operating and financial review and
                        the Remuneration report are parts of the Directors’ report.




For personal use only
                        Directors
                        The Directors of the Company during or since the end of the financial year were:

                         Name, qualifications and            Experience, special responsibilities, listed and other significant directorships
                         independence status
                         Mr Allan Griffiths                  With more than 40 years’ experience and a deep understanding of the financial services
                         B.Bus, DipLI                        industry, Mr Griffiths has held a number of executive positions within the industry, most
                                                             notably as Chief Executive Officer of Aviva Australia (formerly Norwich Union) and later,
                         Independent Non-Executive           Managing Director South Asia, Aviva Asia Pte Ltd, based in Singapore. Prior to joining Aviva,
                         Director and Chairman               Mr Griffiths held executive positions with Colonial Ltd. Mr Griffiths is Chairman of Metrics
                         Director since 14 July 2014         Credit Partners and Chairman of St Andrew’s Insurance Group Australia.
                         Chairman since 4 April 2019         Mr Griffiths is a member of the Group Audit, Group Risk and Compliance, Group Nominations,
                                                             and Group People and Remuneration committees.
                         Mr Renato Mota                      With more than 20 years’ experience in financial services, prior to being appointed CEO in June
                         BComm(Hons), B.Bus                  2019, Mr Mota held a number of senior executive roles within the Insignia Financial Group.
                                                             In December 2018, Mr Mota was appointed Acting CEO and prior to that was Group General
                         Chief Executive Officer and         Manager, Wealth Management since January 2016. During this time he was instrumental in
                         Managing Director                   leading the Insignia Financial Group through a series of forward-thinking, strategic initiatives
                         Director since 25 June 2019         including the advice-led strategy, the ClientFirst transformation and the establishment of the
                                                             IOOF Advice Academy.
                                                             Previously, he held numerous executive roles, as General Manager of Distribution, Investor
                                                             Solutions, and Corporate Strategy and Communications. Before joining Insignia Financial
                                                             Group in 2003, Mr Mota worked for Rothschild and NAB in corporate finance roles, with a focus
                                                             on mergers and acquisitions. He was involved in wealth management transactions including
                                                             the demerger of Henderson Group plc from AMP in 2003 and NAB’s acquisition of MLC and
                                                             Deutsche Financial Planning.
                         Mr Andrew Bloore                    Mr Bloore is an experienced non‑executive director, entrepreneur and farmer. He has
                         Independent Non-Executive           designed, built and sold a number of businesses, focused on the development of key
                         Director                            disruptive technologies and distribution services in traditional markets, to create business
                                                             efficiencies. Mr Bloore has been actively involved in businesses including Smartsuper, SuperIQ
                         Director since 2 September 2019     and Class Super, both as an Executive and/or as a Director, and in the capacity of investment
                                                             funding, development and leadership. Mr Bloore has worked on a range of Senate and
                                                             Treasury committees, and with the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) Regulations Committee
                                                             on regulation for the superannuation industry. In 2016, Mr Bloore sold his superannuation
                                                             administration business to AMP, stepped down from the Senate and Treasury committees
                                                             and is now focused on contributing to organisations as a non-executive director.
                                                             Mr Bloore is Chair of the Group Nominations Committee and a member of the Group Audit,
                                                             Group People and Remuneration, and Group Risk and Compliance committees.
                         Ms Elizabeth Flynn                  Ms Flynn has more than 35 years’ experience in the financial services industry, including roles
                         LLB, Grad Dip App Corp Gov,         within law and corporate governance as well as executive responsibilities. From 1998 to 2010,
                         FAICD, FFin, FGIA, FCG.             Ms Flynn was the Chief Legal Counsel, Group Compliance Manager and Group Company
                                                             Secretary of financial services group Aviva Australia, and a director of Aviva Australia’s
                         Independent Non-Executive           superannuation trustee company. Prior to her time at Aviva, Ms Flynn spent 18 years as
                         Director                            a commercial lawyer with MinterEllison, including eight years as a Partner, specialising in
                         Director since 15 September 2015    managed funds, banking, securitisation and superannuation. Ms Flynn was a non-executive
                                                             director of Bennelong Funds Management from 2010 to 2015 and The Colonial Mutual Life
                                                             Assurance Society Limited from November 2019 until April 2021. She is a non-executive
                                                             director of AIA Australia Limited and Chair of AIA Health Insurance Pty Ltd.
                                                             Ms Flynn is Chair of the Group Risk and Compliance Committee, and a member of the Group
                                                             Audit, Group People and Remuneration, and Group Nominations committees.
                         Mr John Selak                       Mr Selak has over 40 years’ experience in the financial and advisory services industry. From
                         Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD                 2000 to 2016 Mr Selak was a Partner in the Corporate Finance Practice of Ernst & Young, serving
                                                             on its Global Corporate Finance Executive. From 2014 to 2017, Mr Selak was an advisory board
                         Independent Non-Executive           member of Quest Apartment Hotels. From 2016 to 2020, he was a non-executive director of
                         Director                            National Tiles and was Chair of Corsair Capital until April 2021. Mr Selak is currently a non-
                         Director since 14 October 2016      executive director of Turosi Food Solutions and the IOOF Foundation. In December 2021,
                                                             Mr Selak accepted a part-time role within the Office of the Special Manager for the Melbourne
                                                             Casino Operator as Deputy Special Manager – Governance, Risk and Assurance.
                                                             Mr Selak is Chair of the Group People and Remuneration Committee and a member of the
                                                             Group Audit, Group Nominations, and Group Risk and Compliance committees.


                                                                                                                                                Financial report | 61
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Directors’ report (cont’d)

                Name, qualifications and            Experience, special responsibilities, listed and other significant directorships
                independence status
                Ms Michelle Somerville              Ms Somerville is an experienced non-executive director, bringing deep and relevant finance,
                B Bus (Accounting), FCA, FAICD,     risk and governance experience to the Board, having worked in the financial services industry




For personal use only
                Master Applied Finance              in both executive and non-executive roles. Previously she was an audit partner with KPMG
                                                    Australia for nearly 14 years, with a focus on the financial services industry in Australia and
                Independent Non-Executive           overseas. Ms Somerville is currently a non-executive director of the GPT Group (since 2015).
                Director
                                                    Ms Somerville is the Chair of the Group Audit Committee and a member of the Group
                Director since 1 October 2019       Nominations, Group People and Remuneration, and Group Risk and Compliance committees.

               All Directors held office during and since the end of the                Directors’ meetings
               financial year.
                                                                                        Director        Role                    Meetings    Meetings
                                                                                                                                attended        held
               The Group People & Remuneration and the Nominations
               committees review the balance of skills, experience,                     A Griffiths     Chair                          17             17
               independence, knowledge and diversity of Directors.                      R Mota          CEO & Managing                 17             17
               This involves the creation of a board skills matrix setting                              Director
               out the mix of skills and diversity that the Board currently             A Bloore        Director                       17             17
               has or is looking to achieve in its membership.                          E Flynn         Director                       17             17
               Refer to Section 4 of the Remuneration Report for Directors’             J Selak         Director                       17             17
               subsidiary company and committee appointments.                           M Somerville    Director                       17             17
               During the year each Board member completed a skills
               matrix. The Board was satisfied that the skills matrix results           Audit Committee

               demonstrate that the Board has the appropriate skills                    Director        Role                    Meetings    Meetings
                                                                                                                                attended        held
               and experience necessary to oversee the operations and
               governance of the Insignia Financial Group. The Board skills             M Somerville    Chair                          10             10
               matrix is available as part of our Corporate Governance                  A Bloore        Member                         10             10
               Statement which is available on the Company’s website.                   E Flynn         Member                         10             10
                                                                                        A Griffiths     Member                         10             10
               Company secretary                                                        J Selak         Member                         10             10
               Ms Adrianna Bisogni LLB (Hons) BA GAICD
               Ms Bisogni is a lawyer with over 25 years’ experience                    Risk and Compliance Committee
               in corporate law. Ms Bisogni was appointed to the role                   Director        Role                    Meetings    Meetings
                                                                                                                                attended        held
               of Company Secretary in November 2019.
                                                                                        E Flynn         Chair                          6              6
               Mr Bill Linehan LLB, BCom, FGIA
                                                                                        A Bloore        Member                         6              6
               Mr Linehan is a Chartered Accountant, lawyer, and a Fellow
                                                                                        A Griffiths     Member                         6              6
               of the Governance Institute with over 20 years’ experience
               in corporate law. Mr Linehan was appointed to the role                   J Selak         Member                         6              6
               of Company Secretary in May 2021.                                        M Somerville    Member                         6              6


               Directors’ meetings                                                      Nominations Committee
                                                                                        Director        Role                    Meetings    Meetings
               The number of Directors’ meetings (including meetings of                                                         attended        held
               committees of Directors) and number of meetings attended
                                                                                        A Bloore        Member to                      5              5
               by each of the Directors of the Company during the financial                             28 July 2021
               year are shown at right.                                                                 Chair from
                                                                                                        28 July 2021
                                                                                        A Griffiths     Chair to                       5              5
                                                                                                        28 July 2021
                                                                                                        Member from
                                                                                                        28 July 2021
                                                                                        E Flynn         Member                         5              5
                                                                                        J Selak         Member                         5              5
                                                                                        M Somerville    Member                         5              5



               62 | Financial report
                         People & Remuneration Committee
                                                                                           In accordance with this requirement the Company has
                                                                                           entered into Deeds of Access, Indemnity and Insurance
                         Director        Role                  Meetings      Meetings
                                                               attended          held      (Deeds of Indemnity) with each Director and Secretary.
                         J Selak         Chair                         7               7
                                                                                           During the financial year, the Insignia Financial Group paid




For personal use only
                                                                                           insurance premiums to insure against amounts that the
                         A Bloore        Member                        7               7
                                                                                           Insignia Financial Group may be liable to pay the Directors
                         E Flynn         Member                        7               7   and Secretary pursuant to Rule 84. The insurance policy also
                         A Griffiths     Member                        7               7   insures the Directors and Secretary of the Company and its
                         M Somerville    Member                        7               7   controlled entities, and the general officers of each of the
                                                                                           companies in the Insignia Financial Group to the extent
                        Meetings held represents the number of meetings held               permitted by law. Details of the amount of the premium
                        during the time the Director held office.                          paid in respect of the insurance contract have not been
                                                                                           disclosed as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms
                        The Directors meetings are those held for Insignia Financial
                                                                                           of the contract.
                        Ltd. This does not include the meetings held and attended
                        by Directors for the various subsidiary companies. Major           The liabilities insured include legal costs that may be
                        subsidiaries averaged eight meetings each during the year.         incurred in defending civil or criminal proceedings that
                                                                                           may be brought against the officers in their capacity as
                        In addition to the meetings attended during the year,
                                                                                           officers of entities in the Insignia Financial Group and any
                        a number of matters were considered and addressed
                                                                                           other payments arising from liabilities incurred by the
                        separately via circular resolution.
                                                                                           officers in connection with such proceedings, other than
                                                                                           where such liabilities arise out of conduct involving a wilful
                        Shares issued on exercise of options
                                                                                           breach of duty by the officers or the improper use by the
                        During the financial year, the Insignia Financial Group did        officers of their position or of information to gain advantage
                        not issue any ordinary shares of the Company as a result           to themselves or someone else or to cause detriment
                        of the exercise of options. All plans were satisfied from the      to the Company.
                        purchase of shares.
                                                                                           Environmental regulation
                        Unexercised options over shares,
                                                                                           The Insignia Financial Group is not subject to significant
                        performance rights and deferred                                    environmental regulation.
                        shares
                        At the date of this report, performance rights on issue are:
                                                                                           Events occurring after balance date
                                                                                           The Directors have declared the payment of a final dividend
                         Performance rights                                                of 11.8 cents per share, franked to 100% at 30% corporate
                         Performance period end date                       Number of       income tax rate, to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares,
                                                                              rights
                                                                                           to be paid on 29 September 2022.
                         30-Jun-23                                           340,560
                         30-Jun-24                                          1,199,646      Sale of Australian Executor Trustees
                         30-Jun-25                                          1,228,561      On 22 August 2022, the Insignia Financial Group executed
                                                                                           a share sale agreement with EQT Holdings Limited (Equity
                                                                           2,768,767
                                                                                           Trustees) to sell 100% of its shares in Australian Executor
                        Shares allocated on vesting will rank equally with all other       Trustees Limited and AET PAF Pty Ltd. Consideration
                        ordinary shares on issue.                                          for the sale is $135m to be paid in cash on completion.
                                                                                           Completion of the transaction is subject to the satisfaction
                        These performance rights do not entitle the holder                 of conditions precedent and is expected to occur by the
                        to participate in any share issue or receive dividends             end of calendar year 2022. The Insignia Financial Group
                        of the Company.                                                    will also provide a number of services to AET, including
                                                                                           premises and technology support, under a transitional
                        Indemnification and insurance                                      services agreement.
                        Rule 84 of the Insignia Financial Ltd Constitution requires
                        the Company to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law,
                        each Director and Secretary against liability incurred in, or
                        arising out of, the conduct of the business of the Company
                        or the discharge of the duties of the Director or Secretary.
                        The Directors and Secretary named in this Directors’ Report
                        have the benefit of this requirement, as do individuals who
                        formerly held one of those positions.                                                                          Financial report | 63
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Directors’ report (cont’d)

               As part of this transaction, the Insignia Financial Group        Non-audit services
               and Equity Trustees have also entered a Strategic Alliance
               Agreement (SAA) under which the Insignia Financial Group,        The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit
               subject to best interest duties, will become the preferred       services during the year of $363,011 by the auditor is




For personal use only
               supplier of certain Administration and Adviser Platform and      compliant with the general standard of independence for
               Managed Investment Scheme services to AET and Equity             auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. Non-audit
               Trustees’ wealth customers. In addition, AET will become         services are managed as follows:
               preferred supplier of Charitable Trusts, Small APRA Funds        • Fees earned from non-audit work undertaken by KPMG
               and Wills and Estate services to the Insignia Financial             are capped at 0.5 times the total audit fee.
               Group’s Corporate Superannuation members. A number               • Services have been reviewed and approved to ensure
               of Equity Trustees Wealth Services Limited products will also       that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity
               be added to the Insignia Financial Group’s Investor Directed        of the auditor.
               Portfolio Services and Superannuation products.
                                                                                • Services do not undermine the general principles
               Financing                                                           relating to auditor independence as set out in the Code
                                                                                   of Conduct APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
               On 16 August 2022, the Insignia Financial Group entered
                                                                                   Accountants issued by the Accounting Professional &
               into a new $955m SFA. The new SFA is supported by six
                                                                                   Ethical Standards Board, including reviewing or auditing
               new and existing lenders, comprising:
                                                                                   the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or
               • a 3-year $340m revolving credit facility;                         decision-making capacity for the Insignia Financial Group,
               • a 4-year $290m revolving credit facility;                         acting as advocate for the Insignia Financial Group or
               • a 4-year $270m term loan; and                                     jointly sharing economic risks and rewards.

               • a 3-year $55m multi-option facility.                           Further information regarding remuneration of auditors
                                                                                is included in Note 35 Remuneration of auditor.
               The new facility and structure provides improved flexibility,
               greater simplicity and improved terms.
                                                                                Proceedings on behalf of the
               The Directors are not aware of any other matter or
               circumstance not otherwise dealt with in this report, or the
                                                                                Company
               accompanying financial statements and notes thereto, that        No person has applied to the Court under section 237
               has arisen since 30 June 2022 that has significantly affected,   of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
               or may significantly affect:                                     proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene
               • the Insignia Financial Group’s operations in future            in any proceedings to which the Company is a party,
                   financial years; or                                          for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf
                                                                                of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.
               • the results of those operations in future
                   financial years; or                                          No proceedings have been brought or intervened
               • the Insignia Financial Group’s state of affairs in future      in on behalf of the Company with leave of the Court
                   financial years.                                             under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001.


               Lead auditor’s independence                                      Authorisation
               declaration                                                      The Directors’ Report is signed in accordance with
                                                                                a resolution of the Directors made pursuant to Section
               The lead auditor’s independence declaration is included
                                                                                298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.
               on page 81 of the annual financial report and forms part
               of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2022.


               Rounding off of amounts
               The Company is a company of the kind referred to in ASIC         Mr Allan Griffiths
               Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)          Chairman
               Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016, and in
                                                                                Melbourne
               accordance with that instrument amounts in the financial
                                                                                25 August 2022
               report are rounded off to the nearest one hundred
               thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.




               64 | Financial report
                        Remuneration report

                        Letter from the Group People &                                  many hundreds of employees come together back in the
                                                                                        office for our series of ‘Connect Days’ or in celebration of
                        Remuneration Committee Chair                                    our diversity and inclusion initiatives, such as our national
                        Dear Shareholders,                                              Pride event. Communication continues to unite us as a




For personal use only
                                                                                        community. CEO Renato’s weekly all-of-company webinars
                        I am very pleased to present the 2022 Remuneration report
                                                                                        provide an opportunity every Monday for us to join him for
                        – the first for Insignia Financial.
                                                                                        a chat, an update on internal and external matters and an
                        Following MLC and IOOF joining forces in June 2021, the         opportunity to ‘ask him anything’. The week is bookended
                        financial year was an important one in driving our strategic    by our ‘End of Week Wrap’ note from one of our Executive
                        priorities to integrate and transform the organisation. The     team, where we share some fun and keep people up to date
                        CEO and Executive Team have successfully executed on our        on what’s happening in the organisation.
                        commitments and led the business through this historic first
                        year as the Insignia Financial Group.
                                                                                        FY22 performance and remuneration
                                                                                        The Executive Equity Plan (EEP), now in its third year,
                        Unifying the organisation                                       delivers appropriate variable reward to Executives in
                        Meaningful steps forward have been made as the Insignia         the form of equity at the end of a four-year vesting
                        Financial Group in unifying the organisation.                   period. The team’s performance against the holistic set
                                                                                        of measures, as outlined on page 67, was solid and well
                        We have progressed through our organisational design
                                                                                        balanced in a period of significant change. As we look
                        across all areas of the business to ensure our teams and
                                                                                        ahead to the implementation of the Financial Accountability
                        ways of working are integrated. I am proud to say we
                                                                                        Regime (FAR) and CPS511 next year, we will be shortly
                        have done this with care, delivering to clients, maintaining
                                                                                        commencing a review of our EEP to ensure alignment
                        engagement and culture across the business and looking
                                                                                        to the regulatory requirements.
                        after the wellbeing of our people.

                        At the Insignia Financial Group our culture is a key            Remuneration governance
                        differentiator and we have invested heavily in our culture      Through this year, we have continued our focus on
                        this year. We are well on our way to completing 180 Culture     strengthening our remuneration governance, which is built
                        Roadshows for 5,000 people across the country – full-day        on the values of fairness and alignment. In line with our
                        workshops led by our senior leaders and culture champions.      remuneration philosophy, there has been a strong focus
                        We have engaged and challenged our people to think about        on harmonisation of remuneration practices between the
                        how they can bring our cultural principles to life and their    heritage workforces that exist within the Insignia Financial
                        role in achieving our ambition to create financial wellbeing    Group. Our focused work on the gender pay gap over
                        for every Australian.                                           a number of years has seen this gap reduce to 14.3%,
                                                                                        well below the financial services comparative benchmark
                        We have also invested in our leaders through the launch
                                                                                        – a good step forward in an area that will need sustained
                        of our Insignature leadership program for our senior
                                                                                        focus. We also advanced our work in readiness for the
                        leaders, to ensure we are all aligned in leading the business
                                                                                        FAR and CPS511, including progress on accountability
                        and our culture going forward.
                                                                                        statements, our consequence framework and practices
                        Rebounding from COVID-19                                        and our connection between risk events and remuneration
                                                                                        outcomes. We look forward to having these in place for
                        In a year of significant change, we have also supported our
                                                                                        next year.
                        people as we navigated our way back to a new normal. We
                        have come a long way in the past year as a society and so       In closing, it is my pleasure as the Chair of the Group People
                        too has the Insignia Financial Group.                           & Remuneration Committee to present the first Insignia
                                                                                        Financial Group’s Remuneration Report to shareholders
                        Wellbeing has been front of mind for us as we supported
                                                                                        for your consideration and support.
                        our people through this change. We have stayed true to our
                        commitment to hybrid working as offices have reopened,          Yours sincerely
                        giving people choice and flexibility in how they work.
                        Wellbeing education and support have featured heavily
                        for our people in FY22, with thousands of our employees
                        participating in these programs.
                                                                                        John Selak
                        The Insignia Financial Group has a culture of ‘belonging’ and
                                                                                        Group People & Remuneration Committee Chair
                        so for us, creating community and connection is important
                        – a place where everyone belongs and can be themselves.         25 August 2022
                        Our people and clients alike. It has been wonderful to see


                                                                                                                                    Financial report | 65
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Remuneration report (cont’d)

                  Contents
                  1.	Executive remuneration outcomes for the 2022                4. Non-Executive Director remuneration                   74




For personal use only
                      financial year                               66               NED Board, committee and subsidiary fee structure 74
                        The 2022 remuneration framework                      66     2022 Statutory remuneration – NEDs                     75
                        FY22 performance outcomes                            67     Equity holdings of NEDs                                75
                  2. Remuneration governance                                 68     Terms of appointment                                   76
                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee            68   5.	Company performance and
                        Group People & Remuneration Committee Charter 68              remuneration impacts                                 76
                        Remuneration and conduct governance                  68     5-year Group performance                               76
                        Insignia Financial’s remuneration                         6. 	Key Management Personnel remuneration –
                        governance framework                                 69        additional statutory disclosure                     77
                        Risk and remuneration                                69   7. Other information                                     78
                  3. Key Management Personnel                                72     Equity holdings                                        78
                        Remuneration received by current Executive KMPs 73          Contract terms                                         80
                        Prior year LTI                                       73     Payments to persons before taking office               80




               1. Executive remuneration outcomes                                   This year, a risk modifier was also introduced to ensure
                                                                                    each Executive was meeting risk and compliance
               for the 2022 financial year                                          expectations. This modifier enables downward adjustment
               The 2022 remuneration framework                                      of remuneration outcomes if these measures are not
                                                                                    adequately achieved.
               FY22 was the third year of the Executive Equity Plan (EEP)
               being in place for the Executive Team as their variable              The annual performance measures set for the 2022 financial
               reward scheme.                                                       year for the CEO and Executives were assessed at the end
                                                                                    of the financial year (as outlined in the table on the following
               The EEP is delivered wholly in equity to closely align
                                                                                    page) but will not be eligible for release until 30 June 2025.
               Executives with long-term sustainable decision making
                                                                                    This year, each measure was assessed on a sliding scale
               in the interests of shareholders.
                                                                                    from threshold (75%), to achieved (100%) and maximum
               The EEP framework encompasses financial and non-financial            (125%) against Board-approved targets.
               measures. The EEP comprises:
               • A four-year performance measure (40%). This will be
                   based on relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR),
                   assessed at the end of the four-year performance period.
               • Annual performance measures with amounts not
                   released until the end of the four-year performance
                   period (60%). Targets are set and assessed annually
                   against five key areas, one financial and four non-
                   financial. The areas assessed, which align with the key
                   strategic drivers of the business, are:
                   – financial (10%)
                   – non-financial measures (50%) comprised of:
                        – building a better tomorrow (5%)
                        – client (10%)
                        – ClientFirst culture (10%)
                        – individual, role-specific measures (25%)




               66 | Financial report
                        FY22 performance outcomes
                        The table below highlights the performance outcomes for each of the measures set out in the EEP.




For personal use only
                                                                                                               Area           Measures                                                             FY22 performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                     achievement

                                                                                                       Risk and compliance    Executives are required to meet all training and core                 All KMP achieved


                                                            Getaways
                                                                                                                              risk requirements                                                        this gateway

                                                                                                        Culture principles    Executives must demonstrate the Insignia Financial principles         All KMP achieved
                                                                                                                              consistently in the way they work                                        this gateway

                                                                                                          Financial (40%)     Delivering to shareholders
                                                                                                                              Long-term shareholder return as measured by TSR percentile
                                                                                                                              ranking >50%
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Assessed in 2025




                                                                                                            Delivering        Achieving the Annual Financial Plan (UNPAT)
                                                                                                      sustainable returns for Measured by achievement of an annual financial plan (UNPAT) target
                                                                                                        shareholders (10%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Exceeded




                                                          Annual performance measures
                                                                                                      Non-financial performance measures

                                                                                                         Building a better    Becoming NetZero
                                                                                                          tomorrow (5%)       Achieve accreditation for NetZero status




                         EXECUTIVE EQUITY PLAN
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Exceeded




                                                 Set and assessed annually – released after 4 years
                                                                                                           Client (10%)       Delivering what matters to clients
                                                                                                                              Improving service delivery to members and advisers as measured
                                                                                                                              through adviser and member Net Promoter Score
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Partially achieved




                                                                                                        ClientFirst culture   Creating a unified ClientFirst culture
                                                                                                              (10%)           Engagement and cultural integration via Our Voice employee survey

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Partially achieved




                                                                                                         Individual (25%)     Transforming the organisation
                                                                                                                              Measures to be set on an individual basis, linked to the
                                                                                                                              successful delivery of key transformation programs such as client    Rated separately for
                                                                                                                              engagement and wellbeing, product simplification, Advice 2.0 and       each individual
                                                                                                                              integration and operating model simplification.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 67
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Remuneration report (cont’d)

               2. Remuneration governance                                       Remuneration and conduct governance
                                                                                Continued progress was made on our remuneration
               The Group People & Remuneration                                  framework and governance practices in 2022. The
               Committee




For personal use only
                                                                                remuneration governance framework ensures key
               The Group People & Remuneration Committee is the                 linkages between risk and performance and remuneration
               governing body for developing, monitoring and assessing          outcomes. As a continuation of our maturity in this area
               the remuneration strategy, policies and practices across the     and in readiness for the Financial Accountability Regime
               Insignia Financial Group and ensuring overall pay equity.        (FAR) and CPS511, work is currently underway to establish
               The role of the Group People & Remuneration Committee            a comprehensive consequence management framework.
               is to review, challenge, assess and as appropriate, endorse      This framework aims to provide more objective guidance
               the recommendations made by management for Board                 on severity of risk or conduct events as well as guidance
               approval. It oversees the Insignia Financial remuneration        on appropriate consequences, and will incorporate current
               framework and assists the Board to ensure that Insignia          adjustment practices, such as malus, clawback, risk and
               Financial’s remuneration strategy and policy are appropriate     compliance gateways and the Exercise of Discretion in
               and effective. The committee also has oversight of other         Remuneration Decision Making Policy. This framework
               People and Culture areas such as talent and succession,          is due to be completed early in 2023.
               culture and engagement, and diversity and inclusion.
                                                                                At Insignia Financial there is active engagement with the
               The committee reviews and makes recommendations to               Group People & Remuneration Committee, the Group
               the Board on the remuneration structure and policies             Risk and Compliance Committee, the Insignia Financial
               applicable to the KMP and Non-Executive Directors (NEDs)         Ltd Board and the boards of registrable superannuation
               of the Insignia Financial Group, as well as the wider Insignia   entities (RSEs) (I.O.O.F. Investment Management Ltd,
               Financial employee population.                                   Oasis Fund Management Limited, OnePath Custodians
                                                                                Pty Limited and NULIS Nominees (Australia) Ltd) on goal
               The committee is comprised solely of NEDs, all of whom
                                                                                setting, performance assessment and remuneration review
               are independent. The members for the year ended
                                                                                processes. In 2022, for the second year, a joint meeting
               30 June 2022 were J Selak – Chair, A Griffiths, E Flynn,
                                                                                of the Group People & Remuneration, Group Risk and
               A Bloore and M Somerville.
                                                                                Compliance and Group Audit committees was convened
               The Board considers that the members of the committee            as part of our end-of-year performance and remuneration
               provide an appropriate mix of skills to undertake its            review process to discuss, provide feedback and reach
               terms of reference, having regard to their qualifications,       agreement on risk considerations. This year, the joint
               knowledge of the financial services industry and experience      committee meeting was extended to include the RSE board
               in business management.                                          chairs and RSE risk committee chairs to contribute to the
                                                                                discussion. The intent is to broadened this further in the
               Group People & Remuneration
                                                                                coming year to include the board chairs and risk committees
               Committee Charter                                                of regulated entities’ to further strengthen risk and
               The responsibilities of the Group People & Remuneration          remuneration outcomes.
               Committee are outlined in its charter. The charter is
                                                                                The compliance learning framework was reshaped in 2022
               available on the Corporate Governance page of the
                                                                                with modules now delivered on a quarterly rather than
               Company’s website at www.insigniafinanical.com.au.
                                                                                annual basis. We are confident this change in sequencing,
               The Group People & Remuneration Committee met formally           which was supported by strong communication and
               seven times during the 2022 financial year. This included a      leader education, delivers a better experience and greater
               joint meeting between the Group People & Remuneration            retention of learning outcomes.
               Committee, the Group Audit Committee and the Group Risk
               and Compliance Committee.




               68 | Financial report
                        Insignia Financial’s remuneration governance framework
                                                                              Insignia Financial Ltd Board




For personal use only
                               Group Risk & Compliance and Audit committees                             Group People & Remuneration Committee
                              Oversight of significant compliance and operational                     Establishment and maintenance of the Group's
                               incidents, internal audit issues and other financial              Remuneration Framework, including recommendations
                                            and non-financial matters.                              to the Board on KMP remuneration arrangements,
                                                                                                  ongoing review of incentive schemes, and assessment
                                                                                                   of performance against key performance indicators.



                                      Joint Group People & Remuneration,                                 Independent remuneration consultants
                                   Risk & Compliance and Audit committees                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee may engage
                           The Committees are advised by the Group Chief Risk Officer               external advisers to provide information to assist the
                             on material risk matters that may impact remuneration                     committee in making remuneration decisions.
                                  outcomes for Senior Executives and below.


                                                                         Risk and remuneration governance
                              Incidents, breaches of policy and misconduct issues are regularly reported to Senior Executives. The Chief Risk Officer reports
                            annually to a joint meeting of the Group People & Remuneration, Group Risk & Compliance and Group Audit committees on the
                             outcomes from the consequence management process and confirms that these matters have been considered in determining
                                                              performance and remuneration outcomes where appropriate.


                        Risk and remuneration
                        Our Remuneration Framework has continued to evolve over the past year, enabling us to achieve better alignment between risk,
                        performance and remuneration and ensure we are aligned to regulator and market expectations.

                        The Board continues to oversee enhancements to the Insignia Financial Group’s management of risk and remuneration,
                        reinforcing the expectations of risk outcomes and behaviours in support of a positive risk culture through the Insignia Financial
                        Group’s practices and frameworks.

                        Risk also plays a key role in performance and remuneration outcomes for our broader employee workforce in addition to those
                        of executives, with financial year outcomes and reward being subject to meeting compliance expectations. More than 99% of
                        the total workforce achieved the risk and compliance gateway. No variable reward was awarded to the <1% who failed to meet
                        the gateway.

                        Embedding risk in our performance and reward framework

                           Risk culture                                                        Alignment of risk to remuneration outcomes
                           The Insignia Financial risk culture is a key business driver        The Insignia Financial Group People & Remuneration Policy
                           and seeks to create an environment where employees                  is designed to encourage and incentivise employees to act
                           have a clear understanding of their responsibilities                responsibly and with integrity in a manner consistent with
                           and accountabilities for managing risk. Employees are               the Policy.
                           empowered to ask questions, report concerns, seek relevant          Reporting is provided to the Board to support oversight of
                           information, challenge assumptions and take action when             remuneration and risk consequences to assist in informing
                           issues are identified as part of everyday work activities.          performance and remuneration reviews.
                           Risk culture is underpinned by the cultural principles, which
                           are embedded in our business processes, including the
                           performance framework.


                           Risk in the performance review process                              Malus/clawback
                           Risk assessments are increasingly a key consideration for the       Malus is the ability to reduce (including to zero) a variable
                           annual performance assessment process of the CEO and                remuneration award/or lapse or postpone vesting of variable
                           Senior Executives. As well as the commencement of a joint           remuneration awards granted, but not vested.
                           meeting of the People & Remuneration, Risk & Compliance             Guidance and enhanced processes to support the
                           and Audit committees to ensure a clear link between                 application of malus have been implemented across Insignia
                           risk, performance and remuneration outcomes, it is also             Financial during the 2022 financial year.
                           supported by reporting and governance structures to ensure
                                                                                               The potential for clawback will also apply to all CEO and
                           a holistic view of risk.
                                                                                               Senior Executives variable remuneration.


                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 69
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Remuneration report (cont’d)

               The table below shows the Insignia Financial Group’s remuneration objectives and principles:

                                                                         Insignia Financial Purpose
                               Understand me                                   Look after me                                   Secure my future




For personal use only
                                                                          Remuneration objectives
                                                       Objectives of Insignia Financial’s remuneration framework:

                  Attraction and               Strategy-led and            Promote a sound risk       Shareholder alignment        Meet regulatory
                  retention of the             supporting Insignia         management culture                                      and governance
                  best talent                  Financial’s purpose                                                                 expectations
                                                                                                                                   and impacts on
                                                                                                                                   remuneration

                  • Attract, motivate          • Support our advice-       • Sound management         • Align outcomes with        • Design and
                        and retain key           led approach to             of non-financial           the shareholder              implement
                        talent to drive the      delivering customer         and financial risk         experience through           the Financial
                        performance of the       outcomes.                   and individual             allocation of equity         Accountability
                        Company.               • Emphasis on                 and collective             and delivery                 Regime (FAR) and
                                                 delivering quality          accountability.            of shareholder               APRA’s Prudential
                                                 advice.                   • Meet the                   returns.                     Standards CPS
                                               • Support Insignia            expectations             • Facilitate an                511 Remuneration
                                                 Financial’s                 of stakeholders            ‘ownership mindset’          and their potential
                                                 ClientFirst                 in a fast-paced            and long-term focus          impact on
                                                 philosophy to               regulatory                 among participants.          remuneration
                                                 deliver a sustainable       environment                                             by 1 July 2023.
                                                 competitive                 and uphold the
                                                 advantage.                  highest governance
                                                                             standards.

                                                                          Remuneration principles
                                                                     These objectives are achieved by:

                  • Being market               • Creating a culture        • Supporting the           • Delivering on              • Determining an
                        competitive and          that underpins              risk management             shareholder value           individual’s variable
                        reflecting our           our principles –            framework                   through short-term          remuneration
                        broader employee         recognising what            and culture, by             performance that            based on a range
                        value proposition.       is achieved and             encouraging                 builds into long-           of financial and non-
                                                 the way in which            appropriate                 term performance.           financial factors that
                                                 it is achieved.             risk behaviours,                                        includes risk factors.
                                                                             setting clear
                                                                             performance and
                                                                             risk accountabilities
                                                                             and enabling
                                                                             consequences
                                                                             through forfeiture
                                                                             of remuneration.




               70 | Financial report
                        The remuneration framework for the KMP is outlined below:

                         Executive remuneration framework
                                       Total fixed remuneration                  Short-term variable reward               Executive Equity Plan




For personal use only
                                                                                                                          (long-term variable reward)

                                       All Senior Executives                     Chief Asset Management Officer           All Senior Executives


                        Participants



                                       • Provides market competitive             • Aligned to specific individual, role   • Relative TFR against ASX 200 (40%)
                                         remuneration to attract and retain        specific targets associated with the     assessed over 4 years
                                         high-quality talent while reflecting      Investment and Asset Management        • Financial measure (10% measured
                                         role size and accountabilities            portfolios                               by achieved of annual UNPAT target


                        Rationale
                                                                                                                            (released after 4 years)
                                                                                                                          • Non-financial component (50%) – set
                                                                                                                            and assessed annually (released after
                                                                                                                            4 years) with one measure in each
                                                                                                                            category being (1) building a better
                                                                                                                            tomorrow (2) Client (3) ClientFirst culture
                                                                                                                            (4) individual.

                                       Base remuneration and                     0% – 100%                                0% – 100%


                        Structure
                                       superannuation                            Paid as cash                             Performance Rights to shares with
                                                                                                                          dividend equivalent payments, with
                                                                                                                          vesting subject to performance over
                                                                                                                          a 4-year period.

                                       • TFR is determined by taking             Quantum (% of TFR)                       Quantum (% of TFR)
                                         into consideration expertise,           Maximum allocation of 80%                Maximum face value allocation of 115%
                                         responsibility, knowledge,                                                       (115% for Group CEO)
                                         experience and market                   Business performance measures            Business performance measures
                                         competitiveness                         STIs are discretionary and determined    • Relative TSR against ASX 200 (40%)
                                       • Reviewed annually against relevant      for each individual KMP based on           assessed over 4 years
                                         comparator group remuneration           a balanced scorecard                     • Financial measure (10% measured
                                         benchmarks                                                                         by achieved of annual UNPAT target
                                       • Primary comparator group is the                                                    (released after 4 years)

                        Approach
                                         other wealth management and                                                      • Non-financial component (50%) – set
                                         superannuation                                                                     and assessed annually (released after
                                       • Adjustments only made for                                                          4 years) with one measure in each
                                         changes in role or promotion,                                                      category being (1) building a better
                                         internal relativities and significant                                              tomorrow (2) Client (3) ClientFirst culture
                                         market changes                                                                     (4) individual
                                                                                 Risk and governance assessment           Risk and governance assessment
                                                                                 (gate/modifier)                          (gate/modifier)
                                                                                 Outcomes subject to Board                Outcomes subject to Board consideration
                                                                                 consideration of conduct and             of conduct and risk matters
                                                                                 risk matters




                                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 71
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Remuneration report (cont’d)

               3. Key Management Personnel
               The Key Management Personnel (KMP) are defined as persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
               controlling the activities of an entity, directly or indirectly, including any Director (whether Executive or otherwise) of that entity.




For personal use only
               The table below outlines the Group’s KMP for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. It also shows each individual’s shareholding
               and corresponding progress against their MSR as at 30 June 2022.

                Name                   Role                                                                        Term as KMP            Current          Progress
                                                                                                                                     shareholding           against
                                                                                                                                                               MSR(1)
                Chairperson
                A Griffiths            Independent Non-Executive Director & Chairman                               Full year              100,000                n/a
                Non-Executive Directors
                E Flynn                Independent Non-Executive Director                                          Full year                49,021               n/a
                J Selak                Independent Non-Executive Director                                          Full year              149,727                n/a
                A Bloore               Independent Non-Executive Director                                          Full year                17,190               n/a
                M Somerville           Independent Non-Executive Director                                          Full year                10,840               n/a
                CEO & Managing Director
                R Mota                 Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (CEO)                         Full year              372,328            100.0%
                Current KMP
                D Chalmers             Chief Financial Officer                                                     Full year                      –            0.0%
                F Lombardo             Chief Operating Officer                                                     Full year                67,576            79.9%
                D Whereat              Chief Advice Officer                                                        Full year                15,000            17.1%
                M Oliver               Chief Distribution Officer                                                  Full year                 5,000             6.2%
                L Stewart              Chief Risk Officer                                                          Full year                      –            0.0%
                G Mulcahy              Chief Asset Management Officer                                              Full year                      –            0.0%

               (1) The MSR is required to be in place by 2024 or four years after commencing in the Executive Equity Plan. The share price is calculated based on the
                   higher of the price at date of purchase/vesting and the current price. The MSR applies to executives only.




               72 | Financial report
                        Remuneration received by current Executive KMPs
                        The remuneration outcomes table below provides a summary of the remuneration that was received by the current
                        executives in their KMP roles during the financial year ended 30 June 2022. We believe that presenting this information




For personal use only
                        provides shareholders with greater clarity and transparency of executive remuneration. This table differs from the statutory
                        remuneration table included in Note 6 of the Remuneration Report, which presents remuneration in accordance with accounting
                        standards (i.e. on an accrual basis). All remuneration presented in this report is in Australian dollars.

                                                     Total fixed                          STI(2)                     LTI(3)                     EEP(4)          Total value of
                                                  remuneration(1)                                                                                              remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                     received
                             Name              2022         2021          2022          2021         2022          2021          2022         2021          2022          2021
                                                  $            $             $             $            $             $             $            $             $             $
                         CEO & Managing Director
                         R Mota            1,307,409 1,080,676                –      54,103         90,250       68,801 1,501,301 1,200,000 2,898,960 2,403,580
                         Current KMP
                         D Chalmers         822,981     761,702               –             –            –             –      707,037     600,000 1,530,018 1,361,702
                         F Lombardo         732,314     551,620               –      47,608         79,420       68,801       560,625     412,000 1,372,359 1,080,029
                         D Whereat          569,607     553,599               –             –       18,050             –      486,115     275,000 1,073,772           828,599
                         M Oliver           534,331     503,594               –             –       18,050             –      442,275     250,000        994,656      753,594
                         L Stewart          634,693     620,000       100,000               –            –             –      219,017     186,000        953,710      806,000
                         G Mulcahy   (5)
                                            671,343       47,659      326,000        92,158              –             –      437,000             – 1,434,343         139,817
                         Former KMP
                         D Farmer(6)              –     389,583               –     359,773              –             –             –    212,500               –     961,856
                         Total             5,272,677 4,508,433        426,000      553,642         205,770     137,602 4,353,370 3,135,500 10,257,818 8,335,177

                        (1) Includes base salary, non-monetary and superannuation.
                        (2) G Mulcahy and D Farmer short-term incentive (STI) amounts represent cash accruals in current and prior year. L Stewart represents a postponed
                            2020 commencement incentive, paid during the financial year.
                        (3) Tenure-based long-term incentive (LTI) value calculated using closing share price at date of transfer of shares. Rights that vested in 2022 are in
                            holding lock for 12 months beyond the completion of the performance period.
                        (4) EEP value represents the total amount that the KMP was granted at the commencement of the plan, subject to a 4-year performance period and
                            the Board’s evaluation of performance conditions as described in Section 1.
                        (5) Appointed as KMP from 1 June 2021.
                        (6) Ceased as KMP 31 May 2021.


                        Prior year LTI
                        For performance rights plans pre-dating the EEP, vesting of 50% of performance rights is subject to serving a three-year
                        employment period commencing on the date of grant. Fifty per cent of the grant is subject to a Total Shareholder Return
                        (TSR) progressive vesting scale over three years. TSR was chosen as the most appropriate comparative measure as it focuses
                        on the delivery of shareholder value. TSR represents the change in the value of a share plus the value of dividends paid.

                         Year                                           Performance      Grant date           IFL TSR for         Ranking           Vesting     Performance
                                                                        period                                the period        relative to        status at          period
                                                                                                                       %          ASX 200      30 June 2022         end date
                         2020 LTI performance rights                    2020-2022        17 Dec 19               -27.83%             148th        0% vested         30 Jun 22
                         2019 LTI performance rights                    2019-2021        17 Aug 18               -54.90%             153rd        0% vested         30 Jun 21


                        The performance period for the 2020 LTI performance rights was completed in 2022. With a TSR ranking of 148th relative to the
                        ASX 200, no performance rights vested under the TSR performance hurdle for any KMP.

                        The 2019 performance rights TSR hurdle was retested at 30 June 2022. With a TSR rank of 153rd relative to the ASX 200, no
                        performance rights vested under the TSR performance hurdle for any KMP. The 2019 Service hurdle performance rights were
                        placed into a 12-month holding lock upon vesting at 30 June 2021, and shares were released to participants on 1 July 2022.




                                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 73
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Remuneration report (cont’d)

               Accordingly, the following shares vested and were forfeited for KMP under the 2019 and 2020 LTI performance rights plans:

                   Name            Performance        Type of instrument                        Employment                TSR          % vested       % forfeited
                                   period end                                                     condition      Performance
                                                                                                      – 50%      hurdle – 50%




For personal use only
                                                                                                Number of shares vested
                   R Mota          30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                     25,000                 –             50.0                50.0
                   F Lombardo      30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                     22,000                 –             50.0                50.0
                   D Whereat       30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                      5,000                 –             50.0                50.0
                   M Oliver        30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                      5,000                 –             50.0                50.0
                   Former KMP
                   D Farmer        30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                     12,500                 –             50.0                50.0
                   G Riordan       30-Jun-21          2019 LTI performance rights*                     15,000                 –             50.0                50.0
                   R Mota          30-Jun-22          2020 LTI performance rights**                    37,500                 –             50.0                50.0
                   F Lombardo      30-Jun-22          2020 LTI performance rights**                    22,000                 –             50.0                50.0
                   D Whereat       30-Jun-22          2020 LTI performance rights**                     5,000                 –             50.0                50.0
                   M Oliver        30-Jun-22          2020 LTI performance rights**                     5,000                 –             50.0                50.0

               *  Performance period ended 30 June 2021, vesting of rights occurred 1 July 2021. Retesting and forfeiture of rights under TSR hurdle occurred
                  1 July 2022.
               ** Performance period ended 30 June 2022, vesting and forfeiture of rights occurred 1 July 2022.



               4. Non-Executive Director remuneration
               In setting appropriate NED remuneration, the Board considers general industry practice; best principles of corporate
               governance; the responsibilities and risks attached to the NED role; the time commitment expected of NEDs on Group and
               Company matters; and fees paid to NEDs of comparable companies.

               In order to ensure NED independence and impartiality, fees are not linked to Company performance and NEDs are not eligible
               to participate in any of the Group’s incentive arrangements.

               A review of the NEDs fee framework was undertaken for 2022, resulting in a change to the overall NED fee pool and fee
               structure. The Insignia Financial Ltd Board Chair fee increased from $285,000 to $375,000 and the Insignia Financial Ltd Board
               NED fee reduced from $170,000 to $160,000 with committee and subsidiary board fees also introduced to reflect work effort.

               NED Board, committee and subsidiary fee structure
                   Elements                        Details
                   NED Board, committee and        2021/22 fees per annum were:
                   subsidiary fee structure
                                                   Group Board fee                                                                     Chair fee         Board
                                                                                                                                                     member fee
                                                   Insignia Financial Ltd Board                                                       $375,000         $160,000
                                                   Committee fee                                                                       Chair fee      Committee
                                                                                                                                                            fee
                                                   Audit                                                                                $30,000          $15,000
                                                   Risk & Compliance                                                                    $30,000          $15,000
                                                   Remuneration                                                                         $20,000          $10,000
                                                   Nominations                                                                          $15,000           $5,000
                                                   Subsidiary boards

                                                   RSE board member fee (one or more RSE boards)                                               –         $60,000
                                                   RE board member fee (one or more RE boards)                                                 –         $35,000
                                                   Other board member fee (one or more other boards, excluding IFL,                            –         $35,000
                                                   RSE and RE subsidiary boards)
                   Post-employment benefits        Superannuation contributions are made at a rate of 10.0% (up to the Australian Government’s
                                                   prescribed maximum contributions limit) and are included in the NED fee.




               74 | Financial report
                        The current aggregate fee pool for NEDs of $1.75 million was approved by shareholders at the 2021 Annual General Meeting.
                        The annual total of NEDs’ fees, including superannuation contributions, is within this agreed limit.

                         NED                        Subsidiary board appointments




For personal use only
                         A Griffiths                Mr Griffiths is Chair of Australian Wealth Management Limited and MLC Wealth Limited, and a director
                                                    of OnePath Investment Holdings Pty Limited, IOOF Life Pty Ltd and IOOF Group Pty Ltd.
                         E Flynn                    Ms Flynn is a director of Australian Wealth Management Limited, IOOF Group Pty Ltd, MLC Wealth Limited,
                                                    OnePath Investment Holdings Pty Limited and IOOF Life Pty Ltd.
                         J Selak                    Mr Selak is a director of OnePath Funds Management Limited, IOOF Investment Services Ltd, Australian
                                                    Executor Trustees Limited, IOOF Holdings Trustee Pty Ltd, IOOF Group Pty Ltd, Antares Capital Partners Ltd,
                                                    MLC Investments Limited, Navigator Australia Limited and MLC Asset Management Services Limited.
                         A Bloore                   Mr Bloore is a director of OnePath Custodians Pty Limited, Oasis Fund Management Limited, I.O.O.F
                                                    Investment Management Limited and NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited. Mr Bloore is also a member of the
                                                    Audit Committee and Insurance & Claims Committee for each of these companies, as well as being a member
                                                    of the MasterKey & Plum Investment Committee and the SuperWrap Investment Committee for NULIS
                                                    Nominees (Australia) Limited.
                         M Somerville               Ms Somerville is Chair of Australian Executor Trustees Limited and a director of OnePath Investment
                                                    Holdings Pty Limited and One Path Funds Management Limited.


                        2022 Statutory remuneration – NEDs
                         NED                                                                                  Short-term benefits              Post-employment               Total

                                                                                           Directors’              Non-monetary       (4)
                                                                                                                                                Superannuation
                                                                                                fees (2)(3)
                                                                                                      $                          $                             $                 $

                         A Griffiths     (1)
                                                                       2022                 373,962                           2,880                            –         376,842
                                                                       2021                 256,500                            676                             –         257,176
                         E Flynn   (1)
                                                                       2022                 254,019                               –                            –         254,019
                                                                       2021                 161,500                               –                            –         161,500
                         J Selak                                       2022                 226,442                               –                      22,644          249,086
                                                                       2021                 147,489                               –                      14,011          161,500
                         A Bloore                                      2022                 235,529                               –                      23,291          258,821
                                                                       2021                 147,489                               –                      14,011          161,500
                         M Somerville                                  2022                 232,407                               –                      23,245          255,652
                                                                       2021                 147,542                               –                      13,958          161,500
                         Total                                         2022               1,322,359                           2,880                      69,181        1,394,420
                                                                       2021                 860,520                            676                       41,980          903,176

                        (1) Directors’ fees include mandated superannuation guarantee contributions in line with the superannuation opt out rules.
                        (2) Director fees include board and committee fees received in cash.
                        (3) Directors took a reduction in fees for 6 months during the 2021 financial year in acknowledgement of the impact of COVID-19.
                        (4) Non-monetary benefits include company funded benefits and fringe benefits tax payable on those benefits, typically car parking.


                        Equity holdings of NEDs
                         Name                                                                                     Balance         Changes                Balance         Balance
                                                                                                                      as at         during                  as at    as at report
                                                                                                               1 July 2021        the year          30 June 2022    sign-off date
                         A Griffiths                                                                             100,000                       –        100,000          100,000
                         E Flynn                                                                                   49,021                      –         49,021           49,021
                         J Selak                                                                                 145,000                    4,727       149,727          149,727
                         A Bloore                                                                                  17,190                      –         17,190           17,190
                         M Somerville                                                                              10,840                      –         10,840           10,840




                                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 75
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Remuneration report (cont’d)

               Terms of appointment
               All NEDs have letters of appointment detailing the terms under which they are engaged. The term of appointment for each is
               open-ended, subject to the provisions of the Corporations Act and the Company’s Constitution. Under the Constitution, one-




For personal use only
               third of Directors must retire from office each year and may seek re-election by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting
               of the Company.


               5. Company performance and remuneration impacts
               In considering the Group’s financial performance and impacts on shareholder wealth for the residual LTI (excluding for the
               2020 financial year as no LTI was awarded in respect of the year ended 30 June 2020), and for the new EEP determination, the
               Remuneration Committee has regard to the following financial metrics in respect of the current financial year and the previous
               four financial years.

               5-year Group performance
                                                                                         2022              2021             2020              2019              2018

                Profitability measures

                Profit attributable to owners of the Company ($m)                         36.8           (142.6)           141.2              28.6              88.3
                UNPAT (m)(1)                                                            234.5             147.8            128.8             198.0            191.4
                UNPAT EPS (cents per share)                                               36.1             25.1              36.8             56.5              57.3
                Share information

                Basic EPS (cents per share)                                                5.7             (24.2)            40.3               8.1             26.4
                Basic EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                        4.2             (25.9)            15.1              (8.5)            31.6


                Share price at start of year                                            $4.27             $4.92            $5.17             $8.99            $9.80
                Share price at end of year                                              $2.69             $4.27            $4.92             $5.17            $8.99
                Change in share price                                                   $(1.58)          $(0.65)           $(0.25)          $(3.82)           $(0.81)


                Dividends per share (cents per share)                                     23.6             23.0              34.5             37.5              54.0
                Ratios

                Return on equity (statutory measure)(2)                                 1.50%            (5.74%)           8.28%            1.57%             5.21%
                Return on equity (non-statutory measure) )    (2
                                                                                        9.52%            5.96%             7.59%           10.90%           11.30%
                Total shareholder return                                              (31.5)%            (8.5)%             1.8%           (36.8)%            (2.8)%
                STIs paid to KMP

                Total STIs paid to KMP ($’000s)                                           426               434              173               143             2,046

               (1) UNPAT is reconciled to profit attributable to owners of the Company in the Operating and Financial Review at page 47 of the Directors’ Report.
               (2) RoE is calculated by dividing NPAT or UNPAT by average equity on issue during the year.




               76 | Financial report
                        6. Key Management Personnel remuneration – additional statutory disclosure
                        The following table sets out the remuneration received by KMP for the year ended 30 June 2022. The share-based payments
                        shown below are not amounts actually received by KMP during the year, as in accordance with accounting standards, they




For personal use only
                        include accounting values for unvested share awards.

                                                                              Short-term benefits          Post-     Share-based
                                                                                                         employ-       payments(2)
                                                                                                           ment
                                                                                                                                                               Component
                                                                   Salary     Bonus –         Non-        Super-        Perform-                                 as a % of
                                                                                cash         mone-         annu-            ance                                     total
                         Element of Remuneration                                               tary(1)      ation          rights             Total          remuneration
                         Component of Remuneration                  Fixed     Variable        Fixed        Fixed         Variable                       Fixed       Variable(3)
                                                                         $            $            $            $                $                 $        %              %
                         R Mota(6)               2022          1,280,758              –       3,083       23,568         535,374         1,842,783         71             29
                                                 2021          1,058,306              –         676       21,694         417,433         1,498,109         72             28
                         D Chalmers        (6)
                                                 2022            796,323              –       3,083       23,575         166,050           989,031         83             17
                                                 2021            738,306              –       1,702       21,694           68,451          830,153         92              8
                         F Lombardo              2022            705,663              –       3,083       23,568         236,575           968,889         76             24
                                                 2021            528,306              –       1,620       21,694         237,769           789,389         70             30
                         D Whereat               2022            540,133              –       5,899       23,575         124,886           694,493         82             18
                                                 2021            528,306              –       3,599       21,694           74,729          628,328         88             12
                         M Oliver                2022            504,864              –       5,899       23,568         117,644           651,975         82             18
                                                 2021            478,306              –       3,594       21,694           71,877          575,471         88             12
                         L Stewart   (5)
                                                 2022            611,125      100,000              –      23,568           50,596          785,289         81             19
                                                 2021            598,306              –            –      21,694           21,220          641,220         97              3
                         G Mulcahy     (4)(5)
                                                 2022            660,769      326,000       10,574              –          58,498        1,055,841         64             36
                                                 2021             47,659       92,158              –            –                –         139,817         34             66
                         Former KMP
                         D Farmer(4)(5)          2021            369,697      331,876              –      19,886         121,726           843,185         46             54
                         Total                   2022          5,099,635      426,000       31,621       141,421       1,289,623         6,988,301
                                                 2021          4,347,192      424,034       11,191       150,050       1,013,205         5,945,672

                        (1) Non-monetary benefits include company funded benefits and fringe benefits tax payable on those benefits, typically car parking.
                        (2) Share-based payments include accruals in relation to the Executive Performance Share Plans and accruals in relation to other grants of
                            performance rights over shares in the Company. The value of the number of shares and options expected to vest has been apportioned over the
                            term from grant date to vesting date, taking into account the results of the annual performance conditions.
                        (3) As payment of the variable component is at the discretion of the Board, the minimum value is nil and the maximum is the total amount paid.
                        (4) Amounts represent payments relating to the period during which the individuals were identified as KMP.
                        (5) G Mulcahy and D Farmer STI amounts represent cash accruals in current and prior year. L Stewart represents a commencement incentive paid
                            during the financial year. No superannuation was paid in respect of G Mulcahy as they are a member of a defined benefit plan which is in a payment
                            holiday. Disclosure of the defined benefit plan is made at Note 32.
                        (6) Individual took a reduction in salary for 6 months in 2021 in acknowledgement of the impact of COVID-19.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 77
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Remuneration report (cont’d)

               7. Other information
               Equity holdings
               The table below sets out details of deferred shares and rights that were granted to KMP during the 2022 financial year or in prior




For personal use only
               years and that then vested, were exercised/sold or which lapsed/were forfeited during the 2022 financial year.

                Name                      Type of instrument                           Grant                          Fair value per right   Number granted(1)
                                                                                       date                                 at grant date


                CEO & Managing Director

                R Mota                    2022 Executive Equity Plan                   4-Mar-22                                    $2.72            351,426
                                          2021 Executive Equity Plan                   18-Dec-20                                   $2.29            239,597
                                          2020 LTI performance rights                  17-Dec-19                                   $5.90              75,000
                                          2019 LTI performance rights                  26-Sep-18                                   $4.93              50,000
                Total R Mota
                Current KMP
                D Chalmers                2022 Executive Equity Plan                   4-Mar-22                                    $2.72            165,504
                                          2021 Executive Equity Plan                   18-Dec-20                                   $2.29            119,799
                Total D Chalmers
                F Lombardo                2022 Executive Equity Plan                   4-Mar-22                                    $2.72            131,232
                                          2021 Executive Equity Plan                   18-Dec-20                                   $2.29              82,262
                                          2020 LTI performance rights                  17-Dec-19                                   $5.90              44,000
                                          2019 LTI performance rights                  26-Sep-18                                   $4.93              44,000
                Total F Lombardo
                D Whereat                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                   4-Mar-22                                    $2.72            113,790
                                          2021 Executive Equity Plan                   18-Dec-20                                   $2.29              54,908
                                          2020 LTI performance rights                  17-Dec-19                                   $5.90              10,000
                                          2019 LTI performance rights                  26-Sep-18                                   $4.93              10,000
                Total D Whereat
                M Oliver                  2022 Executive Equity Plan                   4-Mar-22                                    $2.72            103,528
                                          2021 Executive Equity Plan                   18-Dec-20                                   $2.29              49,916
                                          2020 LTI performance rights                  17-Dec-19                                   $5.90              10,000
                                          2019 LTI performance rights                  26-Sep-18                                   $4.93              10,000
                Total M Oliver
                L Stewart                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                   4-Mar-22                                    $2.72              51,267
                                          2021 Executive Equity Plan                   18-Dec-20                                   $2.29              37,138
                Total L Stewart
                G Mulcahy                 2022 Executive Equity Plan                   4-Mar-22                                    $2.72            102,293
                Total G Mulcahy
                Total KMP

               (1) Exercise price at grant date is $nil.
               (2) Vested rights are in holding lock for 12 months beyond the completion of the performance period.




               78 | Financial report
For personal use only
                        Balance at       Granted as   Exercised/     Forfeited/     Balance at       Financial year
                        1 July 2021   compensation       vested(2)      lapsed    30 June 2022     of performance
                                                                                                        period end



                                 –         351,426             –       (40,399)       311,027                 2025
                          239,597                –             –             –        239,597                 2024
                           75,000                –                                     75,000                 2022
                           50,000                –      (25,000)             –         25,000                 2021
                          364,597          351,426      (25,000)       (40,399)       650,624


                                 –         165,504             –       (19,026)       146,478                 2025
                          119,799                –             –             –        119,799                 2024
                          119,799          165,504             –       (19,026)       266,277
                                 –         131,232             –       (15,086)       116,146                 2025
                           82,262                –             –             –         82,262                 2024
                           44,000                –             –             –         44,000                 2022
                           44,000                –      (22,000)             –         22,000                 2021
                          170,262          131,232      (22,000)       (15,086)       264,408
                                 –         113,790             –       (11,844)       101,946                 2025
                           54,908                –             –             –         54,908                 2024
                           10,000                –             –             –         10,000                 2022
                           10,000                –        (5,000)            –          5,000                 2021
                           74,908          113,790        (5,000)      (11,844)       171,854
                                 –         103,528             –        (8,507)        95,021                 2025
                           49,916                –             –             –         49,916                 2024
                           10,000                –             –             –         10,000                 2022
                           10,000                –        (5,000)            –          5,000                 2021
                           69,916          103,528        (5,000)       (8,507)       159,937
                                 –          51,267             –        (7,008)        44,259                 2025
                           37,138                –             –             –         37,138                 2024
                           37,138           51,267             –        (7,008)        81,397
                                 –         102,293             –       (13,983)        88,310                 2025
                                 –         102,293             –       (13,983)        88,310
                          836,620        1,019,040      (57,000)      (115,853)     1,682,807




                                                                                                 Financial report | 79
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Remuneration report (cont’d)

               The relevant interest of KMP in the shares issued by the Company, is as follows:

                Ordinary shares(1)                                                                 Balance at     Received on       Net other     Balance at
                                                                                                   1 July 2021      vesting of        change    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                 performance




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        rights(2)
                                                                                                           No.              No.          No.            No.
                CEO & Managing Director
                R Mota                                                         2022                  347,328            25,000              -       372,328
                                                                               2021                  204,227            28,112       114,989        347,328
                Current KMP
                D Chalmers                                                     2022                          –                –            –              –
                                                                               2021                          –                –            –              –
                F Lombardo                                                     2022                    45,576           22,000             –         67,576
                                                                               2021                    19,038           26,538             –         45,576
                D Whereat                                                      2022                    10,000            5,000             –         15,000
                                                                               2021                          –                –       10,000         10,000
                M Oliver                                                       2022                          –           5,000             –          5,000
                                                                               2021                          –                –            –              –
                L Stewart                                                      2022                          –                –            –              –
                                                                               2021                          –                –            –              –
                G Mulcahy                                                      2022                          –                –            –              –
                                                                               2021                          –                –            –
                Former KMP
                D Farmer(3)                                                    2021                    14,261            6,761             –         21,022

               (1) The equity holding for the above individuals is inclusive of both direct and indirect shareholdings.
               (2) Rights that vested in 2022 are in holding lock for 12 months beyond the completion of the performance period.
               (3) Closing balance is number of shares held at the time of cessation as KMP.


               Contract terms
               The term of each KMP’s contract is ongoing. Either Insignia Financial or the individual KMP (excluding the CEO) can terminate
               their contract on 6 months’ notice. In the case of the CEO, either Insignia Financial or the CEO can terminate his contract on
               12 months’ notice.

               In the case of termination of employment, Insignia Financial may elect to make a payment in lieu of part or all of the notice
               periods, incorporating unpaid leave entitlements and pro-rated entitlement to EEP (if applicable). The Board has discretion
               regarding treatment of unvested short- and long-term incentives received under the previous remuneration framework.

               Payments to persons before taking office
               No Director or member of senior management appointed during the year received a payment as part of his or her consideration
               for agreeing to hold the position.

               This report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors made pursuant to Section 298(2) of the
               Corporations Act 2001.

               The Remuneration Report is prepared, and audited, in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001. It forms
               part of the Directors’ Report.




               John Selak
               Group People & Remuneration Committee Chair

               25 August 2022



               80 | Financial report
                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under




For personal use only
                        Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                         To the Directors of Insignia Financial Ltd

                         I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Insignia Financial Ltd
                         for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 there have been:

                                 i.      no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the
                                         Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                                 ii.     no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                           KPMG                                                      Chris Wooden

                                                                                     Partner

                                                                                     Melbourne

                                                                                     25 August 2022




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                        with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo
                        are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a
                        scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 81
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
               For the year ended 30 June 2022


                                                                                                                                              2022             2021*
                                                                                                                            Note                $m                $m
                Continuing operations




For personal use only
                Revenue                                                                                                         3          2,148.8           1,287.4
                Expenses                                                                                                        4         (2,085.5)         (1,217.2)
                Impairment expense                                                                                                             (7.8)          (199.9)
                Share of profit/(loss) of associates accounted for under the equity method                                     28              13.4              (1.0)
                Finance costs                                                                                                                 (29.3)           (10.9)
                Profit/loss) before tax and statutory funds from continuing operations                                                         39.6           (141.6)
                Income tax expense                                                                                              5             (12.0)           (11.2)
                Profit/(loss) after tax before statutory funds from continuing operations                                                      27.6           (152.8)
                Statutory fund revenue**                                                                                       31               7.6             73.8
                Statutory fund expenses**                                                                                      31             (30.8)           (28.2)
                Statutory fund income tax benefit/(expense)**                                                                  31              23.2            (45.6)
                Statutory fund contribution to profit/(loss), net of tax                                                                          –                 –
                Profit/(loss) for the year from continuing operations                                                                         27.6            (152.8)
                Discontinued operations
                Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                30               9.2             10.2
                Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                                    36.8            (142.6)
                Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                Change in fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income                                                    (0.5)           (27.9)
                Remeasurements of defined benefit asset                                                                                         4.4               0.8
                Income tax (expense)/benefit on other comprehensive income                                                                     (1.2)              8.3
                                                                                                                                                2.7            (18.8)
                Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                                                                          0.2               0.2
                Income tax benefit/(expense) on other comprehensive income                                                                        –              (0.1)
                                                                                                                                                0.2               0.1
                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of income tax                                                               2.9            (18.7)
                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                                39.7            (161.3)
                Profit/(loss) attributable to:
                Owners of the Company                                                                                                          36.8           (142.6)
                Non-controlling interest                                                                                                          –                 –
                Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                                    36.8            (142.6)
                Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
                Owners of the Company                                                                                                          39.7           (161.3)
                Non-controlling interest                                                                                                          –                 –
                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                                39.7            (161.3)
                Earnings per share
                Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                      7               5.7            (24.2)
                Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                    7               5.6            (24.2)
                Earnings per share – continuing operations:
                Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                      7               4.3            (25.9)
                Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                    7               4.2            (25.9)

               Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 87 to 137.
               * Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30 Discontinued operations.
               ** A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. The funds operated by IOOF Ltd, and any
                  trusts controlled by those funds, are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds are required
                  to be consolidated in accordance with accounting standards.

               82 | Financial report
                        Consolidated statement of financial position
                        As at 30 June 2022


                                                                                                                   2022           2021*
                                                                                                          Note       $m              $m
                         Assets




For personal use only
                         Cash                                                                               8     518.0            670.7
                         Receivables                                                                        9     685.3            738.8
                         Other financial assets                                                            10    1,239.8         1,324.9
                         Current tax assets                                                                        43.2              0.7
                         Other assets                                                                              28.0             20.8
                         Assets classified as held for sale                                                30      76.6                 –
                         Property and equipment                                                            11     208.1            145.8
                         Net defined benefit asset                                                         32      20.1             17.2
                         Associates                                                                        28      88.5             95.1
                         Intangible assets                                                                 12     802.2            891.6
                         Goodwill                                                                          13    1,804.5         1,850.9
                         Total assets                                                                            5,514.3        5,756.5
                         Liabilities
                         Payables                                                                          14     467.2            372.3
                         Other financial liabilities                                                       15    1,108.2         1,192.7
                         Provisions                                                                        17     545.7            893.0
                         Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                    30      10.2                 –
                         Lease liabilities                                                                 16     189.4            124.9
                         Borrowings                                                                        19     771.3            648.6
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                           5      21.4             32.0
                         Total liabilities                                                                       3,113.4        3,263.5
                         Net assets                                                                              2,400.9        2,493.0
                         Equity
                         Share capital                                                                     20    3,013.6         2,996.0
                         Reserves                                                                          21        5.0             3.8
                         Accumulated losses                                                                       (617.5)         (506.6)
                         Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                              2,401.1         2,493.2
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                   (0.2)            (0.2)
                         Total equity                                                                            2,400.9        2,493.0

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 87 to 137.
                        * Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.




                                                                                                                      Financial report | 83
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Consolidated statement of changes in equity
               For the year ended 30 June 2022


                For the year ended 30 June 2022            Ordinary        Treasury       Reserves       Accumulated      Total         Non-      Total equity
                                                             shares          shares                           losses               controlling
                                                                                                                                     interest
                                                                 $m              $m              $m              $m         $m            $m              $m




For personal use only
                Balance at 1 July 2021*                     3,000.6             (4.6)            3.8          (506.6)   2,493.2           (0.2)       2,493.0
                Total comprehensive income
                for the year
                Profit for the year attributable to                –               –               –            36.8      36.8              –            36.8
                owners of the Company
                Other comprehensive income for                     –               –             (0.1)           3.0        2.9             –             2.9
                the year, net of income tax
                Total comprehensive income                         –               –             (0.1)          39.8      39.7              –            39.7
                for the year
                Transactions with owners,
                recorded directly in equity
                Contributions by and (distributions
                to) owners
                Issue of shares under dividend                  16.4               –               –               –      16.4              –            16.4
                reinvestment plan
                Dividends paid                                     –               –               –          (151.1)    (151.1)            –          (151.1)
                Share-based payments expense                       –               –             2.9               –        2.9             –             2.9
                Transfer from employee equity-                   1.2               –             (1.2)             –          –             –               –
                settled benefits reserve on
                exercise of performance rights
                Treasury shares transferred to                   (1.0)           1.0               –               –          –             –               –
                recipients during the year
                Transfer from foreign currency                     –               –             (0.4)           0.4          –             –               –
                translation reserve to retained
                earnings
                Total transactions with owners                  16.6             1.0             1.3          (150.7)    (131.8)            –          (131.8)
                Balance at 30 June 2022                     3,017.2             (3.6)            5.0          (617.5)   2,401.1           (0.2)       2,400.9

               Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 87 to 137.
               * Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.




               84 | Financial report
                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2022


                         For the year ended 30 June 2021*           Ordinary        Treasury       Reserves        Accumulated      Total         Non-      Total equity
                                                                      shares          shares                            losses               controlling
                                                                                                                                               interest
                                                                          $m              $m                $m             $m         $m            $m              $m




For personal use only
                         Balance at 1 July 2020                      1,970.8             (5.0)            91.3          (319.4)   1,737.7           (0.2)       1,737.5
                         Total comprehensive loss
                         for the year
                         Loss for the year attributable to                  –               –                 –         (142.6)    (142.6)            –          (142.6)
                         owners of the Company
                         Other comprehensive income for                     –               –             (19.3)           0.6      (18.7)            –           (18.7)
                         the year, net of income tax
                         Total comprehensive loss for                       –               –             (19.3)        (142.0)    (161.3)            –          (161.3)
                         the year
                         Transactions with owners,
                         recorded directly in equity
                         Contributions by and (distributions
                         to) owners
                         Issue of shares                              1,043.9               –                 –              –    1,043.9             –         1,043.9
                         Transaction costs of issuing new               (14.3)              –                 –              –      (14.3)            –           (14.3)
                         shares (net of tax)
                         Dividends paid                                     –               –                 –         (115.0)    (115.0)            –          (115.0)
                         Share-based payments expense                       –               –               2.2              –        2.2             –             2.2
                         Transfer from employee equity-                   0.6               –              (0.6)             –          –             –               –
                         settled benefits reserve on
                         exercise of performance rights
                         Treasury shares transferred to                   (0.4)           0.4                 –              –          –             –               –
                         recipients during the year
                         Transfer of lapsed performance                     –               –              (0.4)           0.4          –             –               –
                         rights to retained earnings
                         Transfer from revaluation of                       –               –             (69.4)          69.4          –             –               –
                         financial assets reserve to retained
                         earnings, net of tax
                         Total transactions with owners               1,029.8             0.4             (68.2)         (45.2)    916.8              –           916.8
                         Balance at 30 June 2021*                    3,000.6             (4.6)             3.8          (506.6)   2,493.2           (0.2)       2,493.0

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 87 to 137.
                        * Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report | 85
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Consolidated statement of cash flows
               For the year ended 30 June 2022


                                                                                                           2022        2021
                                                                                                 Note        $m          $m
                Cash flows from operating activities




For personal use only
                Receipts from customers                                                                 2,228.6     1,406.1
                Payments to suppliers and employees                                                     (1,826.5)   (1,139.9)
                Dividends from associates                                                                  12.0          0.2
                Remediation costs                                                                        (257.1)     (103.1)
                Transformation and integration costs                                                     (116.4)       (45.9)
                Legal settlements paid                                                                      (8.1)      (21.5)
                Non-recurring BT settlement fee                                                                –       80.0
                Income taxes paid – corporate                                                              (37.7)      (39.0)
                Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities from the corporate group                (5.2)     136.9
                Receipts from customers – statutory funds                                                    2.4         3.4
                Payments to suppliers and employees – statutory funds                                       (7.8)       (8.6)
                Contributions received – statutory funds                                                  107.1       135.0
                Withdrawal payments – statutory funds                                                    (123.0)     (130.4)
                Dividends and distributions received – statutory funds                                       0.9         1.7
                Proceeds from divestment of financial instruments – statutory funds                       124.4       148.9
                Payments for financial instruments – statutory funds                                     (102.1)     (134.5)
                Amounts advanced to/(received from) other entities – statutory funds                         5.9       (15.5)
                Income taxes (paid)/refunded – statutory funds                                              (8.1)        0.9
                Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities from the statutory funds                (0.3)        0.9
                Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                                8        (5.5)     137.8
                Cash flows from investing activities
                Dividends and distributions received                                                         0.3         0.4
                Interest received                                                                            5.1         3.5
                Proceeds on divestment of subsidiaries                                                       1.4           –
                Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                                –     (857.2)
                Net proceeds on purchase and sales of financial and other assets                             1.4      102.2
                Net (payments for)/proceeds from financial instruments                                     (29.3)      28.7
                Payments for property and equipment                                                        (20.4)       (9.3)
                Payments for intangible assets                                                             (26.8)       (7.1)
                Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (68.3)    (738.8)
                Cash flows from financing activities
                Borrowings repaid                                                                          (80.0)    (575.0)
                Drawdown of borrowings                                                                    194.0       591.0
                Proceeds from issue of shares                                                     20           –    1,043.9
                Transaction costs of issuing new shares                                                        –       (20.4)
                Repayment of lease liabilities                                                             (30.3)      (21.7)
                Interest and other costs of finance paid                                                   (15.1)       (7.4)
                Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                                  (134.7)     (115.0)
                Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities                                        (66.1)     895.4
                Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     (139.9)      294.4
                Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                        670.7       374.7
                Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                  –         1.6
                Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                       (12.8)          –
                Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                                              518.0       670.7

               Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 87 to 137.



               86 | Financial report
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        For the year ended 30 June 2022


                        Section 1 – Basis of preparation

                           This section sets out the Insignia Financial Group’s accounting policies that relate to the




For personal use only
                           financial statements as a whole. Where an accounting policy is specific to a single note, the
                           policy is described in the note to which it relates. This section also shows new accounting
                           standards, amendments and interpretations, and whether they are effective in 2022 or later
                           years. The expected impact of these changes to the financial position and performance of the
                           Insignia Financial Group is explained in this section.


                        1 Basis of preparation                                           Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the
                                                                                         International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
                        Reporting entity
                        Insignia Financial Ltd (previously IOOF Holdings Ltd) (‘the      The annual financial report was approved by the Board
                        Company’) is a public company listed on the Australian           of Directors on 25 August 2022.
                        Stock Exchange (trading under the symbol ‘IFL’), domiciled       (b) Basis of measurement
                        in Australia. The consolidated financial statements of
                                                                                         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
                        the Company as at and for the year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                                         on the historical cost basis except for the following material
                        comprise the Company and its controlled entities
                                                                                         items in the statement of financial position:
                        (collectively, the ‘Insignia Financial Group’ or ‘the Group’).
                                                                                         • financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
                        The Insignia Financial Group is a for-profit entity. The            are measured at fair value;
                        principal activities of the Insignia Financial Group are:
                                                                                         • equity investments at fair value through other
                        • Platforms: Offering a wide range of financial services            comprehensive income are measured at fair value; and
                           solutions on superannuation and investments to clients
                                                                                         • assets classified as held for sale are measured at the
                           including investors, members, employers and advisers.
                                                                                            lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
                        • Advice: Providing quality financial advice that is
                           accessible, affordable and engaging, helping clients          The statement of financial position is presented in order
                           navigate their way through a range of financial products      of liquidity.
                           and services and educating clients to improve their           (c) Functional and presentation currency
                           financial literacy.
                                                                                         These consolidated financial statements are presented
                        • Asset Management: Delivering strong and consistent             in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s
                           returns to clients with access to world-leading investment    functional currency.
                           managers across a broad range of highly rated single and
                           multi-manager funds and other attractive investment           (d) Rounding of amounts
                           opportunities.                                                The Company is a company of the kind referred to in ASIC
                                                                                         Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
                        Effective 9 December 2021, the Company changed its name
                                                                                         Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016, and in
                        to Insignia Financial Ltd and commenced rebranding the
                                                                                         accordance with that instrument amounts in the financial
                        corporate group to Insignia Financial. The Insignia Financial
                                                                                         report are rounded off to the nearest one hundred
                        name is a unifying brand for the Insignia Financial people
                                                                                         thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.
                        and represents the shared ambition of creating financial
                        wellbeing for all Australians.                                   (e) Use of estimates and judgements

                        The Company’s registered office and its principal place          Management is required to make judgements, estimates
                        of business are Level 1, 800 Bourke Street, Docklands            and assumptions that affect the application of accounting
                        Victoria 3008.                                                   policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
                                                                                         income and expenses. Actual results may differ from
                        Basis of preparation                                             these estimates.
                        (a) Statement of compliance
                                                                                         Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
                        These general purpose financial statements have been             an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
                        prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting                recognised in the year in which the estimates are revised
                        Standards (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting           and in any future years affected.
                        Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations Act 2001. The
                        consolidated financial statements comply with International


                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 87
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Information about critical judgements in applying                  Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the
               accounting policies, assumptions and estimation                    consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition-
               uncertainties that may have a significant effect on the            date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the
               amounts recognised in the financial statements is included         liabilities assumed.




For personal use only
               in the following notes:
                                                                                  If the initial accounting for a business combination is
               • Note 12 – Intangible assets (other than goodwill);               incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
               • Note 13 – Goodwill;                                              combination occurs, the Insignia Financial Group reports
               • Note 17 – Provisions;                                            provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting
                                                                                  is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted
               • Note 22 – Commitments and contingencies;
                                                                                  during the measurement period (which cannot exceed
               • Note 24 – Fair value of financial assets and liabilities;        one year from the acquisition date), or additional assets
               • Note 27 – Acquisition of subsidiary;                             or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information
               • Note 30 – Discontinued operations;                               obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as
                                                                                  of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected
               • Note 32 – Defined benefit plan; and
                                                                                  the amounts recognised as of that date.
               • Note 33 – Share-based payments.
                                                                                  Non-controlling interests (NCI)
               (f) Other significant accounting policies
                                                                                  NCI are measured at their proportionate share of the
               Significant accounting policies have been included in the
                                                                                  acquiree’s identifiable net assets at the acquisition date.
               relevant notes to which the policies relate. Other significant
                                                                                  Changes in the Insignia Financial Group’s interest in
               accounting policies are listed below.
                                                                                  a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
               Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified                 accounted for as equity transactions.
               to conform with the current year’s presentation.
                                                                                  Subsidiaries
               Basis of consolidation                                             Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Insignia Financial
               The consolidated financial statements incorporate the              Group. The Insignia Financial Group controls an entity
               assets and liabilities of all controlled subsidiaries of the       when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
               Company as at 30 June 2022 and the results of all controlled       from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to
               subsidiaries for the year then ended. This includes the            affect those returns through its power over the entity. The
               statutory funds of its subsidiary, IOOF Ltd, and any               financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
               controlled trusts.                                                 consolidated financial statements from the date on which
                                                                                  control commences until the date on which control ceases.
               The statutory funds and any trusts controlled by those
               funds are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the        Loss of control
               Life Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds, in addition to     When the Insignia Financial Group loses control over
               the statutory funds of the life insurance business conducted       a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of
               by the Insignia Financial Group, are shown separately from         the subsidiary, and any related non-controlling interests
               shareholder funds in the notes to the financial statements.        and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or
               Refer to Note 31 Statutory funds for information in relation       loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained
               to the different accounting treatment of investment                in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value when
               contracts with discretionary participating features.               control is lost.

               Business combinations                                              IOOF Equity Plans Trust (the Trust)

               The Insignia Financial Group accounts for business                 The Insignia Financial Group has formed a Trust to
               combinations using the acquisition method when control is          administer the Insignia Financial Group’s employee share
               transferred. The consideration transferred in the acquisition      schemes. The Trust is consolidated, as the substance of the
               is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net   relationship is that the Trust is controlled by the Insignia
               assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually       Financial Group. Shares held by the Trust are disclosed
               for impairment. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred,        as treasury shares and are deducted from share capital.
               except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities.       Transactions eliminated on consolidation
               Any contingent consideration payable is recognised at fair         Intra–Insignia Financial Group balances and transactions,
               value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration     and any unrealised income and expenses arising from
               is classified as equity, it is not remeasured and settlement       intra–Insignia Financial Group transactions, are eliminated in
               is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent              preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised
               changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration          gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted
               are recognised in profit or loss.                                  investees are eliminated against the investment to the

               88 | Financial report
                        extent of the Insignia Financial Group’s interest in the investee.   (g) Adoption of new and revised standards
                        Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised       New and revised standards in issue but not
                        gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of           yet effective
                        impairment. Dividends paid to the Trust are also eliminated.




For personal use only
                                                                                             At the date of authorisation of these financial statements,
                        Foreign currency transactions                                        the Insignia Financial Group had not applied the following
                        Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at                 new and revised IFRS Standards, which have been issued
                        the foreign exchange rate prevailing at the date of the              but are not yet effective:
                        transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
                                                                                              New standards or amendments             Effective first
                        foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are translated                                                   financial year end
                        to Australian dollars at the foreign exchange rate prevailing
                                                                                              AASB 17 Insurance Contracts             30 June 2024
                        at that date. Foreign exchange differences arising on
                                                                                              AASB 101 Classification of Liabilities 30 June 2024
                        translation are recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary
                                                                                              as Current or Non-Current (Amendments
                        assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical       to IAS 1)
                        cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
                                                                                              AASB 2020-3 Amendments to Australian 30 June 2023
                        rate at the date of the transaction.                                  Accounting Standards – Annual
                                                                                              Improvements 2018-2020 and Other
                        Foreign operations
                                                                                              Amendments
                        The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including
                        goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation,        The Directors do not expect that the adoption of the
                        are translated to Australian dollars at foreign exchange             standards listed above will have a material impact on the
                        rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. The revenue and          financial statements of the Insignia Financial Group in future
                        expenses of foreign operations are translated to Australian          periods, except as noted below.
                        dollars at rates approximating the foreign exchange
                                                                                             AASB 17 Insurance Contracts
                        rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign
                        currency differences are recognised in the foreign currency          AASB 17 Insurance Contracts replaces AASB 4 Insurance
                        translation reserve.                                                 Contracts and similarly applies to insurance contracts.
                                                                                             The classification of insurance contracts is similar to
                        Goods and service tax                                                AASB 4 Insurance Contracts; however unbundling rule
                        Revenues, expenses and assets (excluding receivables) are            changes may mean some contract components now need
                        recorded net of good and services tax (GST). GST input tax           to be measured under AASB 17.
                        credits are initially recorded as an asset and GST collected
                                                                                             AASB 17 Insurance Contracts establishes principles for the
                        as a liability. These balances are offset as at the reporting
                                                                                             recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
                        date and recognised as either an amount receivable
                                                                                             insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held.
                        or payable to the Australian Taxation Office. The GST
                                                                                             It requires similar principles to be applied to investment
                        portion relating to financial supplies and non-deductible
                                                                                             contracts with discretionary participation features if the
                        expenditure, for which an input tax credit cannot be
                                                                                             entity issues insurance contracts. AASB 17 Insurance
                        claimed, is expensed or is recognised as part of the cost of
                                                                                             Contracts impacts the operations and financial position
                        acquisition of an asset.
                                                                                             of IOOF Ltd only.
                        Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount
                                                                                             The Insignia Financial Group is undertaking its assessment
                        of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST
                                                                                             of the potential impact on its financial statements but the
                        recoverable from, or payable to, the Australian Taxation
                                                                                             likely impact is yet to be determined.
                        Office is included with other receivables or payables in the
                        statement of financial position.                                     The Insignia Financial Group plans to adopt AASB 17
                                                                                             Insurance Contracts in the consolidated financial statements
                        Cash flows are presented in the statement of cash flows on
                                                                                             for the year ending 30 June 2024.
                        a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising
                        from investing or financing activities that are recoverable
                        from, or payable to, the Australian Taxation Office are
                        presented as operating cash flows.

                        Restatement of prior year information
                        As described in Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary,
                        the purchase price allocation for the MLC businesses
                        acquired on 31 May 2021 was finalised during the current
                        financial year. The impact of the adjustments on the
                        30 June 2021 statement of financial position and statement
                        of comprehensive income are described in note 27.
                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 89
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022


               Section 2 – Results for the year

                   This section focuses on the results and performance of the Insignia Financial Group. On the




For personal use only
                   following pages, you will find disclosures explaining the Insignia Financial Group’s segment
                   information, results for the year, taxation, dividends and earnings per share.


               2 Operating segments                                           Platforms
               During the year, the Insignia Financial Group reorganised      Offering a wide range of financial services solutions
               its reporting structure following the completion of the        on superannuation and investments to clients including
               acquisition of the MLC businesses and the ex-ANZ Wealth        investors, members, employers and advisers.
               businesses acquired in prior years (the reorganisation).       Advice
               As a result of the reorganisation, the Insignia Financial      Providing quality financial advice that is accessible,
               Group changed the structure of its internal reporting to the   affordable and engaging for Australians, and helping clients
               Chief Executive Officer who is the chief operating decision    navigate their way through a range of financial products
               maker for the purpose of segment reporting under AASB 8        and services and educating clients to improve their
               Operating Segments.                                            financial literacy.
               Prior-period comparatives have been restated to align          Asset Management
               with the new segments. The four segments of the Insignia
                                                                              This segment delivers strong and consistent returns to
               Financial Group are: Platforms, Advice, Asset Management
                                                                              clients with access to world-leading investment managers
               and Corporate.
                                                                              across a broad range of highly rated single and multi-
               Segment performance is measured based on segment               manager capabilities and other attractive investment
               underlying net profit after tax (UNPAT) basis as discussed     opportunities.
               in the Operating and Financial Review section of the
                                                                              Corporate
               Directors’ Report. Management believes that UNPAT is the
                                                                              Corporate costs include those of a strategic, shareholder
               most relevant measure in evaluating the performance of
                                                                              or governance nature incurred in carrying on business
               each segment.
                                                                              as a listed entity managing multiple business units.




               90 | Financial report
                        Information regarding the results of each reportable segment (excluding the statutory funds) is included below.

                                                                         Platforms               Advice                Asset               Corporate                 Total
                                                                                                                 Management




For personal use only
                                                                2022         2021      2022        2021       2022        2021     2022        2021       2022      2021*
                                                                 $m            $m        $m         $m          $m          $m      $m           $m         $m         $m

                            Management and service           1,158.1        548.9     585.9       500.7      310.6        123.0     0.1            –    2,054.7    1,172.6
                            fees revenue
                            Other fee revenue                   11.0         14.4      42.8        27.4        17.5         5.1        –         1.2      71.3        48.1
                            Share of profits of                     –            –      (1.3)       (1.4)      14.7         0.4        –           –      13.4         (1.0)
                            associates
                            Service fees and other            (206.9)        (79.3)   (409.4)    (363.4)      (52.2)      (51.7)       –         0.5     (668.5)    (493.9)
                            direct costs
                            Other revenue                        7.6           2.3       4.7        3.6           –         0.2     0.9            –      13.2         6.1
                            Inter-segment revenue               52.9           7.0       0.1        4.3         5.7           –        –         1.0      58.7        12.3
                            Inter-segment expenses               (5.7)       (11.6)     (0.4)       (0.5)     (52.6)       (0.2)       –           –      (58.7)     (12.3)
                            Gross margin from                1,017.0        481.7     222.4       170.7      243.7         76.8     1.0          2.7    1,484.1     731.9
                            continuing operations
                            Operating expenditure             (610.6)       (283.4)   (283.3)    (157.4)     (137.2)      (24.6)   (64.5)      (40.5) (1,095.6)     (505.9)
                            Finance income                       4.5           1.3       0.1          –           –           –     0.4          2.5        5.0        3.8
                            Finance costs                        (2.1)        (0.4)     (1.3)       (0.5)      (0.7)          –    (25.2)      (10.0)     (29.3)     (10.9)
                            Share-based payments                 (1.7)        (0.9)     (0.8)       (0.5)      (0.2)       (0.3)    (0.1)       (0.5)      (2.8)       (2.2)
                            expense
                            Depreciation of property &         (14.9)        (16.4)    (10.8)       (9.8)      (4.0)       (1.7)   (11.3)       (0.4)     (41.0)     (28.3)
                            equipment
                            Amortisation of intangible           (0.7)        (0.8)        –          –        (0.2)          –     (0.3)          –       (1.2)       (0.8)
                            assets
                            Loss on disposal of                     –            –         –          –        (3.3)          –        –           –       (3.3)         –
                            subsidiaries
                            Impairment expenses                     –            –      (4.4)         –           –           –     (3.4)          –       (7.8)         –
                            Income tax (expense)/             (118.0)        (54.8)    22.8         (1.8)     (24.5)      (15.1)   35.6         20.2      (84.1)     (51.5)
                            benefit
                            UNPAT from continuing              273.5        126.3      (55.3)       0.7        73.6        35.1    (67.8)      (26.0)    224.0      136.1
                            operations
                            Impairment expenses                     –            –         –     (199.9)          –           –        –           –          –     (199.9)
                            Other UNPAT adjustments           (115.5)        (67.1)    (65.6)       (7.6)     (15.0)       (2.7)    (0.3)      (11.6)    (196.4)     (89.0)
                            Profit/loss) from                  158.0         59.2     (120.9)    (206.8)       58.6        32.4    (68.1)      (37.6)     27.6      (152.8)
                            continuing operations
                            UNPAT from discontinued             10.5         11.7          –          –           –           –        –           –      10.5        11.7
                            operations
                            UNPAT for the year                 284.0        138.0      (55.3)       0.7        73.6        35.1    (67.8)      (26.0)    234.5      147.8
                            UNPAT adjustment from                (1.3)        (1.5)        –          –           –           –        –           –       (1.3)       (1.5)
                            discontinuing operations
                            Profit/(loss) for the year         167.2         69.4     (120.9)    (206.8)       58.6        32.4    (68.1)      (37.6)     36.8      (142.6)

                        *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30 Discontinued operations.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 91
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               3 Revenue
                                                                                                                                         2022          2021*
                                                                                                                                          $m              $m




For personal use only
                   Management and service fees revenue
                   Management and administration fees                                                                                 1,386.9          638.1
                   Financial planning revenue                                                                                           576.6          468.6
                   Other management and service fees revenue                                                                             91.2            65.9
                   Management and service fees revenue                                                                                2,054.7         1,172.6
                   Other fee revenue
                   Stockbroking revenue                                                                                                    5.3            3.3
                   Other                                                                                                                 66.0            44.8
                   Other fee revenue                                                                                                     71.3            48.1
                   Finance income
                   Interest income on financial assets measured at fair value                                                              4.1            0.3
                   Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost                                                          0.9            3.5
                   Finance income                                                                                                          5.0            3.8
                   Other revenue
                   Net fair value gain/(losses) on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                              4.4           (4.7)
                   Dividends and distributions received                                                                                    0.3            0.7
                   Sundry income                                                                                                         13.1             4.9
                   BT settlement income                                                                                                     –            58.8
                   Other                                                                                                                    –             3.2
                   Other revenue                                                                                                         17.8            62.9
                   Total revenue                                                                                                      2,148.8         1,287.4

               *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30 Discontinued operations.


               Accounting policies                                                              Other fee revenue
               Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified                         Other fee revenue, which includes dealer fees, performance
               in a contract with a customer. The Insignia Financial Group                      fees, and other fee revenue is recognised as performance
               recognises revenue when it transfers control over a good or                      obligations are satisfied over time.
               service to a customer.
                                                                                                Finance income
               Management and service fees revenue                                              Finance income includes interest income earned on fixed
               The Insignia Financial Group provides management services                        income investments measured at fair value and interest
               to unit trusts and funds operated by the Insignia Financial                      income recognised using the effective interest method on
               Group at normal commercial rates. Management and                                 cash and cash equivalents.
               service fees earned from the unit trusts and funds are
                                                                                                Dividend income
               calculated based on an agreed percentage of the respective
               funds under management or administration as disclosed                            Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date
               in the respective product disclosure statements and                              that the Insignia Financial Group’s right to receive payment
               are recognised as performance obligations are satisfied                          is established, which in the case of quoted securities is the
               over time.                                                                       ex-dividend date.

               Revenue from the provision of financial planning services                        BT settlement income
               together with revenue from the rendering of services                             One-off settlement income in 2021 in connection with the
               are recognised as performance obligations are satisfied                          termination of the platform relationship with BT Portfolio
               over time.                                                                       Services Ltd, net of debtors previously recognised.




               92 | Financial report
                        4 Expenses
                                                                                                                                                 2022           2021*
                                                                                                                                                   $m              $m




For personal use only
                            Service fees and other direct costs
                            Service fees expense                                                                                                607.0            444.4
                            Stockbroking service fees expense                                                                                      1.4             1.0
                            Other direct costs                                                                                                    60.1            48.5
                            Total service fees and other direct costs                                                                           668.5            493.9
                            Operating expenditure
                            Salaries and related employee expenses (excluding superannuation)                                                   684.1            321.6
                            Employee defined contribution plan expense                                                                            50.7            22.9
                            Information technology costs                                                                                        176.3             73.1
                            Professional fees                                                                                                     73.4            45.3
                            Office support and administration                                                                                     63.9            27.3
                            Occupancy-related expenses                                                                                            27.3             9.1
                            Marketing                                                                                                             12.1             6.0
                            Travel and entertainment                                                                                               2.1             0.3
                            Other                                                                                                                  5.7             0.3
                            Total operating expenditure                                                                                        1,095.6           505.9
                            Other expenses
                            Share-based payments expense                                                                                           2.8             2.2
                            Transformation and integration costs                                                                                  96.1            50.2
                            Legal settlement                                                                                                       2.0            24.3
                            Evolve21 costs                                                                                                         9.0            12.6
                            Evolve23 costs                                                                                                        11.3                –
                            Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                                41.0            28.3
                            Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                     85.8            59.8
                            Remediation costs                                                                                                     70.1            28.2
                            Loss on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                       3.3                –
                            Other                                                                                                                    –            11.8
                            Total other expenses                                                                                                321.4            217.4
                            Total expenses                                                                                                     2,085.5        1,217.2

                        *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30 Discontinued operations.


                        Accounting policies                                                              Salaries and related employee expenses
                        Expenses are recognised at the fair value of the                                 These entitlements include salaries, wages, superannuation,
                        consideration paid or payable for services received.                             bonuses, overtime, allowances, annual and long service
                                                                                                         leave, but exclude share-based payments. The accounting
                        Service fees and other direct costs
                                                                                                         policies for the major expense categories under this
                        Service fees and other direct costs include amounts                              definition are as follows.
                        paid to advisers, dealer groups and other suppliers in
                        the course of operating the products and services of the                         Short-term employee benefits
                        Insignia Financial Group. Examples of direct costs include                       Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured
                        custodian fees, audit services and the printing and mailing                      on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related
                        of client statements and other communications. The values                        service is provided.
                        are recognised at the fair value of the consideration paid
                                                                                                         A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be
                        or payable for the goods or services received.
                                                                                                         paid if the Insignia Financial Group has a present legal or
                                                                                                         constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past
                                                                                                         service provided by the employee and the obligation can be
                                                                                                         estimated reliably.


                                                                                                                                                    Financial report | 93
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Short-term incentive plans                                      Shares held by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust will contribute
               A provision for employee benefits in the form of an incentive   to the employee allocation of shares on satisfaction of
               plan is recognised when there is no realistic alternative       vesting performance hurdles. The Insignia Financial Group
               but to settle the liability and at least one of the following   has no right to recall placed shares. A third-party trustee




For personal use only
               conditions is met:                                              company acts as the Trustee of the Trust.

               • there are formal terms in the plan for determining the        Further information is included in Note 33 Share-
                   amount of the benefit;                                      based payments.
               • the amounts to be paid are determined before the time         Termination payments
                   of completion of the financial report; or
                                                                               Termination benefits or redundancy costs are recognised as
               • past practice gives clear evidence of the amount of the       an expense when the Insignia Financial Group is committed
                   obligation.                                                 demonstrably to a formal detailed plan without possibility
               Annual and long service leave benefits                          of withdrawal, or providing termination benefits as a result
                                                                               of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy.
               The Insignia Financial Group’s net obligation in respect of
               long-term employee benefits is the amount of future benefit     Information technology expenses
               that employees have earned in return for their service in the   Technology costs are expensed as they are incurred, with
               current and prior years plus related on-costs.                  the exception of costs relating to licences and right of use,
               Liabilities for long-term benefits that are expected to be      including software-as-a-service arrangements. These costs
               settled beyond 12 months are discounted using rates             are recognised as prepaid assets where relevant in the
               attaching to high-quality corporate bonds that most closely     statement of financial position and expensed to profit or
               match the terms of maturity of the related liabilities at       loss over the life of the licence.
               balance date.                                                   Transformation and integration costs
               In determining the liability for employee entitlements,         This includes transaction costs associated with external
               consideration is given to future increases in wage and salary   advisers, upfront costs of securing finance and internal staff
               rates, experience with employee departures and years            and specialist contractor costs relating to the acquisition
               of service.                                                     and integration of recently acquired MLC and ANZ Pensions
                                                                               and Investments businesses. This category also includes
               Employee defined contribution plan expense
                                                                               project labour costs, redundancy and termination costs,
               A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit        IT and other consultancy fees, outsourced hosting services
               plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into        and adviser recognition program costs directly related to
               a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive        transformation and integration of those businesses.
               obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for
               contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised      Amortisation of intangible assets
               in profit or loss in the years during which services are        The value of intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill
               rendered by employees. Prepaid contributions are                and brand names with indefinite useful lives, reduces over
               recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund         the number of years the Insignia Financial Group expects
               or a reduction in future payments is available.                 to use the asset, the useful economic life, via an annual
                                                                               amortisation charge to profit and loss. The values and useful
               Share-based payments expense
                                                                               lives ascribed are reflective of arms-length transactions and
               The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards         independent expert advice thereon.
               granted to employees is recognised as a share-based
               payment expense, with a corresponding increase in the           Impairment
               share-based payments reserve, over the year that the            Where there has been a technological change or decline in
               employees unconditionally become entitled to the awards.        business performance, among other impairment indicators,
               The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to              management reviews the value of assets to ensure they
               reflect the number of awards for which the related service      have not fallen below their carrying value. Should an asset’s
               and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be            value fall below its carrying value, an impairment charge
               met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an           is made against profit.
               expense is based on the number of awards that meet the
                                                                               Remediation costs
               related service and non-market performance conditions
               at vesting date.                                                Remediation costs relate to movements in remediation
                                                                               provisions on the Group’s various structured remediation
               The fair value at grant date is independently determined        programs, other than payments to clients or advisers, which
               where considered appropriate.                                   are recorded directly against the provision.



               94 | Financial report
                        5 Income taxes
                                                                                                                                                          2022           2021*
                                                                                                                                                           $m               $m




For personal use only
                            Current tax expense
                            Current year                                                                                                                  (18.8)           16.6
                            Adjustment for prior years                                                                                                     1.9              (4.9)
                            Taxable losses not recognised                                                                                                  0.6                 –
                                                                                                                                                          (16.3)           11.7
                            Deferred tax expense
                            Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                             28.6              (4.0)
                            Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the deferred tax of prior years                                      (0.3)            3.5
                                                                                                                                                          28.3              (0.5)
                            Total income tax expense                                                                                                      12.0             11.2
                        *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30 Discontinued operations.


                            Income tax recognised directly in equity                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                                                                                                           $m               $m
                            Equity raising costs
                            Before tax                                                                                                                        –           (20.5)
                            Tax benefit                                                                                                                       –             6.1
                            Net of tax                                                                                                                        –           (14.4)


                            Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income                                2022                                        2021
                                                                                                               $m                                          $m
                                                                                                 Before          Tax          Net of        Before            Tax        Net of
                                                                                                    tax      expense            tax            tax        expense          tax
                            Financial assets measured at fair value through other                    (0.5)          0.2          (0.3)           (27.9)           8.5     (19.4)
                            comprehensive income (OCI)
                            Remeasurement of defined benefit asset                                   4.4          (1.4)          3.0               0.8        (0.2)         0.6
                            Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                   0.2              –          0.2               0.2        (0.1)         0.1
                                                                                                     4.1          (1.2)          2.9             (26.9)        8.2        (18.7)


                                                                                                                          2022                               2021*
                                                                                                                          %               $m                 %              $m
                            Reconciliation of effective tax rate
                            Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing operations                                                          39.6                            (141.6)
                            Tax expense/(benefit) using domestic tax rate                                             30.0               11.9             30.0            (42.5)
                            Tax effect of:
                             Share of tax credits with statutory funds                                                                    0.6                               1.4
                             (Non-assessable income)/non-deductible expenses                                                             (2.3)                              2.3
                             Capital loss not previously recognised                                                                        –                                (6.7)
                             Impairment of goodwill and investments                                                                       2.3                              60.0
                             Share of net profits of associates                                                                          (2.5)                              0.3
                             Assessable associate and subsidiary dividends                                                                2.1                               (0.6)
                             Revenue loss not recognised                                                                                  0.6                                  –
                             Imputation and foreign tax credits                                                                          (1.6)                              (0.3)
                             Other                                                                                                       (0.7)                              (1.2)
                             Under/(over) provided in prior periods                                                                       1.6                               (1.5)
                            Total income tax expense                                                                  30.3               12.0              (7.9)           11.2
                        *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30 Discontinued operations.
                                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 95
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               For statutory reporting purposes, Insignia Financial Group had an effective tax rate of 30.3% on its continuing operations
               for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: negative 7.9%) compared to a statutory corporate tax rate of 30%. This rate difference
               is primarily due to impairment of goodwill and investments, research and development (R&D) tax offsets, prior period
               amendments, and the transfer of deductions to the statutory funds in accordance with the taxation of insurance companies.




For personal use only
               For the year ended 30 June 2021, the rate difference was primarily due to similar factors, in addition to the tax benefit on prior
               year capital losses not previously recognised, and non-deductible subsidiary acquisition costs.

                                                                                                                              2022           2021*

                                                                                                                                $m             $m

                Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                Deferred tax assets from temporary differences:
                Salaries and related employee expenses                                                                         56.9           61.8
                Provisions, accruals and creditors                                                                           105.1           215.8
                Carry-forward capital and revenue losses                                                                       14.3            0.2
                Lease liability                                                                                                54.0           35.9
                Other                                                                                                          15.0            9.0
                Deferred tax asset balance as at 30 June                                                                     245.3           322.7
                Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                                           (245.3)        (322.7)
                Net deferred tax asset balance as at 30 June                                                                      –                 –
                Deferred tax liability from temporary differences:
                Unrealised gains – corporate                                                                                    6.9            6.3
                Unrealised gains – statutory**                                                                                 (9.5)          28.5
                Customer relationships                                                                                       200.3           224.9
                Property and equipment                                                                                         51.4           33.2
                Customer remediation indemnity                                                                                 12.2           55.3
                Other                                                                                                           5.4            6.5
                Deferred tax liability balance as at 30 June                                                                 266.7           354.7
                Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                                (245.3)        (322.7)
                Net deferred tax liability balance as at 30 June                                                               21.4           32.0
                Reconciliation of movements
                Net carrying amounts at the beginning of the year                                                             (32.0)         (20.3)
                Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                        –            8.0
                Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                                                                          (28.0)           0.5
                Credited/(charged) to profit or loss – statutory funds                                                         38.0          (35.2)
                Temporary differences directly attributable to equity                                                          (1.2)          14.3
                Discontinued operations                                                                                         0.5            0.7
                Reclassification to held for sale                                                                               1.3                 –
                Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                        (21.4)         (32.0)
                Unrecognised deferred tax assets
                Tax losses                                                                                                      5.3           10.1
                Potential tax benefit at the Australian tax rate of 30%                                                         1.6            3.0

               * Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30 Discontinued operations.
               ** Refer to Note 31 Statutory funds.




               96 | Financial report
                        Accounting policies                                                            combination and that affects neither accounting nor
                                                                                                       taxable profit or loss;
                        Income tax
                        Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Current
                                                                                                    • temporary differences related to investments in
                                                                                                       subsidiaries and associates to the extent that the Insignia




For personal use only
                        and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except
                                                                                                       Financial Group is able to control the timing of the
                        to the extent that it relates to a business combination,
                                                                                                       reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
                        or items recognised directly in equity or in other
                                                                                                       that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
                        comprehensive income.
                                                                                                    • taxable temporary differences arising on the initial
                        Current tax
                                                                                                       recognition of goodwill.
                        Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on
                                                                                                    Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected
                        the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted
                                                                                                    to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
                        or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any
                                                                                                    based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively
                        adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
                                                                                                    enacted by the reporting date.
                        Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.
                                                                                                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is
                        Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain
                                                                                                    a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and
                        criteria are met.
                                                                                                    liabilities and when deferred tax balances relate to the same
                        Deferred tax                                                                taxation authority.
                        Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary
                                                                                                    Tax consolidation
                        differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                                                                                                    Insignia Financial Ltd and its wholly owned Australian
                        and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
                                                                                                    resident entities (including IOOF Ltd statutory funds) are
                        amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
                                                                                                    part of a tax-consolidated group under Australian taxation
                        recognised for:
                                                                                                    law. As a consequence, all members of the tax-consolidated
                        • temporary differences on the initial recognition of                       group are taxed as a single entity.
                           assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business


                        6 Dividends
                        After 30 June 2022, the following fully franked dividends were declared by the Directors. The dividends have not been provided
                        for and there are no income tax consequences.

                                                                                        Cents per             Total               Date of payment       Franking
                                                                                           share
                                                                                                               $m

                         Final 2022 dividend                                                11.8              77.2           29 September 2022      Fully franked

                        The following dividends were declared and paid by the Insignia Financial Group during the current and preceding financial year:

                                                                                                         Cents per           Total       Date of        Franking
                                                                                                            share                       payment
                         2022                                                                                                 $m

                         Interim 2022 dividend                                                                11.8           76.6       1-Apr-22    Fully franked
                         Final 2021 dividend                                                                   9.5           61.7      22-Sep-21    Fully franked
                         Special 2021 dividend                                                                 2.0           13.0      22-Sep-21    Fully franked
                                                                                                              23.3          151.3
                         2021

                         Interim 2021 dividend                                                                 8.0           51.9      18-Mar-21    Fully franked
                         Special 2021 dividend                                                                 3.5           22.7      18-Mar-21    Fully franked
                         Final 2020 dividend                                                                  11.5           40.4      22-Sep-20    Fully franked
                                                                                                              23.0          115.0

                        The total dividends declared relating to earnings for the year ended 30 June 2022 amounted to 23.6 cents per share
                        (2021: 23.0 cents per share).

                        Dividend amounts shown are inclusive of any dividends paid on treasury shares.


                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 97
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Dividend franking account
                                                                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                                                                                 $m              $m




For personal use only
                Franking credits available for dividends to be declared on profits of the financial year                        52.2            78.7
                Impact on franking account balance from current tax asset recognised at 30 June, to be                          (38.7)          (4.4)
                received post year end
                30% franking credits available to shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd for subsequent financial               13.5            74.3
                years

               The above available amounts are based on the balance of the dividend franking account at year end adjusted for:
               • franking credits or debits that will arise from the payment of the current tax liabilities or the receipt of current tax assets; and
               • franking credits that the Insignia Financial Group may be prevented from distributing in subsequent years.
               The ability to utilise the franking credits is dependent upon there being sufficient available profits to declare dividends. The
               impact on the dividend franking account of dividends declared after the balance date but not recognised as a liability is to reduce
               it by $33.1m (2021: $32.0m).

               Franked dividends declared or paid during the year were franked at the tax rate of 30%.

               Dividend reinvestment plan
               The Company operates a dividend reinvestment plan (DRP), effective from the interim 2022 dividend, which allows eligible
               shareholders to elect to re-invest part or all of their dividend into additional shares in the Company. The DRP provides that a
               discount may be applied to shares provided under the DRP, at the discretion of the Company.

               7 Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                2022          2021*
                                                                                                                           Cents per       Cents per
                                                                                                                              share           share
                Basic earnings per share
                From continuing operations                                                                                       4.3           (25.9)
                From discontinued operations                                                                                     1.4             1.7
                Total basic earnings per share                                                                                   5.7           (24.2)
                Diluted earnings per share
                From continuing operations                                                                                       4.2           (25.9)
                From discontinued operations                                                                                     1.4             1.7
                Total diluted earnings per share                                                                                 5.6           (24.2)




               98 | Financial report
                        Basic and diluted earnings per share
                        The earnings and weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share
                        are as follows.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                       2022            2021*
                                                                                                                                         $m              $m
                         Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to owners of the Company                                              36.8           (142.6)
                         Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS                                                     36.8           (142.6)
                         Profit for the year from discontinued operations used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS from          9.2            10.2
                         discontinued operations
                         Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS from continuing operations                          27.6           (152.8)

                        *Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary and Note 30 Discontinued operations.


                                                                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                                                                      No. m           No. m
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic)                                                           649.6            589.3
                         Effect of unvested performance rights                                                                           2.6             1.3
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)                                                         652.2            590.6


                        Accounting policies
                        The Insignia Financial Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share for its ordinary shares. Basic earnings per share is
                        calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number
                        of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for treasury shares held.

                        Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the basic earnings per share for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary
                        shares, which comprise performance rights granted to employees.

                        At 30 June 2022, there were no options outstanding (2021: nil).

                        The average market value of the Company’s shares for the purpose of calculating the dilutive effect of performance rights was
                        based on quoted market prices for the year.




                                                                                                                                          Financial report | 99
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022


               Section 3 – Assets and liabilities

                     This section shows the assets used to generate the Insignia Financial Group’s trading




For personal use only
                     performance and the liabilities incurred as a result. Liabilities relating to the Insignia Financial
                     Group’s financing activities are addressed in Section 4.


               8 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                              2022               2021
                                                                                                                                $m                $m
                   Cash – corporate                                                                                          379.8           501.2
                   Cash – restricted as part of the ORFR*                                                                    133.9           164.9
                   Cash – statutory funds**                                                                                     4.3               4.6
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 518.0           670.7
               * Held as part of the operating risk financial reserves (ORFR) on behalf of superannuation funds.
               ** Refer to Note 31 Statutory funds.

               Cash includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with
               original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash.

               Restricted ORFR cash relates to cash held as part of the ORFR requirement on behalf of the superannuation funds. The ORFR
               is not available for distribution to the shareholders of the Company.

               Net cash provided by operating activities
                                                                                                                              2022          2021*
                                                                                                                               $m                 $m
                   Profit/(loss) after tax for the year                                                                       36.8          (142.6)
                   Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                     41.8               29.2
                   Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                          87.6               61.6
                   Impairment of goodwill                                                                                         –         199.9
                   Impairment of other non-current assets                                                                      8.8                 –
                   Loss on divestment of assets                                                                                   –              (0.4)
                   Fair value gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit and loss                              (4.4)               –
                   Loss on sale of subsidiary                                                                                  3.3                 –
                   Interest and other finance costs                                                                           29.3               11.1
                   Interest received and receivable                                                                            (5.0)             (3.5)
                   Dividends and distributions received and receivable                                                         (0.4)             (0.4)
                   Dividends received from associates                                                                         12.0                0.2
                   Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method                                       (13.4)              1.0
                   Bad and doubtful debts                                                                                      9.0                 –
                   Share-based payments expense                                                                                2.8                2.2
                   Changes in net operating assets and liabilities:
                    (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                                        59.2               41.7
                    (Increase)/decrease in other assets                                                                        (7.2)              6.6
                    (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets                                                             94.3          (160.0)
                    Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                                           95.6               (1.5)
                    Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                       (341.8)          (49.3)
                    Increase/(decrease) in income tax payable                                                                 (42.5)             (0.4)
                    Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities                                                        (60.7)        118.3
                    Increase/(decrease) in deferred taxes                                                                     (10.6)             24.2
                   Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                                                         (5.5)        137.8
               *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.


               100 | Financial report
                        9 Receivables                                                               The Insignia Financial Group considers a financial asset to
                                                                                                    be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit
                        Receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed
                                                                                                    obligations to the Insignia Financial Group in full, without
                        or determinable payments that are not quoted on an
                                                                                                    recourse by the Insignia Financial Group to actions such as




For personal use only
                        active market. They arise when the Insignia Financial Group
                                                                                                    realising security, or the financial asset is more than 90 days
                        provides money, assets or services directly to a debtor with
                                                                                                    past due. The maximum period considered when estimating
                        no intention of selling the receivable. Subsequent to initial
                                                                                                    expected credit losses is the maximum contractual period over
                        recognition, receivables are measured at amortised cost
                                                                                                    which the Insignia Financial Group is exposed to the credit risk.
                        using the effective interest method if are is held to collect
                        contractual cash flows and its contractual terms give rise to               Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate
                        cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest               of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                        on the principal amount outstanding.                                        value of all cash shortfalls (that is, the difference between
                                                                                                    the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the
                                                                           2022             2021*
                                                                                                    contract and the cash flows that the Insignia Financial Group
                                                                             $m               $m    expects to receive). Expected credit losses are discounted
                         Receivables – corporate                                                    at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. Loss
                         Trade receivables (net of                         84.1             144.7   allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost
                         provisions)**                                                              are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the assets.
                         Other receivables                                184.4             199.9
                                                                                                    Ex-ANZ AL remediation
                         Ex-ANZ Aligned Licensees (AL)                    300.0             285.5
                         remediation                                                                The ex-ANZ AL remediation receivable represents an
                                                                                                    amount payable under an arrangement with the ANZ
                         Security bonds                                      0.3              0.3
                                                                                                    Banking Group. This covers costs incurred and customer
                         Receivables – statutory                                                    compensation paid under the ex-ANZ AL remediation
                         funds***
                                                                                                    program up to a financial cap.
                         Trade receivables                                   0.5              0.5
                                                                                                    The receivable will be net settled with the ex-ANZ AL
                         Other receivables                                   1.4              1.5
                                                                                                    settlement payable at the conclusion of the program with ANZ.
                         Dividends and distributions                       53.8              39.7
                         receivables                                                                There will be no profit and loss impact or any cash settled on
                                                                                                    completion which is expected later in calendar year 2022.
                         Loans to policyholders                            60.8              66.7
                                                                                                    Impaired receivables
                         Total receivables                                685.3             738.8
                                                                                                    The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in profit
                         Current                                          680.9             735.4
                                                                                                    or loss within office support and administration expenses.
                         Non-current                                         4.4              3.4
                                                                                                    When a trade receivable for which an impairment allowance
                                                                          685.3             738.8   has been recognised becomes uncollectible in a subsequent
                        * Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.                     year, it is written off against the allowance account.
                        ** Including nil (2021: $0.6m) held as part of the ORFR on behalf           Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written
                            of superannuation funds.
                                                                                                    off are credited against other expenses in profit or loss.
                        *** Refer to Note 31 Statutory funds.

                                                                                                     Movements in the provisions for            2022           2021
                        Expected credit loss assessment                                              impairment of trade receivables
                        As at 30 June 2022, $12.0m trade receivables were past                                                                   $m              $m
                        due but not impaired (2021: $10.7m). The amount of the                       Carrying value at 1 July                    0.4             0.6
                        impairment provision was $9.4m (2021: $0.4m).
                                                                                                     Provision made/(written back)               9.0             (0.2)
                        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an                        Carrying value at 30 June                   9.4             0.4
                        ongoing basis. The Insignia Financial Group recognises loss
                        allowances for expected credit losses on financial assets                    Ageing of trade receivables                2022          2021*
                        measured at amortised cost. When determining whether                         not impaired
                        the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly                                                         $m              $m
                        since initial recognition, and when estimating expected                      Neither past due nor impaired*             82.0          134.9
                        credit losses, the Insignia Financial Group considers
                                                                                                     Past due 31–60 days                         2.9             5.8
                        reasonable and supportable information that is relevant
                                                                                                     Past due 61–90 days                         5.9             3.7
                        and available without undue cost or effort. This includes
                        both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis,                  Past due 91–120 days                        3.2             1.2

                        based on the Insignia Financial Group’s historical experience                Trade receivables not impaired             94.0          145.6
                        and informed credit assessment and including forward-
                        looking information.

                                                                                                                                                 Financial report | 101
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               10 Other financial assets                                                Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair
               Other financial assets include financial assets measured                 value through profit or loss
               at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets                Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through
                                                                                        profit or loss (FVTPL) include derivative assets (futures,




For personal use only
               measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
                                                                                        interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards),
                                                             2022                2021   investments in fixed income securities and investments
                                                              $m                  $m    in unlisted unit trusts.
                   Financial assets mandatorily
                                                                                        A financial asset is classified as FVTPL if the associated cash
                   measured at fair value
                   through profit or loss                                               flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.
                   Fixed income – corporate*               267.5             237.5      Upon initial recognition, attributable transaction costs are
                   Derivative assets – corporate**            0.3                10.3   recognised in profit or loss when incurred. Subsequent fair
                   Unlisted unit trusts – corporate           1.1                 9.3   value changes are recognised in profit or loss.

                   Unlisted unit trusts – statutory        964.1           1,058.4      Financial assets designated at fair value through
                   funds***
                                                                                        other comprehensive income
                   Financial assets designated
                   at fair value through other                                          Financial assets designated at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income                                                 comprehensive income (FVOCI) are equity securities
                   Equity investments – corporate             6.8                 9.4   designated as such upon initial recognition.

                   Total other financial assets          1,239.8           1,324.9      Financial assets measured at FVOCI are recognised initially
                   Current                                1,059.8          1,119.2      at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs
                                                                                        and are revalued through OCI at each reporting date.
                   Non-current                             180.0             205.7
                                                                                        Dividends are recognised in profit or loss unless it clearly
                                                         1,239.8           1,324.9
                                                                                        represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
               *   Held as part of the ORFR on behalf of superannuation funds.          Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI and will
                   The ORFR is not available for distribution to shareholders
                   of the Company.
                                                                                        not be reclassified to profit or loss.
               ** Includes $0.1m (2021:$0.3m) derivative assets held as part
                   of the ORFR.
                                                                                        Offsetting assets and liabilities
               *** Refer to Note 31 Statutory funds.                                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount
                                                                                        is presented in the statement of financial position when,
                                                                                        and only when, the Insignia Financial Group has a legal
                                                                                        right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle
                                                                                        on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
                                                                                        simultaneously.




               102 | Financial report
                        11 Property and equipment
                                                                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                                                                             $m              $m




For personal use only
                         Cost                                                                                                             361.2           260.6
                         Accumulated depreciation                                                                                         (153.1)         (114.8)
                                                                                                                                          208.1           145.8


                                                                           Office         Leasehold        IT assets     Land and    Right-of-use          Total
                                                                       equipment           improve-                      buildings         assets
                                                                                             ments
                                                                               $m               $m                 $m         $m             $m              $m
                         Balance at 1 July 2020                                3.0             11.2            20.8           1.5           97.9          134.4
                         Acquisition through business combination              0.4               –                 0.5          –            1.4             2.3
                         Additions                                             0.3               –                 9.0          –           30.3            39.6
                         Disposals                                               –               –                  –           –            (1.3)           (1.3)
                         Depreciation expense                                  (0.5)           (2.0)            (5.8)           –           (20.1)         (28.4)
                         Depreciation expense – discontinued                     –               –                  –           –            (0.8)           (0.8)
                         Balance at 30 June 2021                               3.2              9.2            24.5           1.5          107.4          145.8
                         Additions                                             0.7               –             19.6           0.1           96.5          116.9
                         Disposals                                             (0.2)             –                  –           –            (2.9)           (3.1)
                         Reduction under sublease                                –               –                  –           –            (3.1)           (3.1)
                         Depreciation expense                                  (1.0)           (1.8)          (11.0)            –           (30.1)         (43.9)
                         Depreciation expense – discontinued                     –               –                  –           –            (0.8)           (0.8)
                         Impairment                                              –               –                  –           –            (1.3)           (1.3)
                         Reclassification to held for sale                       –               –              (0.2)           –            (2.2)           (2.4)
                         Balance at 30 June 2022                               2.7              7.4            32.9           1.6          163.5          208.1


                        Recognition and measurement                                             Depreciation
                        Property and equipment are measured at cost less any                    Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line
                        accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment                 basis over the estimated useful lives of each component
                        losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable         of an item of property and equipment. Leased assets are
                        to the acquisition of the asset.                                        depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their
                                                                                                useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that the Insignia
                        The gain or loss on divestment of an item of property and
                                                                                                Financial Group will obtain ownership by the end of the
                        equipment is determined by comparing the proceeds from
                                                                                                lease term.
                        divestment with the carrying amount of the property and
                        equipment and is recognised net within other income/other               Items of property and equipment are depreciated from
                        expenses in profit or loss.                                             the date that they are installed and are ready for use, or in
                                                                                                respect of internally constructed assets, from the date that
                        Subsequent costs
                                                                                                the asset is completed and ready for use.
                        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying
                        amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,               The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative
                        only when it is probable that future economic benefits                  year are as follows:
                        associated with the item will flow to the Insignia Financial            • office/IT equipment 3–10 years
                        Group. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to profit              • leasehold improvements and right-of-use assets
                        or loss as they are incurred.                                                 3–10 years

                                                                                                Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are
                                                                                                reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 103
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               12 Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
                                                                                                                                          2022          2021*
                                                                                                                                           $m              $m




For personal use only
                   Cost                                                                                                                1,262.8         1,284.9
                   Accumulated amortisation                                                                                             (460.6)         (393.3)
                                                                                                                                         802.2          891.6
               *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.


                                                                     IT develop      Computer         Customer          Brand            Other           Total
                                                                          -ment       software     relationships        names       intangibles
                                                                             $m            $m                $m             $m             $m              $m
                   Carrying value at 1 July 2020                             2.9           4.2            444.5            58.6           14.9          525.1
                   Business acquisitions*                                      –          60.5            249.6          112.6               –          422.7
                   Additions                                                 1.1             –                 –              –            4.5             5.6
                   Amortisation expense*                                     (0.8)        (4.3)            (51.6)          (0.8)           (2.3)         (59.8)
                   Amortisation expense – discontinued                         –             –              (2.0)             –              –            (2.0)
                   Carrying value at 30 June 2021*                           3.2         60.4             640.5          170.4            17.1          891.6
                   Additions                                                 7.8             –                 –              –            3.2            11.0
                   Impairment                                                  –             –                 –              –            (1.0)          (1.0)
                   Amortisation expense                                      (1.2)       (16.5)            (64.6)          (0.8)           (2.7)         (85.8)
                   Amortisation expense – discontinued                         –             –              (1.8)             –              –            (1.8)
                   Reclassification to held for sale                           –             –             (11.0)          (0.7)             –           (11.7)
                   Carrying value at 30 June 2022                            9.8         43.9             563.0          168.9            16.6          802.2
               *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.


               Accounting policies                                                               Amortisation
               Intangible assets are non-physical assets used by the                             Amortisation is charged to the income statement over the
               Insignia Financial Group to generate revenues and profits.                        estimated useful lives of intangible assets unless such lives
               These assets include brand names, software, customer and                          are judged to be indefinite. Indefinite life assets are not
               adviser relationships. The cost of these assets is the amount                     amortised but are tested for impairment at each reporting
               the Insignia Financial Group has paid or, where there has                         date. The estimated useful lives are as follows:
               been a business combination, the fair value of the specific                       • brand names 20 years
               intangible assets that could be sold separately or that arise
                                                                                                 • IT development 3–5 years
               from legal rights.
                                                                                                 • computer software 2.5–10 years
               The value of intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill
                                                                                                 • other intangibles 5–10 years
               and brand names with indefinite useful lives, reduces over
               the number of years the Insignia Financial Group expects                          • customer relationships 10–20 years
               to use the asset, the useful economic life, via an annual                         Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are
               amortisation charge to profit and loss. The values and useful                     reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.
               lives ascribed are reflective of arms-length transactions and
               independent expert advice thereon.

               Subsequent expenditure
               Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases
               the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to
               which it relates. All other expenditure, including expenditure
               on brands, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.




               104 | Financial report
                        Indefinite life intangible assets (other                                                Impairment testing for the CGUs are detailed in Note 13
                        than goodwill)                                                                          Goodwill. Management’s assessment of value in use for each
                                                                                                                CGU supports the value of the intangible asset allocated to
                        The indefinite life intangible assets (other than goodwill) relate
                                                                                                                the CGU. Any reasonably possible changes to assumptions
                        to brand names. The aggregate carrying amounts of indefinite




For personal use only
                                                                                                                used in management’s assessment is not expected to result
                        life intangible assets allocated to each cash-generating unit
                                                                                                                in impairment.
                        (CGU) are as follows:

                                                                         2022                2021*
                                                                                                                13 Goodwill
                                                                           $m                  $m                                                                 2022           2021*
                            MLC                                          98.0                 98.0                                                                  $m              $m
                            Shadforth                                    51.0                 51.0                  Cost*                                      2,102.2          2,148.6
                            Plum                                         14.6                 14.6                  Accumulated impairment                      (297.7)          (297.7)
                            Lonsdale                                       0.5                 0.5                  Net carrying value of goodwill             1,804.5          1,850.9
                                                                        164.1                164.1                  Carrying value at 1 July                   1,850.9          1,465.5

                        *    Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.                                  Acquisition through business                      –           585.3
                                                                                                                    combination
                        In designating brand names as indefinite life, consideration                                Impairment of goodwill                            –          (199.9)
                        was given to the length of time the brand names have                                        Reclassified to held for sale                 (46.4)               –
                        been in existence and it was determined that there is no                                    Carrying value at 30 June                  1,804.5         1,850.9
                        foreseeable limit to the years over which the brand names                               *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.
                        are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Insignia
                        Financial Group.                                                                        Accounting policies
                        Impairment testing for cash-generating units                                            Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially
                                                                                                                measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost less
                        For the purposes of impairment testing, intangible assets
                                                                                                                accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill represents the
                        are allocated to the Insignia Financial Group’s CGUs. These
                                                                                                                future economic benefits that arise from assets that are
                        represent the lowest level within the Insignia Financial
                                                                                                                not capable of being individually identified and separately
                        Group at which the assets are monitored for internal
                                                                                                                recognised. Its cost is the amount the Insignia Financial
                        management purposes. Each CGU is not higher than the
                                                                                                                Group has paid in acquiring a business over and above the
                        Insignia Financial Group’s operating segments as reported
                                                                                                                fair value of the individual assets and liabilities acquired.
                        in Note 2 Operating segments.

                        Cash-generating units
                                                                                                     Goodwill                    Brand names with                Pre-tax discount rate
                                                                                                                                    indefinite lives
                            CGUs                                                     2022              2021*                  2022             2021*              2022             2021
                                                                                       $m                 $m                    $m                $m                 %                %
                            Platforms                                            1,449.7                   –                 126.2              91.2              13.3                 –
                            Advice                                                      –                  –                    7.8                 –             12.5                 –
                            Asset Management                                         354.8                 –                  30.1              21.4              13.2                 –
                            Australian Executor Trustees                                –               19.8                      –                 –                 –            16.3
                            MLC Wealth**                                                –              572.7                      –                 –                 –                –
                            Ex-ANZ Wealth                                               –              529.2                      –                 –                 –            14.2
                            Shadforth                                                   –              316.0                      –             51.0                  –            14.0
                            Platform                                                    –              347.5                      –                 –                 –            14.2
                            Investment management                                       –               39.7                      –                 –                 –            14.0
                            DKN                                                         –                 1.5                     –               0.5                 –            16.2
                            IOOF Ltd                                                    –               12.0                      –                 –                 –            12.1
                            Bridges                                                     –                 7.9                     –                 –                 –            15.8
                            Wealth Central**                                            –                 4.6                     –                 –                 –                –
                                                                                 1,804.5              1,850.9                164.1             164.1
                            Reclassified to held for sale
                            Australian Executor Trustees                              46.4                 –                      –                 –             15.1                 –
                                                                                 1,850.9              1,850.9                164.1             164.1
                        * Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.
                        ** 2021 discount rates not applicable for MLC Wealth and Wealth Central CGUs as both were acquired in 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report | 105
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated   CGU impairment sensitivity analysis
               to the Insignia Financial Group’s CGUs. These represent         Other than the Advice CGU, there is no reasonably
               the lowest level within the Insignia Financial Group at         possible change to a key assumption that would cause
               which the goodwill is monitored for internal management         the recoverable amount of the CGUs to fall short of the




For personal use only
               purposes. Assets that cannot be tested individually are         carrying amount.
               grouped together into the smallest group of assets that
               generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely     In relation to the Advice CGU, a change in the following
               independent of the cash inflows from continuing use of          key assumptions could cause the CGU carrying amount
               other assets or groups of assets (the CGU).                     to exceed its recoverable amount:

               During the year, the number of CGUs in the Insignia Financial       Advice CGU                                         2022
               Group has decreased from 10 to four following the Insignia          Changes required for carrying amount
               Financial Group’s organisational restructure. CGUs consist          to equal recoverable amount
               of Platforms, Advice, Asset Management and Australian               Increase in pre-tax discount rate                  2.6%
               Executor Trustees consistent with the Insignia Financial
                                                                                   Decrease in estimated future cash flows           18.0%
               Group’s operating segments and discontinued operations.

               CGU impairment testing                                          14 Payables
               The carrying amount of CGUs (including goodwill) is tested                                                    2022     2021
               for impairment annually or when there is an indication                                                         $m          $m
               of impairment. The Insignia Financial Group uses a value
                                                                                   Payables – corporate
               in-use approach in estimating the recoverable amount
                                                                                   Trade and other payables              204.7       256.0
               of each CGU.
                                                                                   Ex-ANZ AL settlement                  260.4       110.4
               Determination of the recoverable amount of the CGUs
                                                                                   Payables – statutory funds*
               requires the application of significant judgement when
               making assumptions about the future cash flows of each              Trade and other payables                   2.1         5.9
               CGU, discount rates and terminal growth rate:                       Total payables                        467.2       372.3
               • Estimated future cash flows are based on the 3-year               Current                               465.8       370.3
                   business plan approved by the Board of Directors and            Non-current                                1.4         2.0
                   an estimated long-term growth rate for years 4 and 5.                                                 467.2       372.3
                   Average growth rates for the 5-year period are 10% for
                                                                               *     Refer to Note 31 Statutory funds.
                   the Platform CGU, 1% for the AET CGU, 3% for the Advice
                   CGU and 17% for the Asset Management CGU;                   Ex-ANZ AL settlement
               • Pre-tax discount rates range from 12.5% to 15.1% (2021:       The ex-ANZ AL settlement is backed by a receivable
                   12.1% to 16.3%) for CGUs; and                               provided under an arrangement with ANZ that has been
               • A terminal growth rate of 2.5% (2021: 2.0%) is used to        recognised in Note 9 Receivables. It covers costs incurred
                   derive a terminal value for the period beyond five years.   and customer compensation paid under the ex-ANZ AL
                                                                               remediation program. The payable balance will be net
               In developing cash flows over the forecasting period, the
                                                                               settled with the ex-ANZ AL remediation receivable at the
               current economic conditions, the current and expected
                                                                               conclusion of the program with ANZ. There will be no profit
               performance of each CGU, the impacts of COVID-19 and other
                                                                               and loss impact or any cash settled on completion which
               macroeconomic conditions were considered.
                                                                               is expected later in calendar year 2022.
               The impairment assessment results in headroom in each
               CGU and there is no impairment of goodwill at 30 June 2022.
               Impairment of $199.9m was recognised in 2021 in relation
               to goodwill allocated to the previous Shadforth ($115.2m),
               DKN ($78.8m) and Bridges ($5.9m) CGUs. The impairment
               primarily reflected reduced profitability in the CGUs due
               to the termination of the platform relationship with BT
               Portfolio Services Ltd and the cessation of grandfathered
               revenue in the advice business.




               106 | Financial report
                        15 Other financial liabilities                                   Deferred purchase considerations are liabilities associated
                                                                                         with past acquisitions. The value of these liabilities rises and
                                                                    2022         2021
                                                                                         falls depending on performance hurdles achieved during
                                                                      $m           $m    the deferral period specific to each agreement. Performance




For personal use only
                            Financial liabilities measured                               hurdles may include revenue targets, gross margin targets,
                            at fair value through profit                                 funds under management, funds under administration,
                            or loss
                                                                                         funds under advice and supervision retention requirements.
                            Deferred purchase                         7.3         23.1
                            consideration – corporate                                    Where contingent consideration is due for payment after
                            Derivative liabilities – corporate      27.1          40.8   12 months, the estimated amount payable is discounted.
                            Investment contract                                          Assumptions for the discount rate used include pre-tax
                            liabilities – statutory funds*                               discount rates in the range of 3–4% which were based on
                            Investment contract liabilities        154.8        171.8    market interest rates upon acquisition of related intangibles.
                            with Discretionary Participation
                            Features (DPF)                                               Liabilities relating to statutory funds
                            Other investment contract              919.0        957.0    Policy liabilities have been determined in accordance
                            facilities                                                   with applicable accounting standards. Policy liabilities for
                            Total other financial liabilities     1,108.2     1,192.7    life insurance contracts are valued in accordance with
                            Current                               1,082.1     1,144.1    AASB 1038 Life Insurance Contracts, whereas life investment
                                                                                         contracts are valued in accordance with AASB 9 Financial
                            Non-current                             26.1          48.6
                                                                                         Instruments and AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                                                                  1,108.2     1,192.7    Customers. There are differences between the valuation
                        *     Refer to Note 31 Statutory funds.                          requirements of the accounting standards and those
                                                                                         of the Life Insurance Act 1995.
                        The Insignia Financial Group initially recognises financial
                        liabilities on the date at which the Insignia Financial Group    Insurance contracts
                        becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the             Insurance contracts with a discretionary participation
                        instrument. The Insignia Financial Group derecognises            feature (DPF) are those containing significant insurance
                        a financial liability when its contractual obligations are       risk at the inception of the contract, or those where at
                        discharged, cancelled or expire.                                 the inception of the contract there is a scenario with
                                                                                         commercial substance in which the level of insurance risk
                        Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                                                                                         may be significant. The significance of insurance risk is
                        through profit or loss
                                                                                         dependent on both the probability of an insured event
                        Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL include:                 and the magnitude of its potential effect. Life insurance
                        • interest rate and foreign exchange rate derivative             contract liabilities are calculated in accordance with
                              contracts;                                                 actuarial standards.
                        • issued investment protection derivatives;                      Once a contract has been classified as an insurance
                        • a compound embedded derivative; and                            contract, it remains an insurance contract for the remainder
                        • deferred purchase considerations.                              of its lifetime, even if the insurance risk reduces significantly
                                                                                         during the year.
                        Issued investment protection derivatives are term-based
                        investment protection products issued by the Insignia            Investment contracts
                        Financial Group. These products provide protection to            Contracts not considered insurance contracts are classified
                        investors over the investors’ capital or a minimum level         as investment contracts. The accounting treatment of
                        of income each year for a term of 10 or 20 years.                investment contracts depends on whether the investment
                                                                                         has a DPF feature. A DPF represents a contractual right to
                        The compound embedded derivative is associated with
                                                                                         receive, as a supplement to guaranteed benefits, additional
                        the subordinated loan notes (SLNs) issued by the Insignia
                                                                                         benefits that are:
                        Financial Group. The host contract is measured at amortised
                        cost and is included in Note 19 Borrowings.                      • likely to be a significant portion of the total benefits;
                                                                                         • distributed at the discretion of the insurer; and
                                                                                         • are based on the performance of a specified pool
                                                                                            of assets.




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 107
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Deposits collected and benefits paid under investment             The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of
               contracts with DPF are accounted for through profit or loss.      the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
               The gross change in the liability to these policyholders for      date, discounted using the Insignia Financial Group’s
               the year, which includes any participating benefits vested in     incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing




For personal use only
               policyholders and any undistributed surplus attributed to         rate is determined with reference to:
               policyholders, is also recognised in profit or loss.              • length of the lease;
               Deposits collected and withdrawals processed for                  • lessee specific credit risk; and
               investment contracts without DPF are accounted for directly       • secured borrowings adjustment.
               through the statement of financial position as a movement
               in the investment contract liability. Distributions on these      The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the
               contracts are charged to profit or loss as an expense.            effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is
                                                                                 a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
               Where contracts contain both an investment component              an index or rate; if there is a change in the Insignia Financial
               and an insurance component and the deposit component              Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable
               can be separately measured, the underlying amounts are            under a residual value guarantee; if the Insignia Financial
               unbundled. Premiums relating to the insurance component           Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise
               are accounted for through profit or loss and the investment       a purchase, extension or termination option; or if there is
               component is accounted for as a deposit through the               a revised in-substance fixed lease payment. When the lease
               statement of financial position as described above.               liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made
                                                                                 to the carrying amount of the related right-of-use asset or
               16 Leases
                                                                                 is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the
               The Insignia Financial Group leases properties for office
                                                                                 right-to-use asset has been reduced to zero.
               spaces and advice stores. At the lease commencement date,
               the Insignia Financial Group recognises a right-of-use asset      Short-term leases
               and a lease liability.                                            The Insignia Financial Group has elected not to recognise
                                                                                 right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases.
               The right-of-use asset comprises the initial measurement
                                                                                 The Insignia Financial Group recognises the lease payments
               of the corresponding lease liability, lease payments made
                                                                                 associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-
               at or before the commencement day and any initial direct
                                                                                 line basis over the lease term.
               costs. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost
               and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated                Amounts recognised in profit or loss
               depreciation and impairment losses. Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                            2022            2021
               are presented in Note 11 Property and equipment.
                                                                                                                             $m              $m
                                                       2022            2021       Income from subleases                      1.5             1.0
                                                         $m             $m        Interest charge                            (5.5)           (3.0)
                Lease liabilities                                                 Depreciation charge                      (30.1)          (20.1)
                Opening balance 1 July                124.9           114.4       Lease expense – short-term               (12.9)            (1.8)
                Net lease liabilities recognised        91.6           28.7       leases

                Payments made                          (30.3)         (21.2)                                               (48.5)          (24.9)

                Interest charge                          5.5            3.0
                Reclassification to held for sale       (2.3)                –
                Closing balance 30 June               189.4           124.9
                Current                                 31.8           21.4
                Non-current                           157.6           103.5
                                                      189.4           124.9




               108 | Financial report
                        17 Provisions
                                                                                                                                               2022            2021*
                                                                                                                                                $m                $m




For personal use only
                            Employee entitlements                                                                                             195.5            215.2
                            Advice remediation provisions                                                                                     196.4            377.2
                            Product remediation provisions                                                                                    148.2            296.8
                            Other provisions                                                                                                    5.6               3.8
                                                                                                                                              545.7            893.0
                            Current                                                                                                           445.3            793.1
                            Non-current                                                                                                       100.4             99.9
                                                                                                                                              545.7            893.0
                        *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.


                                                                                         Employee           Advice         Product           Other             Total
                                                                                      entitlements      remediation     remediation      provisions
                                                                                               $m                $m             $m              $m               $m
                            Balance at 1 July 2020                                           69.5             432.7           174.7            56.2            733.1
                            Acquisition through business combination*                        91.1                  –          164.5               –            255.6
                            Provisions made/(reversed) during the year                       85.2              58.0            27.7             3.9            174.8
                            Provisions utilised during the year                              (30.6)           (113.5)          (70.1)         (56.3)          (270.5)
                            Balance at 30 June 2021*                                        215.2             377.2           296.8             3.8           893.0
                            Provisions made/(reversed) during the year                       71.4              73.2             3.5            10.7            158.8
                            Provisions utilised during the year                              (85.6)           (254.0)        (152.1)            (8.9)         (500.6)
                            Reclassified to held for sale                                     (5.5)                –               –              –              (5.5)
                            Balance at 30 June 2022                                         195.5             196.4           148.2             5.6           545.7
                        *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.


                        Accounting policies                                                          A provision for employee benefits in the form of an incentive
                        A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the               plan is recognised when there is no realistic alternative
                        Insignia Financial Group has a present legal or constructive                 but to settle the liability, and at least one of the following
                        obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable                conditions is met:
                        that an outflow of economic benefits will be required                        • There are formal terms in the plan for determining
                        to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by                          the amount of the benefit.
                        discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax                      • The amounts to be paid are determined before the
                        rate that reflects current market assessments of the time                       time of completion of the financial report.
                        value of money.
                                                                                                     • Past practice gives clear evidence of the amount
                        Employee entitlements                                                           of the obligation.
                        The provision for employee benefits includes provisions                      A provision for restructuring is recognised when the
                        for remuneration in the form of incentive plans and                          Insignia Financial Group has approved a detailed and
                        expected leave benefits that employees have earned in                        formal restructuring plan, and the restructuring either
                        return for their service in the current and prior years, plus                has commenced or has been announced publicly. Future
                        related on-costs.                                                            operating losses are not provided for.

                                                                                                     Liabilities for incentives are expected to be settled within
                                                                                                     12 months and are measured at the amounts expected
                                                                                                     to be paid when they are settled.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report | 109
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Advice remediation provision                                     Other provisions
               In 2019, the Insignia Financial Group engaged an expert          Other provisions have been made for the present value of
               consultant to design the review methodology and estimate         management’s best estimates of legal settlements and other
               financial compensation relating to client remediation.           matters. The information usually required by AASB 137




For personal use only
               This was in response to the Australian Securities and            Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets is
               Investments Commission’s (ASIC’s) investigation as part of       not disclosed on the grounds that it can be expected
               its Wealth Management Project, conducting investigations         to prejudice the outcome of certain other litigation.
               into financial advice fees paid pursuant to ongoing service
                                                                                Estimation uncertainty
               arrangements. While Insignia Financial Group was not
               issued a notice under this review, the Group has a significant   Determining the amount of a provision, which represents
               number of self-employed and salaried financial advisers          management’s best estimate of the costs of settling the
               and is voluntarily undertaking its own review. The review        identified matters, requires the exercise of significant
               determines whether fee-paying clients under its licences         judgement. It will often be necessary to form a view
               were: a) provided with agreed services and/or advice;            on a number of different assumptions, including the
               b) supported with documentation evidencing appropriate           number of impacted clients, the average refund per
               provision of service and/or advice; and c) received advice       client, and associated remediation costs. Consequently,
               appropriate to their circumstances.                              the appropriateness of the underlying assumptions is
                                                                                reviewed on a regular basis against actual experience and
               Where client compensation is probable and able to be             other relevant evidence, and adjustments are made to the
               reliably estimated, provisions are raised. Compensation          provisions where appropriate.
               costs include return of service fees, estimated client loss
               as a result of inappropriate advice, interest for time value
               of money at ASIC’s expected rate of RBA cash rate + 6% and
               committed costs to resource the compensation program.

               $39.6m (2021: $175.1m) of the advice remediation provision
               is covered by an arrangement with ANZ and an offsetting
               receivable has been recognised. The provision is reduced
               by client remediation payments and program costs paid.

               Product remediation provision
               Product remediation provisions include remediation
               projects acquired as part of the MLC acquisition. These
               remediation projects were commenced under National
               Australia Bank Ltd (NAB) ownership and are a component
               of the completion net asset process with NAB pursuant
               to the Share Sale & Purchase Agreement.

               During the year, the purchase price allocation relating to
               the MLC acquisition was finalised. An adjustment of $13.8m
               was made in relation to product remediation and the prior
               period balance has been restated.

               Product remediation provisions are reduced by client
               remediation payments and program costs paid.




               110 | Financial report
                        Section 4 – Capital management and financing

                           This section outlines how the Insignia Financial Group manages its capital structure and related




For personal use only
                           financing costs, including its balance sheet liquidity and access to capital markets.


                        The Insignia Financial Group’s objectives when managing            A number of the Insignia Financial Group’s subsidiaries
                        capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going        are subject to externally imposed regulatory capital
                        concern, so that it can continue to provide returns to             requirements. The Board of each operational subsidiary
                        shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders, and to            manages its own capital required to support planned
                        maintain an optimal structure to reduce the cost of capital.       business growth and meet regulatory requirements.
                                                                                           These include:
                        18 Capital management
                                                                                           • capital requirements for the Australian Prudential
                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the
                                                                                              Regulation Authority (APRA) regulated subsidiaries
                        Insignia Financial Group may adjust the amount of dividends
                                                                                              for registrable superannuation entities (RSE)
                        paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, buy
                                                                                              licensees. Specifically, the following ORFR capital
                        back its shares on market, issue new shares, sell assets,
                                                                                              requirements apply:
                        or otherwise adjust debt levels.
                                                                                                                                   30 June 2022      30 June 2021
                        The Insignia Financial Group monitors capital on the basis
                        of investment capital, working capital and regulatory capital.                                                        $m               $m
                                                                                                  Capital requirements on ORFR
                        Investment capital
                                                                                                  ORFR target*                             461.9            504.2
                        Investment capital is the Insignia Financial Group’s capital
                                                                                                  ORFR held by the RSEs*                   401.5            403.3
                        that is not required for regulatory and working capital
                        requirements of the business. The investment capital                      ORFR held by funds                        94.1              93.9
                        is invested in:                                                           ORFR margin                               33.7               (7.0)
                        • bank deposits and debt note;                                        *     At 30 June 2022, the ORFR held by the RSEs includes $2.9m
                                                                                                    held as part of the assets of AET’s discontinued operations.
                        • subsidiaries;                                                             The related ORFR target is $2.2m.
                        • financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                                           • capital requirements for AFS licences;
                           comprehensive income;
                                                                                           • capital requirements for risks relating to the issued
                        • unit trusts, as investments; and
                                                                                              investment protection products; and
                        • Insignia Financial Group operated unit trusts,
                           as seed capital.                                                                                        30 June 2022      30 June 2021
                                                                                                                                              $m               $m
                        The investment capital is available to support the organic
                        development of new businesses and products and to                         Capital requirements on issued investment
                                                                                                  protection products
                        respond to investment and growth opportunities such as
                        acquisitions, as they arise. Seed capital is primarily available          Regulatory capital                        13.5              22.1
                                                                                                  requirement
                        to support the business in establishing new products and is
                        also used to support capital adequacy requirements of the                 Cash available to meet the                19.8              36.8
                                                                                                  capital requirement
                        statutory funds.
                                                                                                  Cash surplus                                6.3             14.7
                        Working capital
                        Working capital is the capital that is required to meet the        • capital adequacy requirements imposed by the Life
                        day-to-day operations of the business.                                Insurance Act 1995 in relation to the statutory funds.
                                                                                              Refer to Note 31 Statutory funds.
                        Regulatory capital
                                                                                           Regular monitoring of regulatory requirements ensures
                        Regulatory capital is the capital which the Insignia Financial
                                                                                           sufficient capital is available and appropriate planning
                        Group holds to meet minimum legislative and regulatory
                                                                                           is made to retain target surpluses to reduce the risk of
                        requirements in respect of its friendly society, issued
                                                                                           beaching regulatory capital requirements.
                        investment protection products and Australian financial
                        services (AFS) licensed operations. During the year, the
                        Insignia Financial Group complied with all externally
                        imposed capital requirements.


                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 111
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Insignia Financial Ltd is primarily the provider of equity capital to its subsidiaries. Such investment is funded by Insignia Financial
               Ltd’s own investment capital, through capital issues, profit retention and, in some instances, by debt. Subsidiary capital
               generated in excess of planned requirements is returned to Insignia Financial Ltd, usually by way of dividends.




For personal use only
               The syndicated facility agreements (SFAs) are in place as a safeguard against a temporary need for funds and to provide a short-
               term funding facility that allows the business to take advantage of acquisition opportunities as they arise. The weighted average
               cost of capital is regularly monitored. Funding decisions take into consideration the cost of debt versus the cost of equity with
               emphasis on the outcome that is best for shareholder interests.

               The Insignia Financial Group’s capital risk management strategy was not changed during the year.

               19 Borrowings
               This note provides information about the contractual terms of the Insignia Financial Group’s interest-bearing liabilities, which are
               measured at amortised cost.

                                                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                                                                   $m                $m
                Syndicated facility agreements                                                                                  589.3              474.5
                Subordinated loan notes                                                                                         182.0              174.1
                Total borrowings                                                                                                771.3              648.6
                Current                                                                                                              –                 –
                Non-current                                                                                                     771.3              648.6
                                                                                                                                771.3              648.6


                                                                                                                 SFAs            SLNs              Total
                                                                                                                   $m              $m                $m
                Opening balance 1 July 2020                                                                     457.9                –             457.9
                Drawdowns and issuance                                                                          591.0           174.1              765.1
                Repayments                                                                                      (575.0)              –         (575.0)
                Interest expenses and amortisation of borrowing costs                                              0.6               –               0.6
                Closing balance 30 June 2021                                                                    474.5           174.1              648.6
                Drawdowns                                                                                       194.0                –             194.0
                Repayments                                                                                       (80.0)           (2.0)            (82.0)
                Interest expenses and amortisation of borrowing costs                                              0.8             9.9              10.7
                Closing balance 30 June 2022                                                                    589.3           182.0              771.3

               Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are
               recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.

               Syndicated facility agreements
               At 30 June 2022, the SFA consisted of the following facilities:
               • $240.0m revolving cash advance facility with a 4-year repayment term and an original expiry date of 27 September 2022.
                   During the year, the Insignia Financial Group extended the maturity date of this facility to 27 September 2023. As at
                   30 June 2022, $25.0m of this facility was available (30 June 2021: $139.0m available);
               • $375.0m revolving cash advance facility with a 5-year repayment term expiring 27 September 2023. As at 30 June 2022,
                   this facility was fully utilised (30 June 2021: fully utilised); and
               • $250.0m revolving cash advance facility with a 5-year repayment term expiring 27 September 2023. As at 30 June 2022,
                   $250.0m of this facility was available (30 June 2021: $250.0m available).

               At 30 June 2022, the SFA facilities had a debt duration profile of approximately 1.2 years (calculated on a facility-limit basis)
               (30 June 2021: 2.0 years).




               112 | Financial report
                        On 16 August 2022, the Insignia Financial Group entered into a new $955m SFA. The new SFA is supported by six new and
                        existing lenders, comprising:
                        • a 3-year $340m revolving credit facility;
                        • a 4-year $290m revolving credit facility;




For personal use only
                        • a 4-year $270m term loan; and
                        • a 3-year $55m multi-option facility.
                        The new facility and structure provides improved flexibility, greater simplicity and improved terms.

                        Subordinated loan notes
                        SLNs are unsecured subordinated debt obligations issued by the Insignia Financial Group as part of the MLC acquisition in
                        May 2021. For financial reporting purposes, these SLNs contain a host contract and a compound embedded derivative that
                        is required to be recognised separately. The host contract is initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at
                        amortised cost, and it will accrete to the face value of the notes using the effective interest rate. The compound embedded
                        derivative is measured at fair value and is included in other financial liabilities.

                        Key terms are:
                        • 1% per annum coupon payable semi-annually. Step up to 4% per annum if the noteholders request redemption more than
                           42 months after the issue date and the Insignia Financial Group does not redeem.
                        • 5-year term with an early redemption start period of 42 months from completion (31 May 2021).
                        • Equity-linked redemption linked to any uplift in notional securities over a reference price (being a 15% premium to the
                           theoretical ex-rights price for the equity offer) and subject to adjustment.
                        • The Insignia Financial Group is permitted to accelerate redemption after 3 years if the volume-weighted average price is
                           at least 150% of the reference price ($4.42) or in case of certain tax changes.
                        • The holder is permitted to accelerate redemption at any time commencing 42 months after the issue date, subject to issuer
                           consent, or upon a change in control (acquisition by a person of beneficial ownership of 50% or more of the ordinary voting
                           power of outstanding voting shares or delisting or 15-trading-day suspension).

                        Reconciliation of movements in liabilities to cash flows from financing activities
                                                                                                                                      Borrowings

                                                                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                                                                                       $m                $m
                         Opening balance 1 July                                                                                     648.6            457.9
                         Changes from financing cash flows
                          Repayment of borrowings                                                                                    (82.0)          (575.0)
                          Drawdowns                                                                                                 194.0            591.0
                         Total changes from financing cash flows                                                                    112.0               16.0
                         Other changes
                          SLNs issuance (net settled)                                                                                    –           174.1
                          Interest expenses and borrowing costs                                                                       10.7               0.6
                         Closing balance 30 June                                                                                    771.3            648.6




                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 113
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               20 Share capital
               The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares. All issued shares are fully paid. The
               holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share




For personal use only
               at meetings of the Company. All shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

                                                                                                                             2022           2021
                                                                                                                               $m               $m
                653,860,581 fully paid ordinary shares (2021: 649,324,356)                                                3,017.2         3,000.6
                600,203 treasury shares (2021: 792,719)                                                                       (3.6)          (4.6)
                                                                                                                          3,013.6         2,996.0


                                                                                                   2022                          2021
                                                                                              No. m            $m           No. m               $m
                Ordinary shares
                On issue at 1 July                                                            649.3        3,000.6          351.1         1,970.8
                Issue of shares                                                                   –              –          298.2         1,043.9
                Transaction costs of issuing new shares (net of tax)                              –              –               –          (14.3)
                Issue of shares pursuant to dividend reinvestment plan                          4.6           16.4               –               –
                Transfer from employee equity-settled benefits reserve on exercise                –            1.2               –              0.6
                of performance rights
                Treasury shares transferred to recipients during the year                         –            (1.0)             –           (0.4)
                Ordinary shares on issue at 30 June                                           653.9        3,017.2          649.3         3,000.6
                Treasury shares
                On issue at 1 July                                                              (0.8)          (4.6)          (0.9)          (5.0)
                Treasury shares transferred to recipients during the year                       0.2            1.0             0.1              0.4
                Treasury shares on issue at 30 June                                             (0.6)          (3.6)          (0.8)          (4.6)
                                                                                              653.3        3,013.6          648.5         2,996.0


               Ordinary shares
               Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares and share options
               are shown in equity as a deduction, net of any tax effects.

               Treasury shares
               Shares in the Company that are purchased on-market by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust are classified as treasury shares and
               are deducted from share capital. Treasury shares are excluded from the weighted average number of ordinary shares used
               in the earnings per share calculations. The IOOF Equity Plans Trust is controlled by the Insignia Financial Group and is therefore
               consolidated. Dividends received on treasury shares are eliminated on consolidation.

               Dividend reinvestment plan
               2022 financial year interim dividend
               On 7 April 2022, 4.6 million shares were issued pursuant to the Company’s dividend reinvestment plan (DRP) at an issue price
               of $3.62 per share. A discount of 1.5% was applicable. The take-up of the DRP was 21.4%.




               114 | Financial report
                        21 Reserves
                                                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                                                                $m               $m




For personal use only
                         Equity investment revaluation reserve                                                                  2.0              2.4
                         Business combinations reserve                                                                          (0.3)            (0.3)
                         Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                     –              0.2
                         Operating risk financial reserve                                                                       2.7              2.7
                         Share-based payments reserve                                                                           0.6              (1.2)
                                                                                                                                5.0              3.8


                        Equity investment revaluation reserve                            22 Commitments and contingencies
                        The equity investment revaluation reserve comprises the          Operating lease commitments
                        cumulative net change in fair value of equity securities
                                                                                         Operating lease commitments relate to short-term leases
                        measured at FVOCI, net of tax.
                                                                                         and include short-term leases commencing in future
                        Business combinations reserve                                    financial reporting periods:
                        The business combinations reserve reflects historic
                                                                                                                               2022             2021
                        acquisitions of non-controlling interests, net of tax.
                                                                                                                                $m               $m
                        Foreign currency translation reserve
                                                                                          Within one year                          –            13.4
                        The foreign currency translation reserve comprises foreign
                                                                                                                                   –            13.4
                        currency differences arising from the translation of the
                        financial statements of the Insignia Financial Group’s foreign   Other commitments
                        operations, net of tax.
                                                                                                                               2022            2021
                        Operating risk financial reserve                                                                        $m               $m
                        The operating risk financial reserve is held for certain          Guarantees and
                        superannuation products that were previously held under           underwriting commitments
                        Australian Executor Trustees Limited and have been                Rental bond guarantees               27.3             22.0
                        transferred to I.O.O.F. Investment Management Limited as
                                                                                          Other guarantees                      0.6              0.4
                        Superannuation Trustee. Other similar reserves exist within
                                                                                                                               27.9             22.4
                        the Insignia Financial Group; however, these are generally
                        held by the relevant funds.

                        Share-based payments reserve
                        The share-based payments reserve arises on the grant of
                        performance rights and share options to executives and
                        senior employees under the employee share plan. Amounts
                        are transferred out of the reserve and into issued capital
                        when the shares are transferred to employees.




                                                                                                                                 Financial report | 115
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Contingent liabilities                                            • an action against OPC (and two companies outside the
               Contingent liabilities of the Insignia Financial Group exist         Insignia Financial Group) in the Federal Court in relation
               in relation to claims and/or possible claims which, at the           to alleged breaches of trustee obligations regarding the
               date of signing these accounts, have not been resolved.              investment of cash investment option funds and the




For personal use only
               An assessment of the likely loss to the Company and                  charging of fees relating to commissions;
               its controlled entities has been made in respect of the           • an action against NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited
               identified claims, on a claim-by-claim basis, and specific           (NULIS) in the Federal Court in relation to alleged
               provision has been made where appropriate. The Insignia              breaches of trustee obligations in deciding to grandfather
               Financial Group does not consider that the outcome of                commissions; and
               any other current proceedings, either individually or in          • an action against NULIS and MLC Nominees Pty Ltd
               aggregate, is likely to materially affect its operations or          (MLC Nominees) in the Victorian Supreme Court in
               financial position.                                                  relation to alleged breaches of trustee obligations
                                                                                    regarding the timing of transfers of accrued default
               Buyer of last resort facility
                                                                                    amounts to the MySuper product.
               Two subsidiaries of the Insignia Financial Group have
               contractual agreements with its planners to provide               While NULIS and MLC Nominees were acquired from NAB
               a put option ‘buyer of last resort facility’ should a planner     on 31 May 2021, subject to terms, NAB remains liable for,
               wish to sell their business on the satisfaction of certain        and retains conduct of, the third and fourth of those class
               specific requirements. The terms and conditions provide           actions outlined above pursuant to the terms agreed
               that where the specific requirements have been met,               between NAB and the Company.
               a predetermined purchase price will be payable for the            An assessment of the likely loss to the Company and
               business as agreed by all parties over a predetermined            its controlled entities has been made in respect of the
               period. Where certain terms and conditions have not               identified claims, on a claim-by-claim basis, and specific
               been met, the predetermined purchase price will be                provision is made where appropriate.
               discounted accordingly.
                                                                                 Based on the current information available, the Insignia
               As at 30 June 2022, the Insignia Financial Group had received     Financial Group does not consider that the outcome
               requests from planners that satisfied requirements to             of any other current proceedings, either individually
               exercise its obligation. The resale value of such businesses      or in aggregate, is likely to materially affect its operations
               purchased may differ from the cost to the Insignia Financial      or financial position.
               Group. Where confirmation notices have been received, the
               Insignia Financial Group has a fixed obligation to purchase       Other remediation matters
               the businesses at market value. The aggregate value of this       There are a number of remediation matters under
               fixed obligation is $1.5m (2021: $4.8m).                          investigation. The potential outcomes and total costs
                                                                                 associated with these matters remain uncertain.
               Class actions and potential regulatory actions
               Contingent liabilities of the Insignia Financial Group exist in
               relation to claims and/or possible claims which, at the date
               of signing these accounts, have not been resolved. The
               Insignia Financial Group is currently defending a civil penalty
               proceeding in the Federal Court of Australia commenced
               by ASIC against OnePath Custodians Pty Ltd (OPC) in
               relation to alleged improper communications to members
               regarding plan service fees. It is also defending the following
               class actions:
               • an action against the Company in the Federal Court in
                   relation to alleged breaches of the continuous disclosure
                   obligation for not disclosing alleged misconduct;




               116 | Financial report
                        Section 5 – Financial risk management
                        The Insignia Financial Group’s activities expose it to a variety   The Insignia Financial Group’s income and operating cash
                        of financial and non-financial risks.                              flows are indirectly impacted by changing market conditions.




For personal use only
                                                                                           Its exposure is through the impact of market changes on
                        Financial risks include:
                                                                                           the level of funds under management and administration,
                        • market risks (including price risk, currency risk and            and consequently management fee and service fee revenue.
                           interest rate risk);                                            Information has been provided below only on the direct
                        • credit risk; and                                                 impact of changing market conditions to the Insignia
                        • liquidity risk.                                                  Financial Group’s income and operating cash flows.

                        The nature of the financial risk exposures arising from            Impact of COVID-19 and other macroeconomic
                        financial instruments, the objectives, policies and processes      conditions
                        for managing these risks, and the methods used to measure          In preparing the financial report, the Insignia Financial
                        them are detailed in this section.                                 Group has considered the ongoing impact of COVID-19
                        Key non-financial risk exposures, such as operational risk         and other macroeconomic conditions in its adoption
                        and a failure to meet regulatory compliance obligations,           of significant assumptions and market inputs used in:
                        are discussed in detail in the Operating and financial review      • valuing the Insignia Financial Group’s financial
                        section of the Directors’ report.                                     instruments; and
                                                                                           • preparing disclosures for the fair value of financial assets
                        23 Financial risk management
                                                                                              and liabilities and financial risk management.
                        Risk management framework
                                                                                            The Insignia Financial Group has reviewed the
                        Risk is defined as the chance of an event occurring that
                                                                                           appropriateness of inputs to the valuation of financial
                        will have an impact on the strategic or business objectives
                                                                                           instruments and the disclosures for the fair value of financial
                        of the Insignia Financial Group, including a failure to
                                                                                           instruments. The fair value of the Insignia Financial Group’s
                        realise opportunities. The Insignia Financial Group’s
                                                                                           financial instruments may have been impacted by a variety
                        risk management process involves the identification of
                                                                                           of factors arising from changed business conditions as a
                        material risks, assessment of consequence and likelihood,
                                                                                           result of COVID-19. As a general principle, quoted prices in
                        implementation of controls to manage risks, and continuous
                                                                                           active markets provide the best available evidence of fair
                        monitoring and improvement of the procedures in place.
                                                                                           value. The Insignia Financial Group’s financial instruments
                        The Insignia Financial Group’s objective is to satisfactorily      are valued using directly observable inputs whenever
                        manage its risks in line with the Insignia Financial Group’s       possible as these are considered to be the most reliable
                        Risk Management Policy set by the Board, and this aligns           and appropriate evidence of fair value.
                        to International Standard ISO 31000. The Insignia Financial
                                                                                           Non-financial risks emerging from global inflation hikes,
                        Group’s Risk Management Framework manages the risks
                                                                                           tightening monetary policies, global geopolitical tension
                        faced by the Insignia Financial Group, with approaches
                                                                                           and global movement restrictions (including remote working
                        varying depending on the nature of the risk, through the
                                                                                           for staff, counterparties and service providers) have been
                        risk management policies, Risk Management Strategy,
                                                                                           identified, assessed, managed and governed through timely
                        Risk Appetite Statement and tolerances set, approved,
                                                                                           application of the Company’s risk management policies.
                        and monitored by the Board. The Insignia Financial Group
                        maintains a framework to ensure regulatory compliance              Management continues to monitor the impact of global
                        obligations are managed in accordance with Australian              economic uncertainty and further waves of the COVID-19
                        Standard 3806 Compliance Programs. The Insignia Financial          pandemic to the business environment including ongoing
                        Group’s exposure to all material risks is monitored by             assessments of market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk
                        Enterprise Risk and Compliance and this exposure and               associated with the business.
                        emerging risks are regularly reported to the Risk and
                        Compliance Committee and the Board.




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 117
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Market risk                                                         Credit risk
               Price risk                                                          Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will fail to
               Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future earnings of    meet its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss
                                                                                   to the Insignia Financial Group. Credit risk arises for the




For personal use only
               a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
               market prices (other than from interest rate risk or currency       Insignia Financial Group from cash, receivables, financial
               risk, as described later). The financial instruments managed        assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and
               by the Insignia Financial Group that are impacted by price          financial assets measured at other comprehensive income.
               risk consist of investment in unit trusts measured at FVTPL         The Insignia Financial Group mitigates its credit risk by
               and investment in equity instruments measured at FVOCI.             ensuring cash deposits are held with high credit quality
               Financial instruments measured at fair value are exposed            financial institutions and other highly liquid investments are
               to price risk as the market price fluctuates. The price risk        held with trusts operated by the Insignia Financial Group.
               associated with the units held in trusts is that the fair           Where investments are held in units in a trust operated by
               value of those units will fluctuate with movements in the           the Insignia Financial Group, that trust is subject to the rules
               redemption value of those units, which in turn is based on          of the trust deed and the investment in underlying assets is
               the fair value of the underlying assets held by the trusts.         subject to asset allocation guidelines.

                                                                                   Receivables consist of management fees receivable, service
               Sensitivity analysis on price risk
                                                                                   fees receivable and other amounts receivable from related
               At 30 June 2022, had the price of the units or underlying
                                                                                   parties. These counterparties generally do not have an
               equity exposure held by the Insignia Financial Group
                                                                                   independent credit rating, and the Insignia Financial Group
               in financial instruments measured at FVTPL increased/
                                                                                   assesses the credit quality of the debtor, taking into account
               decreased by 10% (2021: 5%) with all other variables held
                                                                                   its financial position, past experience with the debtor,
               constant, gains/losses recorded through profit or loss would
                                                                                   and other available credit risk information. In relation to
               increase/decrease by $67.6m (2021: $37.9m), and financial
                                                                                   management fees receivable, the Insignia Financial Group
               assets at FVOCI reserves would increase/decrease by $0.5m
                                                                                   is contractually entitled to deduct such fees from investors’
               (2021: $0.3m).
                                                                                   account balances, in accordance with the Product Disclosure
               Currency risk                                                       Statements, and pass the fees to the Responsible Entity or
               The Insignia Financial Group’s exposure to foreign exchange         Trustee. Due to this pass-through process, the embedded
               risk in relation to the financial instruments of its foreign        credit risk is considered minimal. Other receivables are
               activities is immaterial.                                           regularly monitored by management.

                                                                                   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date
               Interest rate risk
                                                                                   is the carrying value of the financial assets. The Insignia
               Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash
                                                                                   Financial Group does not hold any significant collateral as
               flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
                                                                                   security over its receivables and loans.
               changes in market interest rates. The financial instruments
               held that are impacted by interest rate risk consist of
               interest-bearing financial assets measured mandatorily
               at fair value through profit or loss.

               Sensitivity analysis interest rate risk
               For interest-bearing financial assets measured at fair value
               through profit or loss, a +/ – 100 basis points (2021: 50 basis
               points) change in the interest rate at the reporting date
               would have decreased/increased post-tax profit by $3.3m
               (2021: $2.8m), with all other variables held constant. Equity
               would have been lower/higher by the same amount.




               118 | Financial report
                        The Insignia Financial Group measures concentration of credit risk using Standard & Poor’s credit ratings or equivalents:

                                                                          AAA      AA+ to AA-        A+ to A-   BBB+ to BBB-      Not rated              Total
                         30 June 2022                                      $m             $m              $m             $m                $m              $m




For personal use only
                         Cash and cash equivalents                           –          518.0               –              –                –           518.0
                         Receivables                                         –              –               –              –          685.3             685.3
                         Other financial assets
                          Derivatives assets                               0.3              –               –              –                –              0.3
                          Fixed income                                    33.6           97.0           57.5            79.4                –           267.5
                          Unlisted unit trusts                               –              –               –              –          965.2             965.2
                          Equity investment measured at FVOCI                –              –               –            5.0               1.8             6.8
                         Total financial assets                           33.9          615.0           57.5            84.4        1,652.3           2,443.1
                         30 June 2021                                      $m             $m              $m             $m                $m              $m

                         Cash and cash equivalents                           –          670.7               –              –                –           670.7
                         Receivables                                         –              –               –              –          738.8             738.8
                         Other financial assets
                          Derivatives assets                               0.4            9.9               –              –                –             10.3
                          Fixed income                                    30.8           56.4           79.3            71.0                –           237.5
                          Unlisted unit trusts                               –              –               –              –        1,067.7           1,067.7
                          Equity investment measured at FVOCI                –              –               –            5.7               3.7             9.4
                         Total financial assets                           31.2          737.0           79.3            76.7        1,810.2           2,734.4


                        Liquidity risk
                        Liquidity risk relates to the Insignia Financial Group having insufficient liquid assets to cover current liabilities and unforeseen
                        expenses. The Insignia Financial Group maintains a prudent approach to managing liquidity risk exposure by maintaining
                        sufficient liquid assets and an ability to access a committed line of credit. It is managed by continuously monitoring actual and
                        forecast cash flows and by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. Temporary surplus funds are invested
                        in highly liquid, low-risk financial assets.

                        In addition, the Insignia Financial Group had access to the following bank borrowing facilities at 30 June 2022:
                        • $275.0m facilities available under the SFA (2021: $389.0m). The terms of these facilities are described in Note 19
                           Borrowings; and
                        • $55.0m (2021: $55.0m) contingent liability facility of which $31.5m was used (30 June 2021: $30.6m).
                        The liquidity requirements for licensed entities in the Insignia Financial Group are regularly reviewed and carefully monitored
                        in accordance with those licence requirements. The Insignia Financial Group continuously monitors actual and forecast financial
                        results to determine compliance with banking covenants.




                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 119
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Maturities of financial liabilities
               The tables below group the Insignia Financial Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining
               years at the balance date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed therein are the contractual undiscounted
               cash flows.




For personal use only
                                                                                          Less than      1–5 years        5+ year           Total
                                                                                             1 year
                 30 June 2022                                                                   $m             $m             $m             $m
                Payables
                  Trade and other payables – corporate                                       203.3             1.4              –          204.7
                  Ex-ANZ AL settlement – corporate                                           260.4               –              –          260.4
                  Payables – statutory                                                          2.1              –              –            2.1
                Total payables                                                               465.8             1.4              –          467.2
                Other financial liabilities
                  Deferred purchase consideration – corporate                                   7.3              –              –            7.3
                  Derivative liabilities – corporate                                            1.0           25.2            0.9           27.1
                  Insurance contract liabilities – statutory                                 154.8               –              –          154.8
                  Investment contract liabilities – statutory                                919.0               –              –          919.0
                Total other financial liabilities                                          1,082.1            25.2            0.9        1,108.2
                Leasing liabilities
                  Leasing liabilities – corporate                                              38.8          114.1           68.2          221.1
                Total leasing liabilities                                                      38.8         114.1            68.2          221.1
                  Borrowings
                  Borrowings – corporate                                                          –          771.3              –          771.3
                Total borrowings                                                                  –         771.3               –          771.3
                Total cash flows for financial liabilities                                 1,586.7          912.0            69.1        2,567.8
                30 June 2021
                Payables
                  Trade and other payables – corporate                                       254.0             2.0              –          256.0
                  Ex-ANZ AL settlement – corporate                                           110.4               –              –          110.4
                  Payables – statutory                                                          5.9              –              –            5.9
                Total payables                                                               370.3             2.0              –          372.3
                Other financial liabilities
                  Deferred purchase consideration – corporate                                  15.2            7.9              –           23.1
                  Derivative liabilities – corporate                                            0.1           36.5            4.2           40.8
                  Insurance contract liabilities – statutory                                 171.8               –              –          171.8
                  Investment contract liabilities – statutory                                957.0               –              –          957.0
                Total other financial liabilities                                          1,144.1            44.4            4.2        1,192.7
                Leasing liabilities
                  Leasing liabilities – corporate                                              26.0           88.0           21.6          135.6
                Total leasing liabilities                                                      26.0           88.0           21.6          135.6
                Borrowings
                  Borrowings – corporate                                                          –          648.6              –          648.6
                Total borrowings                                                                  –         648.6               –          648.6
                Total cash flows for financial liabilities                                 1,540.4          783.0            25.8        2,349.2




               120 | Financial report
                        24 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
                        The fair value of financial assets and liabilities traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the reporting date.
                        The quoted market price used for financial assets is the closing price. Where no quoted prices in an active market exist, the




For personal use only
                        Insignia Financial Group uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of financial assets and liabilities.

                        Fair value of the compound embedded derivative contained in the SLNs at Note 19 Borrowings is determined using a
                        MonteCarlo simulation to simulate different scenarios of the underlying equity prices.

                        For investments in fixed income and derivatives where no quoted prices in an active market exist, valuation techniques using
                        observable market inputs for financial assets with similar credit risk, maturity and yield characteristics are used.

                        Units in unlisted trusts are measured at the redemption price.

                        Fair value hierarchy
                        The fair values of financial assets and liabilities are equal to the carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial position.
                        The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method.

                                                                                                         Level 1         Level 2       Level 3           Total
                         30 June 2022                                                                        $m                $m         $m               $m
                         Financial assets measured at fair value
                         FVOCI – corporate                                                                   6.8                –           –              6.8
                         Fixed income – corporate                                                              –             267.5          –           267.5
                         Derivatives – corporate                                                             0.3                –           –              0.3
                         Unlisted unit trusts – corporate                                                      –               1.1          –              1.1
                         Unlisted unit trusts – statutory                                                      –             964.1          –           964.1
                                                                                                             7.1        1,232.7             –         1,239.8
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                         Derivatives – corporate                                                               –              20.6         6.5            27.1
                         Deferred purchase consideration – corporate                                           –               6.0         1.3             7.3
                                                                                                               –              26.6        7.8             34.4
                         30 June 2021
                         Financial assets measured at fair value
                         FVOCI – corporate                                                                   9.4                –           –              9.4
                         Fixed income – corporate                                                              –             237.5          –           237.5
                         Derivatives – corporate                                                             0.4               9.9          –             10.3
                         Unlisted unit trusts – corporate                                                      –               9.3          –              9.3
                         Unlisted unit trusts – statutory                                                      –        1,058.4             –         1,058.4
                                                                                                             9.8        1,315.1             –         1,324.9
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                         Derivatives – corporate                                                               –              31.8         9.0            40.8
                         Deferred purchase consideration – corporate                                           –              19.7         3.4            23.1
                                                                                                               –              51.5       12.4             63.9

                        The definitions of each level and the valuation techniques used are as follows:

                        Level 1: quoted closing prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

                        Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is,
                        prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices). Fair values are derived from published market indices and include adjustments
                        to take account of the credit risk of the Insignia Financial Group entity and counterparty.

                        Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 121
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Transfers between levels
               There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: nil).

               Level 3 financial assets and liabilities




For personal use only
                Reconciliation of movements in Level 3 financial liabilities                       Issued investment               Deferred purchase
                                                                                                protection derivatives                 consideration

                                                                                                  2022           2021            2022            2021
                                                                                                   $m              $m             $m              $m
                Opening balance as at 1 July                                                       9.0               –             3.4            4.8
                Acquisition                                                                          –             8.5             0.3            1.3
                Fair value movement                                                                (2.5)           0.5              –               –
                Adjustments to deferred purchase consideration                                       –               –            (1.6)           (0.8)
                Settlement of deferred purchase consideration                                        –               –            (0.8)           (1.9)
                Closing balance as at 30 June                                                      6.5             9.0            1.3             3.4

               There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: nil).

               Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the following:
               • Deferred purchase consideration in respect of client lists purchased by the Insignia Financial Group is valued at the best
                   estimate of the amount payable under the relevant contracts. The amount of deferred consideration payable is linked to the
                   retention of clients, which is an unobservable input and may decrease the value of the liability.
               • Issued investment protection derivatives are term-based investment protection products issued by the Insignia Financial
                   Group. These products provide protection to investors’ capital or a minimum level of income each year for a term of 10 or 20
                   years. These derivatives are measured using market standard valuation models and assumptions. Significant unobservable
                   inputs include the underlying investments’ growth rate and the risk-free interest rate assumptions.

                   A 1% (-1%) increase (decrease) in the underlying investments’ growth rate assumption would result in a decrease (increase)
                   in fair value by $0.6m (2021: $0.1m), holding all other variables constant. A 1% (-1%) increase (decrease) in the risk-free interest
                   rate assumption would result in a decrease (increase) in fair value by $2.5m (2021: $6.7m), holding all other variables constant.




               122 | Financial report
                        Section 6 – Group entities
                        25 Parent entity financials
                        As at and throughout the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the parent entity of the Insignia Financial Group was Insignia




For personal use only
                        Financial Ltd (previously IOOF Holdings Ltd).

                                                                                                                                     2022            2021*

                                                                                                                                       $m               $m

                            Result of the parent entity
                            Profit for the year                                                                                      283.2             60.9
                            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                 283.2              60.9
                            Financial position of parent entity at year end
                            Current assets                                                                                            70.0             17.4
                            Total assets                                                                                           3,960.4         3,705.7
                            Current liabilities                                                                                       37.6             36.0
                            Total liabilities                                                                                       819.9            715.5
                            Total equity of the parent entity comprising:
                            Share capital                                                                                          3,017.2          3,000.6
                            Share-based payments reserve                                                                               4.8              3.1
                            Retained earnings/(accumulated losses)                                                                  118.5             (13.5)
                            Total equity                                                                                           3,140.5         2,990.2

                        *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.


                        Parent entity contingent liabilities
                        Contingent liabilities of Insignia Financial Ltd exist in relation to claims and/or possible claims that, at the date of signing
                        these accounts, have not been resolved. An assessment of the likely loss to the Company and its controlled entities has been
                        made in respect of the identified claims, on a claim-by-claim basis, and specific provision has been made where appropriate.
                        Insignia Financial Ltd does not consider that the outcome of any other current proceedings, either individually or in aggregate,
                        is likely to materially affect its operations or its financial position. Refer to Note 22 Commitments and contingencies for
                        further information.

                                                                                                                                     2022              2021

                                                                                                                                       $m               $m

                            Guarantees and commitments
                            Rental bond guarantees                                                                                     1.4              1.6
                            AFSL guarantee                                                                                             6.0                 –
                            Other guarantee                                                                                            0.1                 –




                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 123
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               26 Subsidiaries
               Set out below is a list of material subsidiaries of the Insignia Financial Group.

                                                                                                      Country of    Ownership interest




For personal use only
                                                                                                   incorporation
                                                                                                                   2022          2021
                                                                                                                     %              %

                Parent entity
                Insignia Financial Ltd (previously IOOF Holdings Ltd)                                  Australia
                Material subsidiaries
                Australian Executor Trustees Limited                                                   Australia   100            100
                Bridges Financial Services Pty Limited                                                 Australia   100            100
                Consultum Financial Advisers Pty Ltd                                                   Australia   100            100
                Godfrey Pembroke Group Pty Limited                                                     Australia   100            100
                I.O.O.F. Investment Management Limited                                                 Australia   100            100
                IOOF Ltd                                                                               Australia   100            100
                IOOF Equity Plans Trust                                                                Australia   100            100
                IOOF Service Co Pty Ltd                                                                Australia   100            100
                IOOF Investment Services Ltd                                                           Australia   100            100
                Lonsdale Financial Group Limited                                                       Australia   100            100
                SFG Australia Limited                                                                  Australia   100            100
                Financial Acuity Limited                                                               Australia   100            100
                Shadforth Financial Group Limited                                                      Australia   100            100
                Actuate Alliance Services Pty Ltd                                                      Australia   100            100
                Millennium 3 Financial Services Pty Ltd                                                Australia   100            100
                OnePath Custodians Pty Limited                                                         Australia   100            100
                OnePath Administration Pty Limited                                                     Australia   100            100
                OnePath Investment Holdings Pty Limited                                                Australia   100            100
                Oasis Asset Management Limited                                                         Australia   100            100
                Oasis Fund Management Limited                                                          Australia   100            100
                Mercantile Mutual Financial Services Pty Limited                                       Australia   100            100
                Global One Alternative Investments Management Pty Ltd                                  Australia   100            100
                OnePath Funds Management Limited                                                       Australia   100            100
                MLC Wealth Limited                                                                     Australia   100            100
                Antares Capital Partners Ltd                                                           Australia   100            100
                MLC Asset Management Pty Limited                                                       Australia   100            100
                MLC Asset Management Services Limited                                                  Australia   100            100
                MLC Investments Limited                                                                Australia   100            100
                Navigator Australia Limited                                                            Australia   100            100
                NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                     Australia   100            100




               124 | Financial report
                        Unconsolidated structured entities
                        The Insignia Financial Group has interests in various structured entities that are not consolidated. An ‘interest’ in an
                        unconsolidated structured entity is any form of contractual or non-contractual involvement that exposes the Insignia Financial
                        Group to variability of returns from the performance of that entity. Such interests include holdings of seed capital for the




For personal use only
                        purpose of supporting the establishment of new products.

                        The Insignia Financial Group has investments in managed investment funds through its asset management subsidiaries. Control
                        of these managed investment funds may exist since the Insignia Financial Group has power over the activities of the fund.
                        However, these funds have not been consolidated because the Insignia Financial Group is not exposed to significant variability
                        in returns from the funds. The Insignia Financial Group earns management fees from the management of these investment
                        funds that are commensurate with the services provided and are reported in external management and service fees revenue
                        in Note 3 Revenue. Management fees are generally based on the value of the assets under management. Therefore, the fees
                        earned are impacted by the composition of the assets under management and fluctuations in financial markets.

                        Investment funds are investment vehicles that consist of a pool of funds collected from several investors for the purpose of
                        investing in securities such as money market instruments, debt securities, equity securities and other similar assets. For all
                        investment funds, the Insignia Financial Group’s maximum exposure to loss is $452,822 (2021: $457,687) which is the carrying
                        amount of the investment in the fund.

                        27 Acquisition of subsidiary
                        Purchase price allocation for MLC acquisition
                        The purchase price allocation (PPA) for the MLC business acquired on 31 May 2021 was finalised during the current financial year.
                        The result of this was an increase in identified intangibles acquired, the recognition of amortisation on identified intangibles, the
                        recalculation of goodwill associated with the acquisition and adjustments to related income tax balances. These adjustments
                        have been recognised retrospectively in the comparative reporting period.

                                                                                                                        2021           2021             2021

                                                                                                                    Previous           PPA          Revised
                                                                                                                    reported    adjustment
                                                                                                                         $m              $m              $m

                         Purchase consideration                                                                      1,446.0            (5.7)        1,440.3
                         Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed                                          586.3          281.4            867.7
                         Goodwill                                                                                      859.7         (287.1)          572.6


                                                                                         2021           2021            2021           2021             2021
                                                                                     Previous     Acquisition   Discontinued    Reallocation        Revised
                                                                                     reported     accounting      operations
                                                                                           $m             $m             $m              $m              $m
                         Statement of comprehensive income
                         Revenue                                                      1,332.4               –          (40.0)           (5.0)        1,287.4
                         Expenses                                                     (1,247.6)           0.3           25.1             5.0        (1,217.2)
                         Impairment expense                                            (199.9)              –              –               –          (199.9)
                         Share of losses of associates                                    (1.0)             –              –               –             (1.0)
                         Finance costs                                                   (11.1)             –            0.2               –           (10.9)
                         Loss before tax from continuing operations                    (127.2)            0.3          (14.7)              –          (141.6)
                         Income tax expense                                              (16.3)           0.6            4.5               –           (11.2)
                         Loss after tax from continuing operations                     (143.5)            0.9          (10.2)              –          (152.8)




                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 125
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022


                                                                                    2021           2021       2021

                                                                             As reported     Acquisition    Revised
                                                                             at 31-Dec-21    accounting




For personal use only
                                                                                     $m             $m          $m

                Statement of financial position
                Assets
                Cash                                                               670.7              –      670.7
                Receivables                                                        733.4            5.4      738.8
                Other financial assets                                           1,324.9              –     1,324.9
                Current tax assets                                                   1.8            (1.1)       0.7
                Other assets                                                        20.8              –       20.8
                Property and equipment                                             145.8              –      145.8
                Net defined benefit asset                                           17.2              –       17.2
                Associates                                                          37.6           57.5       95.1
                Deferred tax assets                                                118.3         (118.3)          –
                Intangible assets                                                  505.5          386.1      891.6
                Goodwill                                                         2,147.6         (296.7)    1,850.9
                Total assets                                                     5,723.6           32.9     5,756.5
                Liabilities
                Payables                                                           372.3              –      372.3
                Other financial liabilities                                      1,192.7              –     1,192.7
                Provisions                                                         893.0              –      893.0
                Lease liabilities                                                  124.9              –      124.9
                Borrowings                                                         648.6              –      648.6
                Deferred tax liabilities                                               –           32.0       32.0
                Total liabilities                                                3,231.5           32.0     3,263.5
                Net assets                                                       2,492.1            0.9     2,493.0
                Equity
                Share capital                                                    2,996.0              –     2,996.0
                Reserves                                                             3.8              –         3.8
                Accumulated losses                                                (507.5)           0.9      (506.6)
                Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company       2,492.3            0.9     2,493.2
                Non-controlling interest                                             (0.2)            –        (0.2)
                Total equity                                                     2,492.1            0.9     2,493.0




               126 | Financial report
                        28 Associates
                        Associates are those entities over which the Insignia Financial Group has significant influence, but not control, over the financial
                        and operating policies.




For personal use only
                        Details of the Insignia Financial Group’s material associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                            Associate                                        Year-end   Country of              Ownership           Carrying                Share of
                                                                                        incorporation             interest             value              profit/(loss)
                                                                                                           2022      2021    2022       2021*      2022           2021
                                                                                                                %       %     $m          $m            $m          $m

                            Intermede Investment Partners Limited            31-Dec     UK                  40.0     40.0    55.4        53.9           8.2         0.5
                            JANA Investment Advisers Pty Ltd                 30-Sep     Australia           45.0     45.0    27.5        26.9           3.8         0.5
                            Fairview Equity Partners Pty Ltd                 30-Sep     Australia           40.0     40.0     4.2         3.1           2.7        (0.7)
                            Other associates                                                                                  1.4        11.2          (1.3)       (1.3)
                                                                                                                             88.5        95.1       13.4           (1.0)

                        *     Restated. Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary.


                        Intermede Investment Partners Limited (Intermede) is an institutional global equity fund manager focused on global
                        equity strategy.

                        JANA Investment Advisers Pty Ltd (JANA) is an Australian-based investment consulting company that provides investment
                        consulting services to institutional clients including corporate, industry and public sector superannuation funds as well as
                        charities, insurers, foundations and endowment funds.

                        Fairview Equity Partners Pty Ltd (Fairview) is a boutique Australian Fund manager exclusively focused on investing in Australian
                        small companies’ equities.

                        The following table summarises the 2022 financial information of the Insignia Financial Group’s material associates. All fair values
                        and accounting policies of the associates are consistent with those of the Insignia Financial Group.

                                                                                                 Intermede                    JANA                             Fairview
                                                                                        2022            2021        2022       2021             2022              2021
                                                                                          $m             $m           $m        $m               $m                $m

                            Beneficial ownership interest                               40%             40%          45%       45%              40%               40%
                            Current assets                                              22.3            20.5         16.3      15.2              6.5                2.3
                            Non-current assets                                            0.5            0.6         12.0       4.5              0.1                0.2
                            Current liabilities                                          (8.5)          (8.2)       (14.2)     (13.2)           (0.6)              (0.3)
                            Non-current liabilities                                          –             –         (8.5)      (2.1)              –                 –
                            Net assets (100%)                                           14.3            12.9          5.6       4.4              6.0               2.2
                            Insignia Financial Group’s share of net assets                5.7            5.1          2.5       2.0              2.4                0.9
                            Intangibles on investment                                   49.7            48.8         25.0      24.9              1.8                2.2
                            Carrying value of interest in associates                    55.4            53.9         27.5      26.9              4.2               3.1
                            Revenue (100%)                                              36.3             2.6         53.8       4.6             11.3                0.6
                            Profit and total comprehensive income (100%)                20.5             1.2          8.6       1.1              6.7                0.3
                            Profit and total comprehensive income (% interest)            8.2            0.5          3.8       0.5              2.7               (0.7)
                            Total profit and total comprehensive income                   8.2            0.5          3.8       0.5              2.7               (0.7)
                            Dividends received by the Group                               6.7              –          3.3           –            1.6                 –

                        None of the Insignia Financial Group’s equity-accounted investees are publicly listed entities and consequently do not have
                        published price quotations.




                                                                                                                                                Financial report | 127
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               Dividends received from associates                              30 Discontinued operations
               During the year, the Insignia Financial Group received          Australian Executor Trustees Limited and
               dividends of $12.0m (2021: $0.2m) from its associates.
                                                                               AET PAF Pty Ltd




For personal use only
               Accounting policies                                             On 26 February 2022, the Insignia Financial Group
               Interests in associates are accounted for using the equity      announced that it was commencing a competitive sales
               method. They are initially recognised at cost, which includes   process for the AET businesses, including Australian
               any transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,       Executor Trustees Limited and AET PAF Pty Ltd
               the consolidated financial statements include the Insignia      (collectively AET).
               Financial Group’s share of the profit or loss and other         AET is a leading provider of professional trustee services
               comprehensive income of the associates, until the date          in Australia, with over 140 years of experience in providing
               on which significant influence ceases.                          specialised estate and trustee services. AET has leading
               An impairment loss in respect of an associate is measured       capabilities in Native Title, Compensation and Charitable
               by comparing the recoverable amount of the investment           Trusts, Wills and Estates and self-managed super fund
               with its carrying amount. Recoverable amount is the higher      administration and portfolio administration services.
               of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In       On 22 August 2022, the Insignia Financial Group executed
               assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are     a share sale agreement with EQT Holdings Limited (Equity
               discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount      Trustees) to sell 100% of its shares in Australian Executor
               rate that reflects current market assessments of the time       Trustees Limited and AET PAF Pty Ltd. Consideration
               value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which    for the sale is $135m to be paid in cash on completion.
               the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.      Completion of the transaction is subject to the satisfaction
               An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss and is       of conditions precedent and is expected to occur by the
               reversed if there has been a favourable change in the           end of calendar year 2022. The Insignia Financial Group
               estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.             will also provide a number of services to AET, including
               29 Related-party transactions                                   premises and technology support, under a transitional
                                                                               services agreement.
               Ultimate parent entity
                                                                               As part of this transaction, the Insignia Financial Group
               Insignia Financial Ltd is the ultimate parent entity in the
                                                                               and Equity Trustees have also entered a Strategic Alliance
               Insignia Financial Group.
                                                                               Agreement (SAA) under which the Insignia Financial Group,
               Investment in related entities                                  subject to best interest duties, will become the preferred
               Through one of its subsidiaries, the Insignia Financial Group   supplier of certain Administration and Adviser Platform and
               (excluding statutory funds) holds $452,822 (2021: $457,687)     Managed Investment Scheme services to AET and Equity
               investments in managed investment schemes that meet the         Trustees’ wealth customers. In addition, AET will become
               definition of related parties.                                  preferred supplier of Charitable Trusts, Small APRA Funds
                                                                               and Wills and Estate services to the Insignia Financial
               Transactions with key management personnel                      Group’s Corporate Superannuation members. A number of
               Key management personnel compensation                           Equity Trustees Wealth Services Limited products will also
               Details of key management personnel compensation are            be added to the Insignia Financial Group’s Investor Directed
               disclosed in Note 34 Key management personnel to the            Portfolio Services and Superannuation products.
               financial statements and in the Remuneration report section     For financial reporting purpose, the results of the AET
               of the Directors’ report.                                       businesses are presented as discontinued operations.
               Loans to key management personnel
               There are no loans between the Insignia Financial Group
               and key management personnel.

               Other transactions with key management personnel
               of the Insignia Financial Group
               There were no other transactions with key management
               personnel of the Insignia Financial Group during the 2022
               and 2021 financial years.




               128 | Financial report
                        Analysis of profit for the year from discontinued operations
                        Revenue, expenses and associated income tax in the financial statements and notes have been restated to a continuing basis,
                        where applicable, and therefore exclude the below results of the discontinued operations.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                                                                            $m              $m
                         Revenue                                                                                                           38.2            40.0
                         Expenses                                                                                                      (25.1)             (25.3)
                         Profit before tax from discontinued operations                                                                    13.1            14.7
                         Income tax expenses                                                                                               (3.9)            (4.5)
                         Profit after tax from discontinued operations                                                                      9.2            10.2
                         Profit for the year from discontinued operations                                                                   9.2            10.2
                         Profit from discontinued operations attributable to:
                         Owners of the entity                                                                                               9.2            10.2
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                                            –                 –
                         Profit for the year from discontinued operations                                                                   9.2            10.2
                         Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                         1.4             1.7
                         Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                                       1.4             1.7
                         Cash flows from discontinued operations
                         Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                         19.1            12.9
                         Net cash used in financing activities                                                                             (0.1)            (0.2)
                         Net cash provided by discontinued operations                                                                      19.0            12.7
                         Profit for the year from discontinued operations                                                                   9.2            10.2
                         Underlying net profit after tax adjustments:
                         Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                  1.8             2.0
                         Deferred tax on amortisation of intangible assets                                                                 (0.5)            (0.5)
                         UNPAT from discontinued operations                                                                                10.5            11.7

                        Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations
                        The Insignia Financial Group estimates that the fair value less costs to sell of the business is higher than the aggregate carrying
                        amount of the related assets and liabilities. No impairment loss has been recognised on reclassification of the assets and
                        liabilities to held for sale as at 30 June 2022.

                        Major classes of assets and liabilities of the AET businesses at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                                                                            $m
                         Assets
                         Cash                                                                                                                              12.8
                         Receivables                                                                                                                        3.3
                         Property and equipment                                                                                                             2.4
                         Intangible assets                                                                                                                 11.7
                         Goodwill                                                                                                                          46.4
                         Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                76.6
                         Liabilities
                         Payables                                                                                                                           0.7
                         Provisions                                                                                                                         5.5
                         Lease liabilities                                                                                                                  2.3
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                           1.7
                         Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                                                                    10.2
                         Net assets classified as held for sale                                                                                            66.4


                                                                                                                                            Financial report | 129
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               31 Statutory funds
               A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. Balances below are
               disclosed inclusive of amounts collected/receivable from or paid/payable to Insignia Financial Group entities. Statutory funds




For personal use only
               are not available to shareholders.

                                                                                                                                             Statutory
                                                                                                                                  2022           2021
                                                                                                                                    $m                $m

                Statutory fund revenue
                Interest income                                                                                                     0.6               0.7
                Dividends and distributions received                                                                              71.0            50.8
                Net fair value (losses)/gains on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                 (128.5)         114.1
                Investment contracts with DPF
                  Contributions received – investment contracts with DPF                                                            6.6               3.4
                  Decrease in DPF policyholder liability                                                                          17.0            15.3
                  Increase/(decrease) in non-DPF policyholder liability                                                           38.6          (112.9)
                  Other fee revenue                                                                                                 2.3               2.4
                Total statutory fund revenue                                                                                       7.6            73.8
                Statutory fund expenses
                Service and marketing fees expense                                                                                  8.2               8.2
                Investment contracts with DPF
                  Benefits and withdrawals paid                                                                                   22.6            19.9
                  Interest                                                                                                            –               0.1
                Total statutory fund expenses                                                                                     30.8            28.2
                Income tax (benefit)/expense                                                                                      (23.2)          45.6
                Statutory fund contribution to profit or loss, net of tax                                                             –                –


               Investment contracts with discretionary                                   Insurance contract liabilities and claims expense
               participation feature                                                     A claims expense is recognised when the liability to
               The value of these liabilities change due to the change                   the policyholder under the policy contract has been
               in unit prices for unit‑linked contracts, and are reduced                 established, or upon notification of the insured event.
               by management fee charges. In accordance with the                         Withdrawal components of life insurance contracts are not
               rules of the funds, any remaining surplus is attributed                   expenses and are treated as movements in life insurance
               to the policyholders. Adjustments to the liabilities at each              contract liabilities.
               reporting date are recorded in profit or loss.
                                                                                         Actuarial assumptions and methods
               Other investment contracts                                                The effective date of the actuarial report on the policy
               The value of these liabilities changes in relation to the                 liabilities and capital adequacy reserves is 30 June 2022.
               change in unit prices for unit-linked contracts, and are                  The actuarial report for IOOF Ltd was prepared by
               reduced by management fee charges. In accordance with                     Mr Andrew Mead, FIAA, dated 8 August 2022. The
               the rules of the funds, any remaining surplus is attributed               actuarial report indicates that Mr Mead is satisfied
               to the members of the funds. Amounts distributable to                     as to the accuracy of the data upon which the policy
               members are recorded in profit or loss as an expense.                     liabilities have been determined.

               There is no claims expense in respect of life investment                  Actuarial methods
               contracts. Surrenders and withdrawals that relate to life                 Policy liabilities have been calculated in accordance with
               investment contracts are treated as a movement in life                    relevant actuarial guidance issued by APRA under the
               investment contract liabilities. Surrenders are recognised                Life Insurance Act 1995. Policy liabilities are based on a
               when the policyholder formally notifies of their intention                systematic release of planned margins as services are
               to end the policy previously contracted.                                  provided to policyholders and premiums are received.




               130 | Financial report
                        Key assumptions                                                    Managed funds and other fiduciary duties
                        Mortality and morbidity                                            Entities in the Insignia Financial Group, including the
                        All mortality and morbidity risk is fully reinsured and            IOOF Ltd statutory funds, hold controlling investments
                                                                                           in managed funds. A subsidiary of the Company is the




For personal use only
                        the gross risk to the Insignia Financial Group is low. The
                        mortality and morbidity assumptions have been taken                Responsible Entity for these managed funds and has
                        to be equal to the reinsurer’s mortality and morbidity             a fiduciary responsibility for managing these trusts.
                        assumptions.                                                       Arrangements are in place to ensure that such activities are
                                                                                           managed separately from the other activities of the Insignia
                        Other assumptions                                                  Financial Group.
                        In adopting the accumulation method to assess the policy
                                                                                           Capital adequacy position
                        liabilities, one material assumption is required. It is assumed
                        that the future overall experience as to expense levels,           Capital adequacy reserves are required to meet the
                        surrender/lapse rates and discount rates will likely remain        prudential standards determined in accordance with
                        within a satisfactory range so that the policies produce           Prudential Standard LPS 110 Capital Adequacy issued by the
                        future profits for the business. In which case, there is no        Australian Prudential Regulation Authority under paragraph
                        need to set aside provisions, in addition to the accumulation      230A(1)(a) of the Life Insurance Act 1995. Capital adequacy
                        amounts, for future losses (that is, there are no loss             reserves provide additional protection to policyholders
                        recognition concerns for the business). This assumption            against the impact of fluctuations and unexpected adverse
                        has been adopted on the basis that, based on the current           circumstances on the Company.
                        actual experience of the business, the policies are producing      The figures in the table below represent the number
                        satisfactory profits for the business and there is no              of times coverage of the aggregate of all statutory funds
                        circumstances known that would indicate that the current           in IOOF Ltd over the prescribed capital amount.
                        position (that is, general experience levels and ongoing
                        profitability) will not continue into the future.                                                                      Statutory
                                                                                                                                   2022             2021
                        Sensitivity analysis
                                                                                                                                     $m                $m
                        The policy liabilities are not sensitive to changes in variables
                                                                                            (a) Capital base                       15.6              15.1
                        within a moderate range. Increases in mortality and
                        morbidity assumptions will result in an increase in gross           (b) Prescribed capital amount            7.1               6.1
                        policy liabilities for Insignia Financial Group; however, as the    Capital in excess of prescribed          8.5               9.0
                        mortality and morbidity risk is fully reinsured any change in       capital amount = (a) - (b)
                        these assumptions would be consistent with the reinsurer’s          Capital adequacy multiple             220%             249%
                                                                                            (%) (a)/(b)
                        assumptions and the net change in policy liabilities
                        would be nil.                                                       Capital base comprises:
                                                                                            Net assets                             15.6              15.1
                        Disclosures on asset restrictions, managed
                        assets and trustee activities                                       Regulatory adjustment applied              –                –
                                                                                            in calculation of Tier 1 capital
                        Restrictions on assets                                              (A) Common equity                      15.6              15.1
                        Investments held in life statutory funds can only be used           Tier 1 capital
                        in accordance with the relevant regulatory restrictions             (B) Total additional                       –                –
                        imposed under the Life Insurance Act 1995 and associated            Tier 1 capital
                        rules and regulations. The main restrictions are that the           Tier 2 capital                             –                –
                        assets in a life statutory fund can only be used to meet the        Regulatory adjustment applied              –                –
                        liabilities and expenses of that life statutory fund, to acquire    in calculation of Tier 2 capital
                        investments to further the business of the life statutory           (C) Total Tier 2 capital                   –                –
                        fund or as distributions when capital adequacy and other            Total capital base                     15.6              15.1
                        regulatory requirements are met.
                                                                                           For detailed capital adequacy information on the statutory
                                                                                           funds, users of this annual report should refer to the
                                                                                           financial statements prepared by IOOF Ltd.




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 131
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022


               Section 7 – Other disclosures
               32 Defined benefit plan
               The Insignia Financial Group contributes to a post-employment defined benefit plan, the National Wealth Management




For personal use only
               Superannuation Plan (the plan). The plan entitles employees to receive certain retirement benefits based on a fixed percentage
               of each employee’s annual remuneration and the years of service.

               The plan is a sub-plan of the MLC Super Fund. The Trustee of the MLC Super Fund, NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited,
               is a subsidiary of the Insignia Financial Group. The Trustee of the MLC Super Fund is required by law to act in the best interests
               of the plan participants and is responsible for setting certain policies of the fund.

               The defined benefit plan exposes the Insignia Financial Group to actuarial risks, such as investment risk, salary growth risk,
               liquidity risk, sequencing risk (due to the plan being closed to new defined benefit members) and legislative risk.

               The amount included in the statement of financial position arising from the Insignia Financial Group’s obligation in respect
               of its defined benefit retirement benefit plan is as follow:

                                                                                                                      30 June 2022     30 June 2021
                                                                                                                               $m                $m
                Present value of defined benefit obligation                                                                   (24.5)            (30.8)
                Fair value of plan assets                                                                                     44.6              48.0
                Net surplus arising from defined benefit obligation                                                           20.1              17.2

               Amounts recognised in profit or loss in respect of these defined benefit plans are as follows:

                                                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                                                               $m                $m
                Current service cost                                                                                           (1.4)             (0.1)
                Interest cost                                                                                                  0.2                  –
                Contribution tax expense                                                                                       (0.2)                –
                                                                                                                               (1.4)             (0.1)

               Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                                                               $m                $m
                Actuarial gains arising from experience adjustments                                                            3.9               0.7
                Movement in contribution tax adjustment                                                                        0.5               0.1
                                                                                                                               4.4               0.8


               Funding
               The plan is fully funded by MLC Wealth Limited (a subsidiary of the Company). In Australia, superannuation is regulated by
               the APRA. APRA’s Prudential Standard SPS 160 Defined Benefit Matters requires the plan’s vested benefit index (plan’s assets
               divided by vested benefits) to be no less than 100%. The Trustee of the plan is required to ensure that a formal actuarial
               investigation is completed at least every 3 years using the projected unit credit method and updated on an annual basis
               for material movements in the plan position.

               Based on the strong financial position of the Plan and the actuary’s recommendation, the Insignia Financial Group does not
               expect to pay contributions to its defined benefit plan in 2023.




               132 | Financial report
                        Plan assets
                        Plan assets comprise the following:

                                                                                                                          30 June 2022    30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   $m               $m
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 1.3              2.4
                         Equity instruments                                                                                      27.7             34.1
                         Debt instruments                                                                                          8.9              7.2
                         Real estate investment funds                                                                              3.6              4.3
                         Other                                                                                                     3.1                –
                         Fair value of plan assets                                                                               44.6             48.0

                        Plan assets are invested into a managed investment portfolio. These investments do not have a quoted market price in an
                        active market.

                        Movements in the fair value of the plan assets in the year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                                                                                   $m               $m
                         Opening fair value of plan assets                                                                       48.0                 –
                         Acquisition through business combination                                                                    –            47.2
                         Return on plan assets                                                                                    (1.2)             0.7
                         Interest on plan assets                                                                                   0.6                –
                         Benefits paid                                                                                            (3.0)               –
                         Plan expenses                                                                                            (0.2)               –
                         Movement in contribution tax adjustment                                                                   0.4              0.1
                         Closing fair value of plan assets                                                                       44.6             48.0


                        Defined benefit obligation
                        Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation in the year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                                                                                   $m               $m
                         Opening defined benefit obligation                                                                      (30.8)               –
                         Acquisition through business combination                                                                    –            (30.7)
                         Current service cost                                                                                     (1.4)            (0.1)
                         Interest cost                                                                                            (0.4)               –
                         Actuarial gains arising from experience adjustments                                                       5.1                –
                         Benefits paid                                                                                             3.0                –
                         Closing defined benefit obligation                                                                      (24.5)           (30.8)

                        The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations were as follows:

                                                                                                                          30 June 2022    30 June 2021
                         Discount rate                                                                                          4.85%           1.40%
                         Expected rate of salary increase                                                                        3.0%             3.0%
                         Expected future lifetime at the age of 60
                          Male                                                                                              22.6 years      22.6 years
                          Female                                                                                            26.0 years      26.0 years




                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 133
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               At 30 June 2022, the weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 5 years (2021: 5 years). Based on
               the current assumptions, benefit payments of approximately $5.0m are expected in 2023 followed by further benefits
               of approximately $10.0m over the next 4 years.




For personal use only
               Reasonable possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions
               constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.

                                                                                      30 June 2022     30 June 2022    30 June 2021    30 June 2021
                                                                                          Increase        Decrease        Increase        Decrease
                                                                                               $m              $m              $m              $m
                Discount rate (1% movement)                                                    (1.0)            1.0            (1.6)            1.6
                Compensation rate (1% movement)                                                1.0             (1.0)           1.5             (1.5)
                Mortality rate (10% movement)                                                  0.2             (0.2)           0.3             (0.3)

               Although the analysis does not take account of the full distribution of cash flows expected under the plan, it does provide an
               approximation of the sensitivity of the assumptions shown.

               33 Share-based payments
               The Insignia Financial Group operates a number of employee share and option schemes operated by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust
               (the Trust). The employee share option plans were approved by the Board of Directors.

               Executive and Employee Share Option Plan
               The Insignia Financial Group has an ownership-based compensation scheme for executives and senior employees.

               Selected employees may be granted options which entitle them to purchase ordinary fully paid shares in the Company at a price
               fixed at the time the options are granted. Voting and dividend rights will be attached to the unissued ordinary shares when the
               options have been exercised. Options may be exercised at any time from the date of vesting to the date of their expiry.

               Options granted under the plan carry no dividend or voting rights. All plans are equity-settled. There were no options granted
               in 2022 (2021: nil).

               Executive Performance Rights Plan
               The Executive Performance Rights Plan is the vehicle used to deliver equity-based incentives to executives and senior employees
               of the Insignia Financial Group.

               Each employee receives ordinary shares of the Company on vesting of the performance rights. No amounts are paid or payable
               by the recipient on receipt of the performance rights or on vesting. The performance rights carry neither rights to dividends
               nor voting rights prior to vesting. All plans are equity-settled.

               A mandatory deferral period exists relating to Executive STIs awarded in 2019. On vesting of performance rights, ordinary
               shares are transferred to the employee’s name or held in trust. The employee receives all dividends on the ordinary shares
               while held in trust.

               Deferred Shares
               Deferred shares are shares that have vested under an Executive Performance Rights Plan and are held in holding lock for
               a period of time before being transferred to participants.

                                                                                                       Performance        Deferred            Total
                                                                                                             rights         shares
                                                                                                               No.             No.             No.
                Opening balance at 1 July 2021                                                           1,920,143          57,592       1,977,735
                Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                                       (220,863)              –        (220,863)
                Exercised or transferred during the year                                                  (192,521)        (57,592)       (250,113)
                Granted during the year                                                                  1,807,232         150,750       1,957,982
                Outstanding at 30 June 2022                                                              3,313,991        150,750        3,464,741
                Exercisable at 30 June 2022                                                                      –               –               –




               134 | Financial report
                        Disclosure of share-based payment plans
                            Series – Recipient                                 Exercise         Opening          Granted          Forfeited     Exercised        Closing
                                                                                  price         balance                           or lapsed                      balance




For personal use only
                                                                                              1 July 2021                                                   30 June 2022

                            Performance rights
                            2019-01 Executives                                       nil        174,000                  –                 –     (87,000)         87,000
                            2019-04 Other employees                                  nil         41,771                  –                 –     (41,771)                –
                            2019-05 Other employees                                  nil        127,500                  –                 –     (63,750)         63,750
                            2020-02 Executives and Others                            nil        321,500                  –                 –           –         321,500
                            2020-03 Other employees                                  nil         28,300                  –           (1,164)           –          27,136
                            2021-01 Other employees                                  nil         69,517                  –                 –           –          69,517
                            2021-02 Other employees                                  nil        271,043                  –                 –           –         271,043
                            2021-03 Executives and Others                            nil        886,512                  –          (45,976)           –         840,536
                            2022-01 Other employees                                  nil                –          64,640                  –           –          64,640
                            2022-02 Other employees                                  nil                –        300,790             (6,320)           –         294,470
                            2022-03 Executives and Others                            nil                –      1,441,802          (167,403)            –       1,274,399
                                                                                              1,920,143        1,807,232          (220,863)     (192,521)      3,313,991
                            Deferred shares
                            2020-01 Other employees*                                 nil         57,592                  –                 –     (57,592)                –
                            2019-01 Executives                                       nil                –          87,000                  –           –          87,000
                            2019-05 Other employees                                  nil                –          63,750                  –           –          63,750
                                                                                                 57,592          150,750                   –     (57,592)        150,750
                                                                                              1,977,735        1,957,982          (220,863)     (250,113)      3,464,741

                        *     Upon vesting, shares are held in trust for 18 months and may be forfeited in the event of compliance breaches.


                        There are no options outstanding at 30 June 2022.

                        Inputs for measurement of grant date fair values granted during the financial year
                        The grant date fair values of share-based payment plans granted during the year were measured based on a binomial options
                        pricing model for non-market performance conditions and a monte-carlo simulation model for market performance conditions.
                        Expected volatility is estimated by considering historic average share price volatility. The inputs used in the measurement of the
                        fair values at grant date of the share-based payment plans are the following:

                            Series                                                 Fair      Grant date         Expected          Expected      Dividend        Risk-free
                                                                                  value      share price        volatility       life (years)       yield   interest rate
                            2022-01 Other employees                              $3.27             $3.69              48%                 3        4.74%           1.09%
                            2022-02 Other employees                              $2.56             $3.69              48%                 3        4.74%           1.09%
                            2022-03 Executives and Others                        $2.72             $3.62              53%                 4        4.83%           1.56%




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 135
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               The following share-based payment arrangements were in existence during the current and comparative reporting years:

                   Performance Rights Series – Recipient                                 Exercise               Earliest     Last tranche          Performance
                                                                                            price          vesting date      vesting date        related vesting
                                                                                                                                                      conditions




For personal use only
                   2022-03 Executives and other employees                                      nil             30-Jun-25         30-Jun-25                  TSR
                   2022-02 Other employees                                                     nil             30-Jun-24         30-Jun-24                  TSR
                   2022-01 Other employees                                                     nil             30-Jun-24         30-Jun-24                  n/a
                   2021-03 Executives and other employees                                      nil             30-Jun-24         30-Jun-24                  TSR
                   2021-02 Other employees                                                     nil             30-Jun-23         30-Jun-23                  TSR
                   2021-01 Other employees                                                     nil             30-Jun-23         30-Jun-23                  n/a
                   2020-03 Other employees                                                     nil             30-Jun-22         30-Jun-22                  n/a
                   2020-02 Executives and other employees                                      nil             30-Jun-22         30-Jun-22                  TSR
                   2020-01 Other employees*                                                    nil             8-Apr-20          8-Apr-20                   n/a
                   2019-05 Other employees                                                     nil             30-Jun-21         30-Jun-21                  TSR
                   2019-04 Other employees                                                     nil             30-Jun-21         30-Jun-21                  n/a
                   2019-01 Executives                                                          nil             30-Jun-21         30-Jun-21                  TSR

               *     Shares are held in trust for 18 months and may be forfeited in the event of compliance breaches.


               The breakdown of share-based payments expense for the                             Shares held by the Trust will contribute to the employee
               year by recipient is as follows. This represents the expense                      allocation of shares on satisfaction of vesting performance
               recorded to date and does not reflect the opportunity to                          hurdles. The Insignia Financial Group has no right to recall
               transfer to retained profits the value of those legacy series                     placed shares. However, the Group instructs a third party
               that will lapse.                                                                  who acts as Trustee of the Trust and can direct the voting
                                                                                                 rights of shares held.
                        Recipient                               2022             2021
                                                                                                 Shares in the Company held by the Trust are classified
                                                                 $m                $m
                                                                                                 and disclosed as treasury shares and deducted from share
                   Chief Executive Officer                       0.5               0.4
                                                                                                 capital. Dividends received by the Trust are recorded as
                   Executives                                    0.8               0.6           dividend income in the financial statements of the Trust
                   Other employees                               1.6               1.2           and are eliminated on consolidation.
                                                                 2.9               2.2
                                                                                                 34 Key management personnel
               Accounting policies                                                                                                       2022              2021
               The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards                                                                       $                $
               granted to employees is recognised as a share-based
                                                                                                  Short-term employee benefits       6,882,496       5,643,613
               payment expense, with a corresponding increase in the
                                                                                                  Post-employment benefits            210,602          192,030
               share-based payments reserve, over the years that the
               employees unconditionally become entitled to the awards.                           Share-based payments               1,289,623       1,013,205
               The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to                                                                    8,382,721       6,848,848
               reflect the number of awards for which the related service
               and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be                              Key management personnel compensation reconciles to
               met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an                             disclosures in the remuneration report as follows:
               expense is based on the number of awards that meet the
                                                                                                                                         2022              2021
               related service and non-market performance conditions
                                                                                                                                             $                $
               at vesting date.
                                                                                                  Executives                         6,988,301       5,945,672
               The fair value at grant date is independently determined
                                                                                                  Non-executive Directors            1,394,420         903,176
               where considered appropriate. The option pricing model
               used considers the exercise price, the term of the option,                                                            8,382,721       6,848,848
               the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and
               expected price volatility of the underlying share, the
               expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate
               for the term of the option.




               136 | Financial report
                        Individual Directors’ and executives’                             As part of this transaction, the Insignia Financial Group
                        compensation                                                      and Equity Trustees have also entered a Strategic Alliance
                                                                                          Agreement (SAA) under which the Insignia Financial Group,
                        Information regarding individual Directors’ and executives’
                                                                                          subject to best interest duties, will become the preferred
                        compensation and equity instruments disclosures as




For personal use only
                                                                                          supplier of certain Administration and Adviser Platform and
                        required by Corporations Regulation 2M.3.03 is provided
                                                                                          Managed Investment Scheme services to AET and Equity
                        in the Remuneration Report section of the Directors’
                                                                                          Trustees’ wealth customers. In addition, AET will become
                        Report. No Director has entered into a material contract
                                                                                          preferred supplier of Charitable Trusts, Small APRA Funds
                        with the Insignia Financial Group since the end of the prior
                                                                                          and Wills and Estate services to the Insignia Financial
                        financial year and there were no material contracts involving
                                                                                          Group’s Corporate Superannuation members. A number
                        directors’ interests existing at year-end.
                                                                                          of Equity Trustees Wealth Services Limited products will also
                        35 Remuneration of auditor                                        be added to the Insignia Financial Group’s Investor Directed
                                                                                          Portfolio Services and Superannuation products.
                                                                 2022           2021
                                                                    $               $     Financing
                         Audit services                                                   On 16 August 2022, the Insignia Financial Group entered
                         Financial reports – Group          2,958,720      2,949,269      into a new $955m syndicated facility agreement (SFA).
                                                                                          The new SFA is supported by six new and existing
                         Financial reports – managed        4,873,164      2,331,772
                         funds and superannuation                                         lenders, comprising:
                         funds                                                            • a 3-year $340m revolving credit facility;
                         Total audit services               7,831,884      5,281,041      • a 4-year $290m revolving credit facility;
                         Assurance services                                               • a 4-year $270m term loan; and
                         Regulatory assurance services      2,412,524      2,396,978
                                                                                          • a 3-year $55m multi-option facility.
                         Other assurance services            659,162         316,156
                                                                                          The new facility and structure provides improved flexibility,
                         Total assurance services           3,071,686      2,713,134
                                                                                          greater simplicity and improved terms.
                         Other services
                                                                                          The Directors are not aware of any other matter or
                         Taxation services                   113,997          93,288
                                                                                          circumstance not otherwise dealt with in this report, or the
                         Consulting services                 159,326                –     accompanying financial statements and notes thereto, that
                         Transaction advisory services              –        874,698      has arisen since 30 June 2022 that has significantly affected,
                         Debt advisory                              –        236,000      or may significantly affect:
                         Other services                        89,688         87,445      • the Insignia Financial Group’s operations in future
                         Total other services                363,011       1,291,431         financial years; or

                         Total                            11,266,581       9,285,606      • the results of those operations in future
                                                                                             financial years; or
                        The auditor of the Company is KPMG Australia. All amounts         • the Insignia Financial Group’s state of affairs in future
                        payable to the auditor of the Company were paid by an                financial years.
                        Insignia Financial Group company.

                        36 Subsequent events
                        The Directors have declared the payment of a final dividend
                        of 11.8 cents per share, franked to 100% based on tax paid
                        at 30%, to be paid on 29 September 2022.

                        Sale of Australian Executor Trustees
                        On 22 August 2022, the Insignia Financial Group executed
                        a share sale agreement with EQT Holdings Limited (Equity
                        Trustees) to sell 100% of its shares in Australian Executor
                        Trustees Limited and AET PAF Pty Ltd. Consideration for the
                        sale is $135m to be paid in cash on completion. Completion
                        of the transaction is subject to the satisfaction of conditions
                        precedent and is expected to occur by the end of calendar
                        year 2022. The Insignia Financial Group will also provide
                        a number of services to AET, including premises and
                        technology support, under a transitional services agreement.


                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 137
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



               Directors’ declaration
               For the year ended 30 June 2022

               1 In the opinion of the Directors of the Company:

                   a the consolidated financial statements and notes set out on pages 87 to 137 and the Remuneration Report set out
                        on pages 65 to 80 in the Directors’ Report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:




For personal use only
                        i giving a true and fair view of the Insignia Financial Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and its performance
                           for the financial year ended on that date; and

                        ii complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and

                   b there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become
                        due and payable.

               2 The Directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Chief
                   Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.
               3 The Directors draw attention to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement of compliance
                   with International Financial Reporting Standards.

               Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




               Mr Allan Griffiths
               Chairman

               Melbourne
               25 August 2022




               138 | Financial report
                           Independent Auditor’s Report




For personal use only
                           To the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd (previously known as “IOOF
                           Holdings Ltd”)

                           Report on the audit of the Financial Report



                           Opinion

                           We have audited the Financial Report of                   The Financial Report comprises:
                           Insignia Financial Ltd (the Company).                     • Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                           In our opinion, the accompanying Financial                   as at 30 June 2022
                           Report of the Company is in accordance with                •   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
                           the Corporations Act 2001, including:                          Income, Consolidated Statement of Changes
                                                                                          in Equity, and Consolidated Statement of Cash
                           •    giving a true and fair view of the Group’s
                                                                                          Flows for the year then ended
                                financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of
                                its financial performance for the year ended          •   Notes including a summary of significant
                                on that date; and                                         accounting policies
                           •    complying with Australian Accounting                  •   Directors’ Declaration.
                                Standards and the Corporations
                                                                                      The Group consists of the Company and the
                                Regulations 2001.
                                                                                      entities it controlled at the year-end or from time
                                                                                      to time during the financial year.



                           Basis for opinion

                           We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit
                           evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                           Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
                           the audit of the Financial Report section of our report.
                           We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical
                           requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics
                           for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our
                           audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                           accordance with the Code.




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                        with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo
                        are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a
                        scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 139
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                           Key Audit Matters

                           The Key Audit Matters we identified are:             Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our




For personal use only
                                                                                professional judgement, were of most significance
                           •    Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite life
                                                                                in our audit of the Financial Report of the current
                                intangible assets
                                                                                period.
                           •    Accounting for Business Combinations
                                                                                These matters were addressed in the context of
                           •    Provision for client remediation and related    our audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in
                                costs                                           forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                                                                                provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                           •    Information Technology related controls




                           Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Assets - $1,804.5 million and $164.1 million

                           Refer to Note 13 Goodwill and 12 Intangible Assets to the Financial Report


                           The Key Audit Matter                                 How the matter was addressed in our audit


                           A Key Audit Matter for us was the Group’s            Our procedures included:
                           annual testing of goodwill and indefinite life
                           intangible assets for impairment, given the size     •   We considered the appropriateness of the
                           of the balance (being 33% and 3% of total                value in use method applied by the Group to
                           assets respectively) and judgement involved.             perform the test of goodwill and indefinite life
                           We focused on the significant forward-looking            intangibles impairment against the
                           assumptions the Group applied in their value in          requirements of the accounting standards.
                           use models, including:                               •   We assessed the integrity of the value in use
                                                                                    models used, including the accuracy of the
                           •    Forecast operating cash flows, growth rates         underlying calculation formulas.
                                and terminal growth rates – the Group           •   We compared forecast cash flows contained
                                operates in a period of broader market              in value in use models to Board approved
                                volatility. These conditions increase the           forecasts.
                                possibility of goodwill and indefinite life
                                                                                •   We assessed the accuracy of previous Group
                                intangible assets being impaired, plus the
                                                                                    forecasts to inform our evaluation of forecasts
                                risk of inaccurate forecasts or a wider range
                                                                                    incorporated in the models.
                                of possible outcomes for us to consider.
                                                                                •   We used our knowledge of the Group, its past
                           •    Discount rate - this is complicated in nature
                                                                                    performance, business and customers, and
                                and varies according to the conditions and
                                                                                    our industry experience to challenge the
                                environment the specific Cash Generating
                                                                                    Group’s forecast cash flows. We compared
                                Unit (CGU)/intangible is subject to, from
                                                                                    key events to the approved plan and strategy.
                                time to time, as well as the approach to
                                                                                    We compared forecast growth rates and
                                incorporating risks into the cash flows or
                                                                                    terminal growth rates to published studies of
                                discount rates.
                                                                                    industry trends and expectations and
                           •    Internal reorganisation of CGUs to align to         evaluated differences for the Group’s
                                the integrated business operations.                 operations.
                           The Group uses complex models to perform             •   We assessed the appropriateness of the
                           their annual testing of goodwill and indefinite          change in CGU composition against the
                           life intangibles for impairment. The models are          requirements of the accounting standards and
                           largely manually developed, adjusted for                 evaluated the appropriateness of evidence to
                           historical performance, and use a range of               support the change.




               140 | Financial report
                        internal and external sources as inputs to the      •   We evaluated the Group’s calculation of the
                        assumptions. Complex modelling, using                   carrying amount of each CGU with reference
                        forward-looking assumptions, tends to be prone          to accounting standards and consistency




For personal use only
                        to greater risk for potential bias, error and           against the value in use calculation.
                        inconsistent application. These conditions
                                                                            •   We assessed the Group’s allocation of
                        necessitate additional scrutiny by us to address
                                                                                corporate assets and costs to CGUs for
                        the objectivity of sources used for assumptions,
                                                                                reasonableness and consistency based on the
                        and their consistent application.
                                                                                requirements of the accounting standards.
                        We involved valuation specialists to supplement     •   Working with our valuation specialists, we
                        our senior audit team members in assessing              independently developed a discount rate range
                        this Key Audit Matter.                                  using publicly available data for comparable
                                                                                entities, adjusted by risk factors specific to the
                                                                                Group’s CGUs and the industry they operate
                                                                                in.
                                                                            •   We considered the sensitivity of the models
                                                                                by varying key assumptions, such as forecast
                                                                                growth rates and discount rates, within a
                                                                                reasonably possible range. We considered key
                                                                                assumptions when performing the sensitivity
                                                                                analysis and what the Group consider to be
                                                                                reasonably possible. We did this to identify
                                                                                those CGUs at higher risk of impairment and
                                                                                to focus our further procedures.
                                                                            •   We assessed the disclosures in the Financial
                                                                                Report using our understanding obtained from
                                                                                our testing, discussions with management and
                                                                                the Board and against the requirements of the
                                                                                accounting standards.




                        Accounting for Business Combinations

                        Refer to Note 27 Acquisition of subsidiary to the Financial Report


                        The Key Audit Matter                                How the matter was addressed in our audit


                                                                            Working with our valuation specialists, we
                        The Group finalised the accounting for the
                                                                            performed the following procedures:
                        previous year’s acquisition of MLC Wealth.
                        We determined that the accounting for               •   We considered the objectivity, competence
                        business combinations was a Key Audit Matter            and scope of the Group’s external valuation
                        due to the financial significance of the purchase       experts.
                        price considerations, net assets acquired and       •   We agreed the fair value of certain assets
                        resultant goodwill arising on the acquisition, as       acquired to valuation reports prepared by the
                        well as the judgement involved in the                   Group’s valuation expert.
                        preliminary Purchase Price Allocation (PPA)         •   We assessed changes to the preliminary fair
                        calculations.                                           value of the asset and liabilities acquired as
                                                                                established at 30 June 2021.




                                                                                                                          Financial report | 141
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                          We involved valuation specialists to supplement    •   We evaluated the valuation methodology used
                          our senior audit team members in assessing             to determine the fair value of assets and
                          this Key Audit Matter.                                 liabilities acquired, considering accounting




For personal use only
                                                                                 standard requirements and observed industry
                                                                                 practices.

                                                                             •   We assessed the key assumptions in the
                                                                                 Group’s external valuation expert report
                                                                                 prepared in relation to the identification and
                                                                                 valuation of customer relationships and other
                                                                                 intangible assets, including checking forecast
                                                                                 earnings assumptions for consistency with the
                                                                                 Group’s valuation model used as part of the
                                                                                 pre-acquisition due diligence process.

                                                                             •   We evaluated the completeness and accuracy
                                                                                 of key data inputs used in the valuation of
                                                                                 intangible assets prepared by the Group’s
                                                                                 valuation expert.

                                                                             •   We independently developed a discount rate
                                                                                 range considered comparable using publicly
                                                                                 available market data for comparable entities,
                                                                                 adjusted by risk factors specific to the Group
                                                                                 and the industry it operates in.

                                                                             •   We recalculated the goodwill balance
                                                                                 recognised as a result of the transaction and
                                                                                 compared it to the goodwill amount recorded
                                                                                 by the Group.

                                                                             •   We evaluated whether the purchase price
                                                                                 calculation was performed in accordance with
                                                                                 accounting standards.
                                                                             •   We assessed the adequacy of disclosures in
                                                                                 the Financial Report using our understanding
                                                                                 obtained from our testing and against the
                                                                                 requirements of the accounting standard.




                           Provisions for Client Remediation and Related Costs - $344.6 million

                           Refer to Note 17 Provisions to the Financial Report


                           The Key Audit Matter                              How the matter was addressed in our audit


                           The provisions for client remediation and         Working with our regulatory specialists, our
                           related costs is a Key Audit Matter due to the    procedures included:
                           judgments required by us in assessing the
                           Group’s determination of:                         •   We obtained an understanding of the Group’s
                                                                                 process for identifying and assessing the




               142 | Financial report
                        •   The existence of a present legal or                   potential impact of the ongoing assessments
                            constructive obligation as a basis for                into client remediation activities.
                            recognition of a provision against the criteria   •   We assessed the integrity of the model used,




For personal use only
                            in the accounting standards.                          including the accuracy of the underlying
                        •   Reliable estimates of amounts which may               calculation formulas.
                            be paid arising from the present obligation,      •   We inquired with the Group regarding their
                            including estimates of the number of                  ongoing assessment into other remediation
                            affected customers, expected average                  activities.
                            remediation payments and related costs.           •   We read the minutes and other relevant
                        •   The potential for legal proceedings and               documentation of the Company’s Board of
                            regulatory scrutiny leading to a wider range          Directors, Board Committees, various
                            of estimation outcomes for us to consider.            management committees, and attended the
                                                                                  Company’s Audit Committee and Risk and
                        The Group uses a complex model to estimate
                                                                                  Compliance Committee meetings.
                        the amount which may be paid in future
                        periods. The model is manually developed and          •   We inspected correspondence with regulatory
                        uses a range of internal and external sources as          bodies and reports from management’s
                        inputs to the assumptions. Complex modelling,             experts to the Group.
                        using forward-looking assumptions, tends to be        •   We assessed the scope, objectivity and
                        prone to greater risk for potential bias, error and       competency of management’s experts
                        inconsistent application. These conditions                engaged by the Group.
                        necessitate additional scrutiny by us, to address     •   We challenged the Group’s basis for
                        the objectivity of sources used for assumptions,          recognition of a provision and associated costs
                        and their consistent application.                         against the requirements of the accounting
                        We involved regulatory specialists to                     standards. We did this by understanding the
                        supplement our senior audit team members in               provisioning methodologies and challenging
                        assessing this Key Audit Matter.                          underlying assumptions including expected
                                                                                  average remediation payments and related
                                                                                  costs.
                                                                              •   We tested a sample of customer files to
                                                                                  assess the accuracy of the Group’s expected
                                                                                  number of affected customers included in the
                                                                                  provisions, and where required detriment
                                                                                  calculations and payments.
                                                                              •   We assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                                  Group’s conclusions against the requirements
                                                                                  of the accounting standards where estimates
                                                                                  were unable to be reliably made for a provision
                                                                                  to be recognised.
                                                                              •   We assessed the disclosures in the Financial
                                                                                  Report using our understanding obtained from
                                                                                  our testing, discussions with management and
                                                                                  the Board and against the requirements of the
                                                                                  accounting standards.




                                                                                                                         Financial report | 143
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                           Information Technology Related Controls

                           The Key Audit Matter                                How the matter was addressed in our audit




For personal use only
                           The Information Technology (IT) related controls    Working with our IT specialists we challenged the
                           are a Key Audit Matter as the Group’s key           design of General IT controls and sample tested
                           financial accounting and reporting processes        the operation of key controls (in relation to financial
                           are highly dependent on the automated controls      accounting and reporting systems) including:
                           over the Group’s IT systems. There is a risk
                           that gaps in the change management,                 •    Change management control operation:
                           segregation of duties or user access                     inspected the Group’s change management
                           management controls (in relation to key                  policies and for a sample of system changes
                           financial accounting and reporting systems)              during the year, checked the consistency of
                           may undermine our ability to place some                  the system changes to the Group’s policy.
                           reliance thereon in our audit. Our audit            •    Segregation of duties control operation:
                           approach could significantly differ depending on         sample tested key automated controls
                           the effective operations of the Group’s IT               designed to enforce segregation of duties.
                           controls.                                           •    User access management controls operation:
                           We involved IT specialists to supplement our             we assessed the Group’s evaluation of the
                           senior audit team members in assessing this              user access rights, including privileged user
                           Key Audit Matter.                                        access rights granted to application systems.
                                                                                    We checked for evidence of resolution of
                                                                                    exceptions. We also assessed the operating
                                                                                    effectiveness of management approval
                                                                                    controls over the granting and removal of
                                                                                    access rights, including privileged access
                                                                                    rights.
                                                                               Where we identified design and/or operating
                                                                               deficiencies in the IT control environment, our
                                                                               procedures included the following:

                                                                               •    We assessed the integrity and reliability of the
                                                                                    systems and data related to financial reporting;
                                                                                    and
                                                                               •    Where automated procedures were managed
                                                                                    by systems with identified deficiencies, we
                                                                                    performed test of details and assessed
                                                                                    alternate controls that were not reliant on the
                                                                                    IT control environment.




                           Other Information

                           Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Insignia Financial Ltd’s annual reporting
                           which is provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are
                           responsible for the Other Information.
                           The Other Information we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report was the Directors’
                           Report and the Remuneration Report. The remaining other information is expected to include: About
                           IFL, Our Diversified Business Model, Chairman’s Commentary, CEO and Managing Directors
                           Commentary, 2022 Results At A Glance, 2022 Strategic Priorities, Environmental, Social &




               144 | Financial report
                        Governance Report, IOOF Foundation and Shareholder Information and is expected to be made
                        available to us after the date of the Auditor’s Report.




For personal use only
                        Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not
                        and will not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception
                        of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
                        In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other
                        Information. In doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with
                        the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
                        misstated.
                        We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other
                        Information, and based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained
                        prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we have nothing to report.

                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The Directors are responsible for:
                            •   preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian
                                Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
                            •   implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that
                                gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                                error
                            •   assessing the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the
                                use of the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as
                                applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
                                unless they either intend to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease operations or have
                                no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objective is:
                            •   to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from
                                material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                            •   to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
                        exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the
                        aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
                        the basis of the Financial Report.
                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the

                        Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                        https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf.

                        This description forms part of our Auditor’s Report.




                                                                                                                            Financial report | 145
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022




                           Report on the Remuneration Report

                           Opinion                                        Directors’ responsibilities




For personal use only
                           In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of     The Directors of the Company are responsible for
                           Insignia Financial Ltd for the year ended 30   the preparation and presentation of the
                           June 2022, complies with Section 300A of the   Remuneration Report in accordance with Section
                           Corporations Act 2001.                         300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                          Our responsibilities
                                                                          We have audited the Remuneration Report
                                                                          included in the Directors’ report for the year ended
                                                                          30 June 2022.
                                                                          Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                                                                          Remuneration Report, based on our audit
                                                                          conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing
                                                                          Standards.




                         KPMG                                             KPMG




                         Chris Wooden                                     Maria Trinci

                         Partner                                          Partner

                         Melbourne                                        Melbourne

                         25 August 2022                                   25 August 2022




               146 | Financial report
                        Shareholder information

                        Share capital
                        Insignia Financial has on issue 653,860,581 fully paid ordinary shares held by 56,269 holders as at 25 August 2022.




For personal use only
                        Voting rights
                        Insignia Financial’s fully paid ordinary shares carry voting rights of one vote per share.


                        Twenty largest shareholders as at 25 August 2022
                        The following table sets out the top 20 registered holders of shares.

                         Rank    Holder Name                                                                                Balance as at     % of issued
                                                                                                                          25 August 2022          capital

                         1       HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                   151,369,384          23.150
                         2       CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                               103,343,678          15.805
                         3       J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                    77,639,406          11.874
                         4       BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                               27,175,964            4.156
                         5       THE TRUST COMPANY (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <MR BRUCE WILLIAM NEILL A/C>                           24,414,295            3.734
                         6       NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                    13,149,806            2.011
                         7       AIGLE ROYAL SUPERANNUATION PTY LTD <A POLI SUPER FUND A/C>                                    7,000,000            1.071
                         8       CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                  3,484,541            0.533
                         9       BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                         3,196,707            0.489
                         10      AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <IPS IOOF EMPLOYER SUPER A/C>                            3,122,172            0.477
                         11      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                        2,971,018            0.454
                         12      NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                             2,675,949            0.409
                         13      THANECORP AUSTRALIA PTY LTD <CFK RETIREMENT FUND A/C>                                         2,517,079            0.385
                         14      MR BRUCE WILLIAM NEILL                                                                        2,450,000            0.375
                         15      MR CON ZEMPILAS                                                                               2,340,000            0.358
                         16      SAM GANNON PTY LTD <THE J B GANNON FAMILY A/C>                                                2,265,506            0.346
                         17      MRS SALLY KELAHER                                                                             1,928,518            0.295
                         18      MR IAN GREGORY GRIFFITHS                                                                      1,750,419            0.268
                         19      BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD <DRP>                                                               1,458,344            0.223
                         20      POWERWRAP LIMITED <ESCALA SMA TRADING A/C>                                                    1,259,269            0.193
                                 Total securities of top 20 holdings                                                         435,512,055            66.61
                                 Total securities                                                                            653,860,581




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 147
               Insignia Financial Annual Report 2022



              Shareholder information (cont’d)

               Distribution of members and their holdings
               The following table summarises the distribution of our listed shares as at 25 August 2022.




For personal use only
                Range                                                  No. of holders                   No. of units              % issued capital

                1–1,000                                                       30,612                    11,533,232                            1.760
                1,001–5,000                                                   17,347                    42,069,561                            6.430
                5,001–10,000                                                   4,667                    34,594,940                            5.290
                10,001–100,000                                                 3,439                    80,836,747                         12.360
                100,001–9,999,999,999                                            204                   484,826,101                         74.160
                Total                                                        56,269                    653,860,581                        100.000

               There were 5,316 shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of shares based on a market price of $3.53 at the close
               of trading on 25 August 2022, and there were 18.72 per cent of shareholders with registered addresses outside Australia.


               Substantial shareholdings
               Substantial shareholders as at 25 August 2022 are shown below, with the date of their last notice lodged in accordance with
               section 671B of the Corporations Act:

                Holder name                                                                 Date of          No. of      % of issued share capital
                                                                                         last notice    ord shares        as at date of last notice
                Yarra Management Nominees Pty Ltd ACN 616 681 068                       17/06/2022      47,378,983                             7.25
                TA Universal Investment Holdings (Universal)
                Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.                                    28/10/2021      33,414,246                             5.15
                State Street Corporation                                                 5/07/2022      33,204,821                             5.08
                First Sentier Investors Holdings Pty Limited                            28/10/2021      33,157,930                             5.07
                Vanguard Group                                                          10/08/2022      32,764,974                            5.011
                Australian Retirement Trust                                             16/08/2022      32,714,543                            5.003


               Share register and other enquiries
               If you have any questions in relation to your shareholding, share transfers or dividends, please contact our share registry.

               Boardroom Pty Limited
               ABN: 14 003 209 836

               Level 7, 411 Collins Street
               Melbourne VIC 3000

               and

               Grosvenor Place
               Level 12, 225 George Street
               Sydney NSW 2000
               Post: GPO Box 3993. Sydney NSW 2001.

               Phone:     1300 737 760 (Australia only)
               Phone:     +61 2 9290 9600
               Fax:       +61 2 9290 9655

               Website: www.boardroomlimited.com.au

               Please include your shareholder reference number (SRN) or holder identification number (HIN) in all correspondence to the
               share registry.




               148 | Financial report
                        Corporate directory

                        Directors                                                    Principal registered office in Australia
                        Mr Allan Griffiths                                           Level 1
                        B.Bus, DipLi                                                 800 Bourke Street




For personal use only
                        Chairman                                                     Docklands VIC 3008
                                                                                     (03) 8614 4400
                        Mr Renato Mota
                        B.Com (Hons), B.Bus
                                                                                     Share registry
                        CEO
                                                                                     Boardroom Pty Limited
                        Mr Andrew Bloore                                             Level 12
                        Ms Elizabeth Flynn                                           225 George Street
                        LLB, Grad Dip App Corp Gov, FAICD, FFin, FGIA, FCG           Sydney NSW 2000

                        Mr John Selak                                                Auditor
                        Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD
                                                                                     KPMG
                        Ms Michelle Somerville                                       Tower Two, Collins Square
                        Bus (Accounting), Master Applied Finance, FCA, FAICD         727 Collins Street
                                                                                     Docklands VIC 3008
                        Company Secretary
                        Ms Adrianna Bisogni                                          Securities exchange listing
                        B.A LL.B (Hons) GAICD                                        Insignia Financial Ltd shares are listed
                                                                                     on the Australian Securities Exchange
                        Notice of Annual General Meeting                             (ASX: IFL)
                        This year’s Annual General Meeting will be conducted on
                        Thursday, 10 November 2022 at 9:30am (AEDT) in ‘The          Website address
                        Residence’ room at the Grand Hyatt, 123 Collins Street       www.insigniafinancial.com.au
                        Melbourne, Victoria 3000.

                        Further information and guidance on how shareholders
                        may participate in this year’s Annual General Meeting will
                        be available with the Notice of Meeting and on Insignia
                        Financial’s website:
                        www.insigniafinancial.com.au/shareholders/performance-
                        and-reporting/annual-general-meeting

                        A formal notice of meeting is available on our website and
                        has been sent to shareholders.
                               For personal use only

www.insigniafinancial.com.au




       CRA-9263 (51492) 0922
