                        ASX Release – 17 October 2024

                                             Insignia Financial Ltd - 2024 Annual Report

                        In accordance with the ASX Listing Rules, Insignia Financial Ltd attaches the 2024 Annual Report.


                        Authorised for release to the ASX by the Board of Insignia Financial Ltd.


                        About Insignia Financial Ltd
                        With origins dating back to 1846, today the Insignia Financial Group is a leading Australian wealth




For personal use only
                        manager. Insignia Financial Ltd provides financial advice, superannuation, wrap platforms and asset
                        management services to members, financial advisers and corporate employers.
                        Further information about Insignia Financial can be found at www.insigniafinancial.com.au


                        Investor Enquiries:                                    Media Enquiries:
                        Andrew Ehlich                                          Rebecca Chivers
                        General Manager, Capital Markets                       Senior Manager, Corporate Affairs
                        Insignia Financial                                     Insignia Financial
                        M: +61 407 223 044                                     M: +61 416 465 597
                        E: andrew.ehlich@insigniafinancial.com.au              E: Rebecca.chivers@insigniafinancial.com.au




                         Insignia Financial Ltd ABN 49 100 103 722
                         Level 1, 800 Bourke Street, Melbourne Victoria 3000                                                 Page 1 of 1
                         GPO Box 264 Melbourne Victoria 3001
            Annual
            Report 2024




For personal use only
            Insignia Financial Ltd
For personal use only
               Insignia Financial is a
               leading Australian wealth
               manager, with over 175 years
               of experience. We are an ASX
               200 company, with $311 billion
               in funds under management
               and administration.

               Our scale, expertise and strategic partnerships enable
               us to offer a broad range of market-leading financial
               solutions for individuals, advisers and employers.
               We use our expertise in financial advice, investment
               management and development of platform technology
               to deliver affordable and accessible solutions to
               advisers, their clients and superannuation members.
               Whether it’s simply the peace of mind from a
               day-to-day budget, or the aspiration for a comfortable
               and dignified retirement, every day we help more
               Australians secure their future and financial wellbeing.
                        Contents
                        Our business
                        02    Our services

                        03    2024 results at a glance

                        04    Chairman’s letter

                        06    CEO’s letter




For personal use only
                        Sustainability
                        08	Sustainability at Insignia Financial


                        Directors
                        10    Our Directors


                        Financials
                        11    Financial report

                        121 Shareholder information

                        123 Corporate directory




                                           Insignia Financial acknowledges the
                                           Traditional Custodians of Country of
                                           the land on which we live and work, and
                                           recognises their continuing connection
                                           to lands, waters, and communities.


                        We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                        peoples and their cultures, and to Elders past and present.

                        Together we recognise and value the ongoing contribution
                        of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and
                        communities to Australian life and how this enriches us.
                        We embrace the spirit of reconciliation, working towards
                        equality of outcomes and ensuring an equal voice.


                        Insignia Financial Ltd ABN 49 100 103 722
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                        Our services
                        At Insignia Financial, we work every day to deliver what matters
                        for Australians – security, peace of mind and financial confidence.
                        Underpinning our intent is a set of diversified business capabilities,
                        allowing us to leverage insights across advice, platforms, and asset
                        management to deliver more affordable and accessible financial
                        outcomes for clients across a spectrum of needs.

                        Platforms - superannuation,                        Asset management
                        pension, and investments                           We offer access to a broad suite of investment
                        As one of the largest super fund and pension       capabilities across a range of multi-asset and single
                        payment providers in Australia, we offer a wide    asset classes, designed to suit a wide range of




For personal use only
                        range of platform offerings - across both master   investor needs and risk profiles.
                        trust and wrap products - to enable advisers and
                        clients to manage their investments with ease      Our investment management is driven by a highly
                        and transparency. Our contemporary and highly      skilled team of investment professionals, operating
                        rated proprietary wrap platform is designed to     out of Australia, the USA, and the UK.
                        support the changing needs of financial advisers
                                                                           Financial advice
                        and their clients.
                                                                           Our employed advice businesses, Bridges and
                                                                           Shadforth, provide financial advice options along the
                                                                           spectrum – from guidance and coaching to episodic
                                                                           and holistic advice, based on client needs.




                        2024 results at a glance

                         $185.3m                                                      $217m
                                                                                       Underlying net profit after tax
                                                                                                                                   1

                                   Statutory net loss after tax
                                                                                                 Up 13.6% on prior year




                        2 | Our
                            Chairman’s
                                servicesletter
                                                                                                                    1
                                                                                  $1.39b
                            $311b
                        Funds under management and administration
                                                                                        Net revenue
                                                                                          Up 1% on prior year



                              Increased by $16.4 billion (+5.5%) over the year




                            Divisional underlying net profit/(loss) after tax




For personal use only
                            (continuing operations)




                             $230.5m                               $64.1m                   ($4.1m)
                                      Platforms                    Asset management                 Advice




                                9.3c
                                                                      $1.01b
                                                                                                                     1
                                   per share
                                  Full-year dividends

                                                                                 Operating expenditure
                                                                                   Down 2% on prior year




                        1   Continuing operations

                                                                                                                Chairman’s
                                                                                                                    Our services
                                                                                                                           letter | 3
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                        Chairman’s letter
                        The 2024 financial year was a year
                        of significant leadership renewal.

                        Dear Shareholders

                        The 2024 financial year was a year of significant leadership   As part of our succession planning, we appointed Ms Gai
                        renewal. Scott Hartley commenced as Chief Executive            McGrath and Ms Jodie Hampshire to the Insignia Financial
                        Officer (CEO) and Executive Director on 1 March 2024, and      Ltd Board as independent non-executive directors,
                        his appointment was key to providing a fresh perspective       effective 4 March and 1 May 2024, respectively. Both new
                        to lead the next phase of our strategy to drive sustainable    directors bring significant wealth management industry




For personal use only
                        growth, allowing us to move forward with clarity and           sector expertise and governance experience to the Board.
                        focus on the opportunities our market position and
                        capabilities provide.                                          We also recently announced a new operating structure and
                                                                                       executive team changes. This new model and executive team,
                        Our Board renewal approach is dynamic and ongoing.             which comprises a mixture of new external appointments and
                        We assess the composition of the Board against our             existing executives, will enhance end-to-end accountability
                        strategic plan to ensure we have the right knowledge,          and improve risk management and governance, with the
                        skills, and experience to guide the business into the          intention of driving sustainable growth.
                        future. In line with company policy and the ASX Corporate
                        Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and       After 20 years of service with Insignia Financial, Renato
                        Recommendations, Ms Elizabeth Flynn will step down from        Mota stepped down as CEO in February 2024. Renato was
                        the Insignia Financial Board at the FY24 Annual General        instrumental in transforming Insignia Financial into one
                        Meeting (AGM), having reached her nine-year anniversary.       of Australia’s leading wealth management organisations,
                        John Selak will step down from the Board at next year’s AGM    and established a solid foundation for our incoming CEO.
                        when he also reaches his nine-year anniversary.                I would like to express my gratitude to Renato for his 20
                                                                                       years of service and dedication to the organisation, five of
                                                                                       which he served as CEO.




                        We remain focussed on
                        our goals of simplifying our
                        business, enhancing governance
                        and accountability, and building
                        upon our foundations
                        for long-term
                        sustainable growth.



                        4 | Chairman’s letter
                        Financial results




                                                                                                 $217m
                        As we look to further strengthen our balance sheet, the
                        Board has decided to pause dividend payments, resulting
                        in full-year dividends of 9.3 cents per share. While we
                        understand that this is disappointing for some shareholders,
                        the Board is confident that protecting the balance sheet was
                        the prudent decision in view of the macro-economic outlook,
                        and will support accelerated cost reduction, finalisation of                   Underlying net
                        remediation, and provide for strategic growth opportunities.                 profit for the 2024
                        There is no change to the Company’s long-term dividend
                        target of paying 60-90% of underlying net profit after tax.                    financial year
                        Against a backdrop of persistent inflation, higher interest
                        rates, and increasing global investment market volatility,
                        we remain focussed on our goals of simplifying our
                        business, enhancing governance and accountability,              In July, APRA accepted a court enforceable undertaking by
                        and building on our foundations for long-term                   one of Insignia Financial’s Trustees, OnePath Custodians
                        sustainable growth.                                             Pty Limited (OPC). OPC has acknowledged APRA’s




For personal use only
                                                                                        concerns and we remain fully committed to completing
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024, we announced an                the remediation and maintaining ongoing improvements
                        underlying net profit after tax of $217 million, up 13.6%       to our risk culture and good governance.
                        from last year1. Reflected in this result are the benefits of
                        our optimisation program and the successful restructure of      Our people and the community
                        the Advice business from a loss to having positive earnings
                                                                                        We adopted the National Work + Family Standards
                        before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation,
                                                                                        framework, encompassing flexible working arrangements,
                        enhanced by the separation of Rhombus Advisory.
                                                                                        parental leave, leadership culture, family care, and family
                        Disappointingly, our underlying net profit after tax was
                                                                                        wellbeing. The adoption of this framework certified us
                        impacted by remediation and transformation costs, resulting
                                                                                        as a Family Inclusive Workplace employer. In FY24 we
                        in a statutory net loss after tax of $183.5 million. During
                                                                                        continued our commitment towards the community
                        the year we recognised what we expect to be our final
                                                                                        through the Insignia Community Foundation (the
                        provision increase related to legacy quality of advice and
                                                                                        Foundation). The Foundation revisited its community
                        existing scope of product compliance remediation. While we
                                                                                        investment strategy to provide clarity on its purpose
                        acknowledge the impact this has on our shareholders, we
                                                                                        and how it is addressing challenges in society that align
                        are committed to fully remediating our clients.
                                                                                        with its impact areas: financial wellbeing; basic needs;
                        It was pleasing to deliver strong investment performance        reconciliation; mental health; and diversity and inclusion.
                        to our superannuation fund members as recognised by             As an organisation, we focussed more of our time on
                        having three default funds in the top 10 in Australia for       volunteering, with almost 2,000 voluntary engagements
                        one-year performance in the SuperRatings SR50 MySuper.          filled in FY24.

                                                                                        I would like to extend my thanks to the Insignia Financial
                        Strategic initiatives
                                                                                        Board of Directors, and the boards of our responsible
                        At the beginning of this financial year, we set out with the    and registrable superannuation entities. On behalf of the
                        ambitious targets of achieving $70 million in gross in-year     Board, I take this opportunity to express appreciation
                        benefits, migrating 94,000 MLC Wrap clients to Expand,          to all our employees, advisers, and customers for their
                        and transitioning Rhombus from a self-employed licensee         persistent support over the past year. I would also like to
                        to a partnership model, all while understanding, looking        acknowledge the departing executives and thank them
                        after, and securing the future of our clients, members, and     for their contributions. I also take this opportunity to
                        employees. I am pleased to report that we successfully          thank shareholders for their continued patience while we
                        completed the migration of MLC Wrap to Expand in March          strengthen our balance sheet, deliver on our strategy,
                        2024, our cost optimisation program realised gross              and further position ourselves for growth.
                        in-year benefits of $71 million, and our new Advice Services
                        partnership, Rhombus Advisory, launched on 1 July 2024.

                        Over the past 12 months we continued to improve our
                        risk governance framework and made good progress on
                        meeting the commitments under the Rectification Action
                                                                                        Mr Allan Griffiths
                        Plan agreed with APRA.
                                                                                        Independent Non-Executive Director and Chairman



                        1   Continuing operations
                                                                                                                                  Chairman’s letter | 5
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                        CEO’s letter
                        I am honoured to be leading Insignia Financial,
                        a company with over 175 years of history and a legacy
                        of excellence in the financial services industry.

                        Dear Shareholders                                            Strategic simplification and transformation
                        I am honoured to be leading Insignia Financial, a company    Simplifying and optimising our business remains a top
                        with over 175 years of history and a legacy of excellence    priority. Insignia Financial is fully committed to executing
                        in the financial services industry. As Chief Executive       the FY24–26 strategic initiatives announced in July 2023. To
                        Officer since March 2024, I feel a profound responsibility   reduce complexity, we have made key decisions, including




For personal use only
                        to steward this business into its next phase of growth.      the divestment of IOOF Ltd, Millennium3 Financial Services,
                        I am optimistic about the future of Insignia Financial       IOOF Insurance Brokers, and Godfrey Pembroke.
                        and confident that we are well-positioned to deliver
                        exceptional outcomes for our stakeholders, particularly      A significant milestone was the successful separation of
                        our customers and shareholders.                              Rhombus Advisory, our Self-Employed Advice Licensee
                                                                                     business, on 1 July 2024. This involved the creation of a new
                        During my first months in this role, I dedicated my time     advisory business comprising Consultum, RI Advice, and
                        to listening and engaging with our key stakeholders – our    TenFifty. This business is now majority owned by the financial
                        boards, team members, shareholders, regulators, and          advisory businesses that it serves. We believe that this is the
                        customers. My goal was threefold: to understand what we      right model to advance the professionalism of the financial
                        are doing well, find areas for improvement, and map out      advice profession. Insignia Financial retains a minority equity
                        opportunities for growth. Through these conversations,       stake in Rhombus Advisory while focusing on growing our
                        I gained a deep appreciation of Insignia Financial’s solid   retained advice businesses, Shadforth and Bridges.
                        foundations and our unique capabilities in the wealth
                        management sector.                                           Another major achievement in FY24 was the successful
                                                                                     completion of the largest single wrap migration in Australia’s
                        Solid foundations and growth opportunities                   platform industry. We migrated $38.6 billion from MLC
                                                                                     Wrap to Expand, marking a significant step in capability,
                        As Australia’s largest diversified wealth management
                                                                                     driving scale and operational efficiency. This migration has
                        business, Insignia Financial has a powerful combination
                                                                                     already begun to deliver tangible benefits, with further scale
                        of capabilities that enable us to serve a broad and
                                                                                     expected to enhance efficiency across the business.
                        diverse range of customers. Our contemporary Wrap
                        technology delivers leading-edge solutions for financial     Our cost optimisation efforts have also yielded promising
                        advisers and their clients. The Shadforth and Bridges        results. In FY24, we exceeded our targeted savings,
                        advisory businesses provide high-quality advice to           achieving optimisation benefits of $71 million, resulting
                        their clients, and our strong multi-asset investment         in a net cost reduction of $24 million. However, there
                        capabilities generate competitive returns for our super      is more to do, and we are accelerating our efforts in
                        fund members and advised clients. Finally, there is          FY25, targeting a net cost reduction of $60–65 million
                        strength and reputation in the MLC brand to lead as our      after reinvesting in our Wrap technology platform and
                        primary consumer brand, complemented by the well-            refreshing the MLC and Expand brands.
                        established reputations of both Shadforth and Bridges.
                                                                                     Key milestones and positive momentum
                        While we have a strong foundation to build upon, there
                        are significant opportunities to streamline operations,      It is pleasing to report that Insignia Financial delivered an
                        enhance efficiency, and create more competitive              improved underlying net profit after tax of $217 million for
                        outcomes for our customers and shareholders. Our             the year ended 30 June 2024, an increase of 13.6% over
                        current cost base is uncompetitive, and our operating        the prior year1. However, after accounting for increased
                        model was complex and inefficient.                           remediation provisions and transformation costs, we
                                                                                     reported a statutory net loss of $185.3 million. While this
                                                                                     result may be disappointing for some shareholders, we
                                                                                     have prioritised strengthening the balance sheet, leading
                                                                                     to a temporary pause in dividends.


                        6 | CEO’s letter
                                               We are also seeing positive momentum in the underlying
                                               business, driven by revenue growth and higher average funds
                                               under management and administration (FUMA). Our average
                                               FUMA of $301 billion, up 3% from FY231, reflects the benefits
                                               of scale and positive market conditions. Net revenue in our
                                               Platforms segment increased by 0.9%1, supported by strategic
                                               repricing and consistent inflows into our Expand Wrap suite.
                                               Workplace Super again delivered positive net inflows of $1.4
                                               billion in FY24, thanks to organic growth.

                                               Industry recognition and market leadership
                                               Insignia Financial’s innovative offerings continue to gain
                                               industry recognition, with Chant West awarding our Expand

                        Without our            Essential Pension with a ‘5 apples’ rating for the second
                                               consecutive year. Additionally, Heron awarded 5 Quality Stars

                        talented and           for several corporate and retail products, further solidifying
                                               our leadership in the market.
                        passionate people,     Our multi-asset net inflows were driven by strong performance




For personal use only
                        we would not have      in MLC’s Managed Account Strategies, while our MySuper Default
                                               options achieved top 10 results in the SuperRatings SR50 MySuper

                        been able to achieve   rankings. Our MLC MultiActive funds also received the Financial
                                               Standard Leadership Awards in multiple categories.
                        all that we have       Without our talented and passionate people, we would not

                        in this past year.     have been able to achieve all that we have in this past year,
                                               and I am deeply grateful to our entire team for their hard work
                                               and commitment. With recent changes to the executive team,
                                               Mark Oliver and Chris Weldon have left the Group, and Frank
                                               Lombardo will be leaving early 2025. I would like to acknowledge
                                               and thank them for their outstanding contributions to our
                                               business for more than a decade.

                                               Strengthening leadership and culture,
                                               and looking ahead
                                               As we enter FY25, Insignia Financial is well positioned for
                                               profitable growth. Building a high-performance culture will
                                               be key to executing our strategy and delivering results. This
                                               cultural transformation starts with a new operating model and
                                               a refreshed executive leadership team, designed to deliver
                                               results. Our business is now organised into four dedicated
                                               lines – Advice, Master Trust, Wrap, and Asset Management –
                                               each led by an executive with end-to-end accountability. This
                                               structure empowers our refreshed leadership to focus on
                                               competing effectively in their respective markets while driving
                                               performance and strong risk management across the business.
                                               We are currently undertaking a strategic review to deliver long-
                                               term sustainable growth from FY26 onwards, details of which
                                               will be shared late calendar year 2024.

                                               I would like to extend my sincere thanks to the executive team
                                               and the Board for their continued guidance and support.




                                                Mr Scott Hartley
                                                Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director


                                                1   Continuing operations                         CEO’s letter | 7
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                        Sustainability at
                        Insignia Financial
                        Insignia Financial seeks to create sustainable, long-term value for




For personal use only
                        our customers, people, and shareholders through the incorporation
                        of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors into our
                        decision-making processes across the organisation.


                        Our commitment to community                                     Climate risk reporting
                        Community impact comes to life at Insignia Financial            Insignia Financial welcomes the Australian Government’s
                        through our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), the Insignia      Treasury Laws Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure
                        Community Foundation (the Foundation), and our people’s         and Other Measures) Bill 2024 and supports the adoption of
                        volunteering, fundraising, donating, and participation in       the proposed Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards
                        appeals throughout the year.                                    (ASRS), to be released in FY25. Our first year of reporting
                                                                                        under the ASRS will be FY26.
                        Our Foundation has distributed more than $18 million to
                        Australian communities since its inception in 2002.             We support Task Force on Climate-Related Financial
                                                                                        Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations for better climate-
                        In June 2023, Reconciliation Australia endorsed our RAP,
                                                                                        related disclosures and the International Sustainability
                        which embeds reconciliation across our business and
                                                                                        Standards Board’s aim to encourage more comprehensive,
                        improves the financial wellbeing of our Aboriginal and Torres
                                                                                        globally consistent sustainability disclosures. While not
                        Strait Islander members. This year, we delivered a cultural
                                                                                        fully aligned with the TCFD recommendations, we are
                        learning program with Indigenous-led organisations. During
                                                                                        developing our climate risk assessment capability across
                        National Reconciliation Week, we introduced Red Dust
                                                                                        the business and identifying climate risks across a broader
                        Reconciliation Education Essentials online training, which
                                                                                        range of our investment funds.
                        12% of the workplace completed in the first month.
                                                                                        To view our full climate-risk report and further detail
                        Our material ESG topics and targets                             relating to progress across our material ESG topics in
                        In June 2023, we performed a formal materiality                 FY24, please refer to the FY2024 IFL Sustainability report,
                        assessment in line with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)       which can be found on our corporate website
                        requirements, which informed our sustainability strategy        https://www.insigniafinancial.com.au/corporate-
                        and identification of targets against ESG factors.              responsibility/sustainability/our-priorities

                        We identified and ranked 12 materiality topics in order of
                        importance to our business stakeholders. This year, we
                        combined these topics into nine focus areas with targets
                        and goals. Our refined strategy focuses our efforts on
                        increasing our impact across these areas.

                        The material topics and associated FY24 achievements
                        are captured in the table on the adjacent page.




                        8 | Sustainability at Insignia Financial
                        ESG topics and progress

                              Environmental impact                                     Using our 2023 emissions report, we began creating
                                                                                       our Emissions Reduction Plan and target setting,
                              Insignia Financial has achieved Climate Active
                                                                                       which we aim to publish in FY25.
                              certification for the third consecutive year.

                              We published our second climate risk report,
                              based on the TCFD framework, in October 2023.


                              Climate risk                                             We commenced assessment of climate risks in the
                                                                                       domestic listed equity portfolios, engaging with a
                              We delivered our third TCFD-aligned climate risk
                                                                                       focused selection of the largest CO2 emitters, including
                              report, covering a range of in-house managed
                                                                                       management and Board-level meetings, and meetings with
                              investment funds.
                                                                                       climate risk-related operational subject matter experts
                                                                                       from both investee companies and external stakeholders.


                              Governance and transparency                              We held quarterly discussions on the ESG risks facing
                                                                                       the business with the Group Risk & Compliance
                              We established a cross-functional working
                                                                                       Committee, which is a delegate of the IFL Board to
                              group to assess our capability and to create an




For personal use only
                                                                                       review enterprise risks.
                              implementation plan to meet new ASRS.


                              Modern slavery                                           We submitted our fourth Modern Slavery Statement to
                                                                                       Border Force, outlining our approach to reducing the
                              We initiated a project to automate our supply            risk of modern slavery in our corporate supply chain
                              chain assessment capabilities and modern                 (December 2023).
                              slavery reporting to efficiently identify modern
                              slavery risks (April 2024).                              Investment manager supplier response rate to
                                                                                       questionnaire was 99% in FY24, up from 72% in FY23.


                              Responsible investment and stewardship                   We enhanced our due-diligence of prospective and
                                                                                       current investment managers’ approaches to responsible
                              We continued to uplift and align responsible             investment.
                              investment (RI) policies across the relevant entities.
                                                                                       We also improved consistency in the consideration of
                              We improved operational RI processes that                responsible investment attributes in investment manager
                              support our RI policies.                                 appointments.


                              Community impact                                         As at 30 June 2024, 77% of our RAP commitments had
                                                                                       been completed, with other items in progress.
                              We achieved 44% staff participation in workplace
                              volunteering with charitable organisations to fill       We contributed over $1.4 million to community
                              1,999 skilled and unskilled volunteer roles.             partners through our Workplace Giving Program and
                                                                                       IOOF Foundation grants.


                              Employee engagement and wellbeing                        In our May 2024 ‘Our Voice’ survey, 83% of employees
                                                                                       felt our flexible working position enables them to
                              We became a Family Inclusive Workplace 2023/24
                                                                                       manage personal responsibilities, and 78% felt
                              certified employer, reflecting our adoption of the
                                                                                       supported to use flexible working arrangements.
                              National Work + Family Standards framework.
                                                                                       General Manager and Executive female representation
                                                                                       increased to 44.83%.


                              Data, cybersecurity and AI                               We refreshed our Cyber Security Strategy (FY24-FY26),
                                                                                       which was endorsed by the Board.
                              We established a centralised Cyber Security team,
                              led by the General Manager Cyber Security.



                              Financial wellbeing                                      146% increase in adviser-prepared statements of advice

                              Compared to FY23:                                        14% increase in member-directed digital statements of advice

                                                                                       21% increase in one-on-one general advice experiences for
                                                                                       fund members.




                                                                                                                 Sustainability at Insignia Financial | 9
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                        Our Directors



                                                   Mr Allan Griffiths                                         Mr Scott Hartley
                                             Independent Non-Executive Director                          Chief Executive Officer and
                                                      and Chairman                                           Executive Director




For personal use only
                                                         B.Bus, DipLI                                    B.Bus, Advanced Management
                                                  Director since 14 July 2014                                   Program INSEAD
                                                                                                          Director since 1 March 2024
                                                  Chairman since 4 April 2019




                                 Mr Andrew Bloore                                Ms Elizabeth Flynn                         Ms Jodie Hampshire
                                     Independent                                     Independent                                Independent
                                 Non-Executive Director                          Non-Executive Director                     Non-Executive Director

                             Director since 2 September 2019                    LLB, Grad Dip App Corp Gov,                    B.Comm, CFA, GAICD
                                                                                   FAICD, FFin, FGIA, FCG                   Director since 1 May 2024
                                                                           Director since 15 September 2015




                                   Ms Gai McGrath                                  Mr John Selak                          Ms Michelle Somerville
                                     Independent                                    Independent                                 Independent
                                 Non-Executive Director                         Non-Executive Director                      Non-Executive Director

                             LLM (Dist), BA LLB (Hons), GAICD                      Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD                  B.Bus (Accounting), Master Applied
                                                                           Director since 14 October 2016                      Finance, FCA, FAICD
                               Director since 4 March 2024
                                                                                                                          Director since 1 October 2019




                        10 | Our Directors
                        Financial
                        report
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024




For personal use only
                        Contents
                        Operating and financial review12

                        Directors’ report33

                        Remuneration report                                  37

                        Consolidated statement of
                        comprehensive income62

                        Consolidated statement of financial position63

                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity64

                        Consolidated statement of cash flows66

                        Notes to the financial statements                    67

                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement109

                        Directors’ declaration112

                        Independent Auditor’s Report113

                        Shareholder information121


                                                             Financial report | 11
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review

                        About Insignia Financial Ltd                                    Purpose
                        Insignia Financial Ltd is listed on the Australian Securities   Insignia Financial’s purpose is to:
                        Exchange (ASX: IFL). The Insignia Financial Ltd consolidated    • understand me;
                        group includes the Company and its controlled entities (the
                                                                                        • look after me; and
                        Group or Insignia Financial).
                                                                                        • secure my future.
                        Insignia Financial is a leading provider of quality financial
                        advice, products and services with $311.3 billion in funds      Insignia Financial achieves this through:
                        under management and administration (FUMA) as at                • delivering what matters to customers;
                        30 June 2024. Insignia Financial’s ambition is to create        • continuing to promote a customer-led culture; and
                        financial wellbeing for every Australian, which is founded
                                                                                        • building a better tomorrow for the community and
                        upon its purpose of ‘understand me, look after me, secure
                                                                                           shareholders.
                        my future’ and its customer-led thinking, principles and
                        ways of working, which place customers at the centre            A customer-led organisation




For personal use only
                        of everything Insignia Financial does.
                                                                                        Insignia Financial’s commitment to improve customer
                        Principal activities                                            outcomes is underpinned by:
                                                                                        • a strategy to leverage its scale and improve operational
                        Tracing our origins back to 1846, today Insignia Financial
                                                                                           efficiency to allow for continued investment in target
                        is a leading Australian wealth manager. Our services cover
                                                                                           products and services;
                        a wide range of financial needs, including:
                                                                                        • ownership of multiple customer offerings across the
                        • Financial Advice Our employed advice businesses,
                                                                                           wealth value chain to efficiently and seamlessly meet the
                           Bridges and Shadforth, provide financial advice options
                                                                                           needs of customers, from early accumulation through
                           along the spectrum – from guidance and coaching to
                                                                                           to drawdown in retirement;
                           episodic and holistic advice, based on client needs;
                                                                                        • providing advice, in the appropriate form and at the
                        • Superannuation As one of the largest superannuation
                                                                                           appropriate juncture, to help Australians achieve their
                           and pension providers in Australia, we offer a number
                                                                                           financial wellbeing and retirement objectives;
                           of award-winning solutions used by many of Australia’s
                           largest employers and independent advisers;                  • a contemporary, flexible and competitive suite of product
                                                                                           offerings supported by choice to efficiently address
                        • Wrap Platform We have built a strong and contemporary
                                                                                           customers’ evolving needs over their lifetime;
                           technology platform and remain committed to investing
                           in technology and our services to support the changing       • differentiated service focusing on ‘what matters’
                           needs of advisers and their clients; and                        to customers;

                        • Asset Management We offer access to a broad suite             • competitive, consistent and sustainable investment
                           of investment capabilities across a range of multi-asset        performance;
                           and single asset classes, designed to suit a wide range      • creating trust with its stakeholders through effective
                           of investor needs and risk profiles. Our investment             governance, compliance and risk management
                           management is driven by a highly skilled team of                frameworks and a commitment to integrating
                           investment professionals, operating out of Australia,           environmental, social and governance factors into
                           the USA and the UK.                                             strategic and investment decisions and operational
                                                                                           processes; and
                                                                                        • an open architecture approach that actively promotes
                                                                                           and supports not only the Group’s products but also
                                                                                           those products offered by competitors. The Group
                                                                                           partners with other experts to provide the best solution
                                                                                           for customers.




                        12 | Financial report
                        FY24-25 strategy
                                                                  Our purpose: understand me, look after me, secure my future

                                                 Improving our                       Deepening our                      Simplifying our                      Building a safe &
                                                  clients’ ﬁnancial                  partnerships with                      business                          trusted business
                                                       wellbeing                    advisers & employers                                                           together
                        Our strategies            ● Connect clients to relevant       ● Top 3 Wrap, serving range        ● MLC separation                     ● Eﬀective board &
                        to deliver sustainable       ﬁnancial advice & support           of adviser needs                   ● Simpliﬁed products,                business governance
                        performance & outcomes       ● Leverage technology to            ● Strengthen #1 position in            platforms & investments          ● Strong risk culture
                                                         engage at scale                    Employer Super                     ● Digitised ways of working         ● Proactive compliance
                                                        ● Competitive net returns           ● Portfolio construction                                                  by design
                                                                                                expertise




                        Insignia Financial way




For personal use only
                                                         be human            deliver what matters       stronger together           keep it simple           do what’s right,
                                                                                                                                                             not what’s easy

                                                                 Our ambition: to create ﬁnancial wellbeing for every Australian


                        Insignia Financial’s strategy focuses on the following four                                 The Client Wellbeing division includes:
                        strategic pillars:                                                                          • Professional Services Advice teams – Shadforth
                        1 Improving our clients’ financial wellbeing;                                                  and Bridges;
                        2 Deepening our partnerships with advisers and                                              • Advice Enablement Services team;
                            employers;                                                                              • Consumer and Commercial Marketing teams; and
                        3 Simplifying our business; and                                                             • Member Engagement and Wellbeing team.
                        4 Building a safe and trusted business together.
                                                                                                                    Key achievements for the year include:
                        Underpinning Insignia Financial’s intent is a unique set of                                 • Approximately 10% increase in Shadforth’s new clients;
                        diversified business capabilities allowing it to create specific
                                                                                                                    • The recognition of 16 Shadforth advisers in Barron’s Top
                        combinations of advice, platform and asset management
                                                                                                                       Advisers for 2023;
                        offerings to deliver more affordable and accessible financial
                        outcomes for customers across a spectrum of needs.                                          • The launch of Expand as the brand and identity for
                                                                                                                       Insignia Financial’s proprietary Wrap platform; and
                        The strategic pillars create focus, clarity and prioritisation
                                                                                                                    • Expand was awarded Gold in the Sydney Design Awards
                        for the Group and enables Insignia Financial to harness its
                                                                                                                       2023 within the Identity & Branding – Finance category.
                        unique competitive advantages to create financial wellbeing
                        for every Australian.                                                                       In FY25, Insignia Financial intends to continue its focus on
                                                                                                                    improving clients’ wellbeing through:
                        FY24-25 strategic initiatives                                                               • Initiatives to support increased access to affordable
                        1. Clients’ financial wellbeing                                                                financial advice for Australians approaching and planning
                                                                                                                       for their retirement that need assistance navigating the
                        During the year, Insignia Financial created a new division,
                                                                                                                       pension and superannuation systems;
                        Client Wellbeing, to support its strategic focus of ‘Improving
                        our clients’ financial wellbeing’. The Client Wellbeing division                            • Initiatives to realise Shadforth’s and Bridges’ growth
                        is responsible for creating more value for customers                                           opportunities and efficiency improvements; and
                        through the Group’s interactions and, in turn, improving                                    • Uplifting data, marketing technology and digital
                        the growth prospects of the Group’s products and services,                                     capabilities to enable us to engage our customers
                        including financial advice.                                                                    at moments that matter with the right offer.

                        As one of Australia’s leading providers of quality financial
                        advice, products and services, the Group has a strong
                        foundation to create better outcomes to more of its clients
                        through financial help, guidance and advice through all
                        stages of life.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 13
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        2. Adviser and employer partnerships                           3. Simplification
                        During the year, the Group continued its focus on deepening    Separation of the MLC business
                        its partnerships with advisers and employers through           The separation of the MLC Wealth (MLC) business from
                        continued investment in Expand, stabilisation and growth       National Australia Bank Limited (NAB) is expected to be
                        in Workplace Super and the strong investment performance       completed on or prior to 31 May 2025. NAB continues to
                        of its Asset Management capabilities.                          support the MLC business through a Transitional Services
                        Highlights of the year include:                                Agreement (NAB TSA) until separation.

                        • Enhancements to the Expand platform suite including          During the year, Insignia Financial completed the following
                           expansion of the managed account offering, improved         separation activities:
                           adviser navigation, customisable user permissions           • Completion of the design for the re-platforming of the
                           including transacting authority and real-time tax              MLC Master Trust ecosystem from the NAB environment
                           estimation, and enhancements to adviser and                    to the Insignia Financial environment;
                           client reporting;
                                                                                       • Finalisation of the solutions to replace the enterprise




For personal use only
                        • MLC Private Equity closed a new US$762 million vehicle          capabilities currently provided by NAB through
                           to provide global institutional investors with access          the NAB TSA;
                           to private equity investment opportunities;
                                                                                       • Completion of the master implementation schedule
                        • Completion of the Wholesale Trust Strategy                      which covers all the delivery tasks and phasing needed
                           harmonisation project across the Group’s 65 core               to support the finance and registry cutovers expected
                           multi-manager funds and the rollout of changes                 to occur in 1H25;
                           on Wrap platforms, websites and tools including
                                                                                       • Establishment of the new corporate ledger, enterprise
                           rebranding to MLC;
                                                                                          data warehouse and certain bank reconciliation
                        • Each of the Group’s three MySuper funds included in the         processes in the Insignia Financial environment; and
                           SuperRatings SR50 MySuper Index ranking within the top
                                                                                       • Transition of MLC employees within a number of divisions
                           10 funds for one-year performance for the year ended
                                                                                          from the NAB environment to Insignia Financial’s
                           30 June 2024. MLC MySuper Growth was also within this
                                                                                          operating environment.
                           index’s top quartile for 3-year and 5-year performance.
                           MLC Super Fund won best advice offering for 2023            As at 30 June 2024, Insignia Financial had exited
                           (Super Ratings);                                            approximately 55% of the service schedules underpinning
                        • IOOF/MLC Asset Management won best multi asset               the NAB TSA.
                           provider for 2023 (Zenith);                                 Simplification across products, platforms,
                        • MLC MultiSeries Funds upgraded to Highly                     investments and entities
                           Recommended (Zenith); and                                   During the year, the Group completed the migration of
                        • MLC Managed Accounts awarded 4.5 stars (SQM), the            MLC Wrap products and services to the Expand suite
                           highest rating for multi-asset Managed Accounts to date.    of products on Insignia Financial’s proprietary Wrap
                                                                                       platform, involving approximately $39 billion in funds
                        In FY25, Insignia Financial intends to continue investing in
                                                                                       under administration (FUA) and 94,000 customer accounts.
                        Expand, optimising the Workplace Super coverage model
                                                                                       Expand is now the third largest wrap platform in the market
                        and undertaking various initiatives to continue Asset
                                                                                       by FUA and the largest by number of accounts, serving over
                        Management’s strong investment performance.
                                                                                       317,000 accounts.

                                                                                       This achievement was a key milestone in simplifying our
                                                                                       business and deepening our partnerships with advisers
                                                                                       while setting solid foundations to unlock our potential.

                                                                                       The migration delivered tangible benefits for our customers,
                                                                                       advisers and people, including:
                                                                                       • A collective ~$13 million saving in administration fees per
                                                                                          annum and a 44% reduction in brokerage costs;
                                                                                       • An improved user experience for customers and advisers
                                                                                          on our contemporary Expand platform and mobile
                                                                                          application; and
                                                                                       • A simpler and more consistent way of working for our
                                                                                          people with all Wrap products now on Expand, excluding
                                                                                          those arrangements with external providers.

                        14 | Financial report
                        This migration also represents a critical milestone on our     4. Safe and trusted business
                        path to separating from NAB.                                   Insignia Financial is committed to the highest level of
                        Other simplification activities include:                       governance. Good corporate governance is the foundation
                                                                                       for how Insignia Financial conducts its business activities
                        • Completion of the upgrade of certain P&I legacy products
                                                                                       and manages customers’ money in their best interests.
                           involving approximately $4.6 billion of FUA and leading
                           to approximately 45,000 members benefiting from more        Insignia Financial strives to foster a culture that values
                           contemporary products;                                      and rewards exemplary ethical standards, personal and
                        • Completion of the successor fund transfer of Symetry         corporate integrity, and respect for others. This approach is
                           Personal Retirement Fund from an external trustee to        cascaded down from the Board to the broader organisation.
                           the Group;                                                  Key activities being undertaken over FY24 to FY25 include:
                        • Completion of the first phase of simplification of the       • Design and implementation of a realignment of
                           Responsible Entities within the Group, whereby 15              three lines of risk accountability: Insignia Financial is
                           funds previously issued by Antares Capital Partners            redesigning the existing 3 Lines of Defence (3LoD) model




For personal use only
                           Ltd and Navigator Australia Limited were consolidated          to focus on 3 Lines of Accountability (3LoA). The target
                           under MLC Investments Limited as the go-forward                state is a clear set of 3LoA principles that is adhered
                           Responsible Entity;                                            to across Insignia Financial.
                        • Completion of the sale of the Group’s friendly society       • Operational resilience and contingency planning:
                           investment bond business to Australian Unity Limited           In line with the requirements of a new APRA Prudential
                           (AUL) through the divestment of IOOF Ltd;                      Standard CPS 230 Operational Risk Management
                        • Completion of the sale of Millennium3 Financial Services        effective from 1 July 2025, Insignia Financial is
                           Pty Ltd to WT Financial Group Limited;                         undertaking various activities to strengthen the
                        • Sale of the Godfrey Pembroke Group Pty Ltd to Godfrey           management of operational risk, improve operational
                           Pembroke advisers;                                             resilience and minimise the impact of disruption
                                                                                          to members and the financial system.
                        • Sale of the general insurance business and other select
                           divestments of assets; and                                  • Uplifts of responsibility and accountability frameworks:
                                                                                          Insignia Financial is improving its culture of accountability
                        • Completion of the sale of Rhombus Advisory to self-
                                                                                          enabled by a range of initiatives, including 3LoA,
                           employed adviser practices on 1 July 2024. The advice
                                                                                          implementation of the consequence management
                           partnership model ensures continued alignment
                                                                                          framework and implementation of a program of work
                           between the Insignia Financial Group and self-employed
                                                                                          to deliver on Financial Accountability Regime (FAR)
                           advisers, simplifying both Insignia Financial and Rhombus
                                                                                          requirements.
                           Advisory’s businesses, and allowing the Group to have
                           increased focus on the remaining Professional Services      • Uplifts of compliance framework: Insignia Financial
                           Advice business and other emerging opportunities               is uplifting its Compliance Management Framework
                           in advice.                                                     characterised by clear accountabilities, timely
                                                                                          reporting and resolution of incidents and breaches,
                        In FY25, Insignia Financial intends to continue to simplify
                                                                                          consistent decision-making processes that promote
                        its products, platforms, investments and entities.
                                                                                          a culture of compliance, ongoing monitoring and
                        Cost optimisation program                                         embedded compliance practices and controls into
                        The cost optimisation program delivered $71m gross in-year        business processes.
                        benefits in FY24, resulting in a net cost reduction of $24m    These activities have also been designed to address aspects
                        compared with FY23.                                            of the Rectification Action Plan and the requirements of the
                                                                                       court enforceable undertaking (CEU), details of which are set
                                                                                       out in Risk Management section of this report.




                                                                                                                                    Financial report | 15
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        FY26–30 strategy                                                We are pleased to highlight we are a Family Inclusive
                                                                                        Workplace 2023/24 certified employer. This means we have
                        Operating model and executive team changes                      adopted the National Work + Family Standards framework,
                        Effective 29 July 2024, Insignia Financial implemented          which covers flexible work, parental leave, leadership
                        a new operating model to drive increased accountability         culture, family care and family wellbeing. We have also
                        and enhance the focus on growth opportunities across the        commenced work on our Family Friendly Action Plan, which
                        business. The new structure is comprised of four operating      aligns with the framework, making progress towards Insignia
                        lines of business: Asset Management, Master Trust, Wrap         Financial being an even more inclusive workplace.
                        and Advice. Each business line is led by an executive with
                                                                                        Sustainability reporting standards
                        end-to-end accountability to drive improved risk governance
                        and management, positive sustainable growth and                 The Australian Accounting Standards Board has released
                        profitability, and improve customer outcomes.                   Exposure Draft ED SR1 Australian Sustainability Reporting
                                                                                        Standards – Disclosure of Climate-related Financial
                        Further updates to the FY26–30 strategy will be released        Information to propose climate-related financial disclosure
                        prior to 31 December 2024.                                      requirements. The exposure draft proposes three ASRS:




For personal use only
                                                                                        • draft ASRS 1 General Requirements for Disclosure
                        Environmental, social and governance
                                                                                           of Climate-related Financial Information, developed
                        Our ambition to secure financial wellbeing for every               using IFRS S1 General Requirements for Disclosure
                        Australian extends to environmental responsibility, social         of Sustainability-related Financial Information as the
                        equity and community wellbeing. Embedding environmental,           baseline but with a scope limitation to climate-related
                        social and governance (ESG) factors into decision making           financial disclosure;
                        across our business is critical for us to deliver sustainable
                                                                                        • draft ASRS 2 Climate-related Financial Disclosures,
                        long-term growth for the benefit of our customers,
                                                                                           developed using IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures
                        shareholders and people.
                                                                                           as the baseline; and
                        Environmental sustainability                                    • draft ASRS 101 References in Australian Sustainability
                        Insignia Financial has again achieved Climate Active               Reporting Standards, developed as a service standard that
                        certification for the third year, through the offsetting           would be updated periodically to list the relevant versions
                        of operational scope 1, 2 , and 3 emissions.                       of any non-legislative documents published in Australia
                                                                                           and foreign documents that are referenced in the ASRS.
                        We have commenced our operational emissions reduction
                        plan and target setting, which we aim to publish in FY25.       The Australian Government introduced a draft bill into
                        We have also engaged with a new carbon accounting               Parliament in March 2024 that supports the adoption
                        software provider, which will enable us to measure              of the proposed ASRS. The Group has established a cross-
                        our emissions in real time and allow us to prepare for          functional working group to identify gaps in its current
                        reporting carbon emissions aligned to the draft Australian      state of capability and to create an implementation plan
                        Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS).                      in readiness to meet these new ASRS. Based on the draft
                                                                                        legislation, the Group’s first year of reporting under the
                        Community sustainability                                        new ASRS will be for the year ending 30 June 2026.
                        We also commenced a project to automate modern slavery
                        reporting in April 2024 for review and verification purposes.
                        The project aims to provide a clear trace of data used and
                        to record compliance activities.

                        We continue to build on our engagement with First Nations
                        people. As at 30 June 2024, we have completed over 77%
                        of the commitments agreed with Reconciliation Australia
                        as part of our RAP and are on track to deliver on all our
                        commitments by March 2025.




                        16 | Financial report
                        Financial highlights
                        Closing FUMA                                                                    Net profit/loss after tax (NPAT)
                        Growth in FUMA driven by market performance partially                           Impacted by higher remediation and transformation costs
                        offset by outflows and pension payments
                         $297,512m              $294,974m         $311,339m                               $36.8m            $51.2m         ($185.3m)

                                                                                                           $9.2m                            $51.2m
                                                                                                                            $47.0m
                                                                      $89,356m                            $27.6m                            $0.0m
                            $92,346m            $85,941m
                                                                                                                             $4.2m



                                                                                                         ($142.6m)                         ($185.3m)
                         $205,166m              $209,033m         $221,983m




For personal use only
                                                                                                           2022              2023            2024
                            June 2022           June 2023             June 2024
                            FUA         FUM                                                                Continuing       Discontinued


                        Number of advisers                                                              Underlying net profit after tax (UNPAT)
                        Adviser numbers declined as part of the right-sizing journey                    Market-driven revenue growth and the realisation
                        and other strategic initiatives                                                 of optimisation benefits
                             1,600                1,413                 1,086                             $234.5m           $194.9m        $216.6m
                                                                                                          $10.5m                            $0.0m
                                                                                                                             $4.2m


                              798
                                                  686

                                                                        483                               $224.0m                          $216.6m
                                                                                                                            $190.7m
                              546                 485
                                                                        403

                              256                 242                   200
                            June 2022           June 2023             June 2024                            2022              2023            2024
                             Advice services          Self-licensed             Professional services      Continuing       Discontinued


                        Net flows from continuing operations1                                           Dividends (cents per share)
                        Net outflows driven by disruption in the FUA Advised                            2024 final dividend paused to enhance balance sheet and
                        channel pre MLC Wrap transition and institutional                               strategic flexibility
                        rebalancing in Asset Management’s direct capabilities
                            ($1,240m)            $667m                ($3,413m)

                                                 $1,243m

                            ($585m)              ($576m)
                                                                      ($1,472m)
                            ($655m)                                                                        23.6 c
                                                                                                                             19.8 c

                                                                                                                             19.5 c
                                                                      ($1,941m)                                                              9.3 c



                              2022                2023                  2024                               2022              2023            2024
                             FUA          FUM



                        1    Net flows related to JANA are excluded in 2022 ($1,154m outflow) and 2023 ($1,602m outflow).
                                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 17
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Financial performance                                             Funds under management and administration

                        Net profit/loss after tax                                          As at                            30 Jun 2024    30 Jun 2023

                        Net profit/loss after tax (NPAT) for the year ended                                                         $m             $m

                        30 June 2024 was a $185.3m loss (30 June 2023: $51.2m              Funds under administration          221,983        209,033
                        profit). The $236.5m decrease is mostly attributable to            (FUA)
                        a $222.5m increase in remediation costs and penalties,             Funds under management               89,356         85,941
                                                                                           (FUM)
                        $95.9m increase in transformation and separation costs and
                        a $47.0m reduction in profit from discontinued operations,         FUMA                                311,339        294,974
                        partially offset by $73.5m increase in income tax benefits.
                                                                                          The growth in FUMA was driven by $23.4b favourable
                        Remediation and APRA action                                       market performance, partially offset by $3.4b net outflows
                        Remediation provision expense in FY24 is $269.6m.                 and $3.7b of pension payments.
                        The expense has been driven by:
                                                                                          Advice




For personal use only
                        • Increase of $117.3m related to completed assessments            At 30 June 2024, there were 1,086 advisers in the Insignia
                           for self-employed advisers which exhibited higher
                                                                                          Financial network (30 June 2023: 1,413). The number
                           failure rates than expected based on past experience.
                                                                                          of advisers decreased by 327 primarily due to the sale
                           Assessments for these advisers have been completed;
                                                                                          of Godfrey Pembroke Pty Ltd to its advisers and the sale
                        • $58.4m estimate for a small number of advisers where            of the Millennium3 business.
                           assessments are not yet finalised and will be completed
                           internally. This assessment is based on assumptions
                                                                                          Reconciliation of UNPAT to NPAT
                           updated for the recent Quality of Advice detriment             The following table, which has not been audited by the
                           experience;                                                    external auditor, provides a reconciliation between the
                                                                                          UNPAT and NPAT of the continuing operations of the Group,
                        • $48.2m estimate for provisions relating to the court
                                                                                          excluding the results of the statutory funds.
                           enforceable undertaking to APRA from OnePath
                           Custodians Pty Limited (OPC) including client remediation      Shareholders can review the more detailed results
                           and infringement notices of $10.7m; and                        presentation by visiting the Company website at
                        • $45.7m estimate for other product remediation                   www.insigniafinancial.com.au.
                           provisions including historic product remediation.
                                                                                                                                  2024           2023
                        Underlying net profit after tax                                                                             $m             $m
                        Underlying net profit after tax (UNPAT) is a non-IFRS metric       (Loss)/profit for the year            (185.3)          51.2
                        that is used by management to monitor the financial
                                                                                           Less: profit from discontinued             –          (47.0)
                        performance of the Group. In calculating UNPAT, the Group          operations
                        reverses the impact on profit of certain, predominantly
                                                                                           (Loss)/profit from continuing        (185.3)            4.2
                        non-recurring items, to enable a better understanding of its       operations
                        underlying operational result. It is the UNPAT result that will    UNPAT adjustments relating to continuing operations
                        be analysed in detail in this section of the Directors’ Report.
                                                                                            Transformation and                   257.7          161.8
                        UNPAT for the year ended 30 June 2024 was $216.6m                   separation costs
                        (30 June 2023: $194.9m), an increase of $21.7m mostly               Remediation costs                    232.4            19.1
                        driven by higher average FUMA and the realisation of cost           Penalties                             10.7                 –
                        optimisation benefits.                                              Amortisation of acquired              76.1            80.2
                                                                                            intangibles
                                                                                            Net gains on financial                (14.0)          (3.6)
                                                                                            instruments
                                                                                            Income tax attributable              (161.0)         (71.2)
                                                                                           UNPAT adjustments relating            401.9          186.3
                                                                                           to continuing operations
                                                                                           Non-controlling interests                  –            0.2
                                                                                           UNPAT from continuing                 216.6          190.7
                                                                                           operations
                                                                                           UNPAT from discontinued                    –            4.2
                                                                                           operations
                                                                                           UNPAT                                 216.6          194.9


                        18 | Financial report
                        Transformation and separation costs: Expenses                 Penalties: Penalties issued by APRA for alleged breaches
                        associated with platform simplification, separation of the    of the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993.
                        MLC and ANZ P&I businesses, MLC Wrap migration and
                                                                                      Amortisation of acquired intangibles: Amortisation
                        the transition to the Advice Services partnership model.
                                                                                      of acquired intangible assets over their useful lives. This
                        These expenses include salaries and related employee
                                                                                      excludes amortisation of internally developed software.
                        expenses, information technology costs, professional fees,
                        office support and administration costs directly related to   Net gains on financial instruments: Includes (gains)/losses
                        these activities.                                             from fair value movements on financial instruments.

                        Remediation costs: Expenses recognised in the Group’s         Income tax attributable: Income tax on UNPAT
                        structured remediation provisions including customer          adjusted items.
                        compensation and associated costs. It includes any related
                                                                                      Discontinued operations: Results of the AET business
                        indemnities and costs recovered.
                                                                                      and the gain recognised on AET divestment.

                        Key financial results




For personal use only
                                                                                                2024            2023                     Movement
                                                                                                                          favourable /(unfavourable)
                                                                                                  $m             $m              $m                 %
                         Net revenue                                                         1,392.8         1,379.7            13.1            0.9%
                         Operating expenses                                                  (1,011.5)      (1,035.7)           24.2            2.3%
                         Net financing costs                                                    (30.3)         (32.2)            1.9            5.9%
                         Net non-cash items                                                     (48.3)         (51.3)            3.0            5.8%
                         Income tax expense                                                     (86.1)         (70.0)          (16.1)         (23.0%)
                         Non-controlling interests                                                  –            0.2             (0.2)       (100.0%)
                         UNPAT from continuing operations                                      216.6           190.7            25.9           13.6%
                         UNPAT adjustments:
                         Transformation and separation costs                                  (257.7)         (161.8)          (95.9)         (59.3%)
                         Remediation costs                                                    (232.4)          (19.1)         (213.3)           (large)
                         Penalties                                                              (10.7)             –           (10.7)           (large)
                         Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                   (76.1)         (80.2)            4.1            5.1%
                         Net gains on financial instruments                                     14.0             3.6            10.4            large
                         Income tax attributable                                               161.0            71.2            89.8            large
                         Non-controlling interests                                                  –            (0.2)           0.2         100.0%
                         (Loss)/profit from continuing operations                             (185.3)            4.2          (189.5)           (large)

                        Net revenue                                                   Operating expenses
                                                                                      Decrease in operating expenses is primarily due
                                Asset                                                 to $3.2m reduction in employee costs, $21.3m decrease
                          Management                                Corporate
                                                                                      in administrative expenses and $1.5m decrease in other
                             $210.0m                                $15.6m
                                                                                      expenses, partially offset by $1.8m increase in information
                                                                                      technology costs.
                           Advice                  Net revenue
                         $205.7m                   ($1,392.8m)                        Net financing costs
                                                   by segment
                                                                                      Decrease in net financing costs is contributed by the $11.0m
                                                                        Platforms
                                                                                      increase in finance income from higher interest rates on
                                                                        $961.5m
                                                                                      cash and fixed income investments, partially offset by $9.1m
                                                                                      increase in finance costs due to increases in interest rates
                                                                                      on the syndicated facility agreement (SFA).

                        Increase in net revenue was driven by $36.9m reduction        Net non-cash items
                        in service fees and other direct costs, $10.0m growth in      Decrease in net non-cash items is largely driven by $3.5m
                        other revenue and $1.3m increase in shares of profits         decrease in impairment expenses, partially offset by $0.5m
                        from associates, partially offset by $35.1m reduction in      increase in depreciation expense.
                        management and service fee revenue.

                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 19
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Shareholder returns
                                                                                                    2024             2023              2022                2021             2020

                         (Loss)/profit attributable to the shareholders                           (185.3)             51.4              36.8             (142.6)            141.2
                         of Insignia Financial Ltd ($m)
                         (Loss)/profit from continuing operations ($m)                            (185.3)              4.2              27.6             (152.8)             52.8
                         Basic EPS (cents per share)                                               (27.9)              7.9                  5.7            (24.2)            40.3
                         Diluted EPS (cents per share)                                             (27.9)              7.9                  5.7            (24.2)            40.3
                         Basic EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                       (27.9)              0.7                  4.3            (25.9)            15.1
                         UNPAT ($m)                                                                216.6            194.9             234.5               147.8             128.8
                         UNPAT from continuing operations ($m)                                     216.6            190.7             224.0               136.1             124.0
                         UNPAT EPS (cents per share)                                                32.6              29.7              36.1               25.1              36.8
                         UNPAT EPS (continuing operations) (cents per share)                        32.6              29.0              34.5               23.1              35.4




For personal use only
                         Dividends declared ($m)       (1)
                                                                                                    62.0            130.7             153.8               149.3             121.2
                         Dividends per share (cents per share)(1)                                    9.3              19.8              23.6               23.0              34.5
                         Opening share price                                                       $2.82            $2.69             $4.27               $4.92             $5.17
                         Closing share price at 30 June                                            $2.29            $2.82             $2.69               $4.27             $4.92
                         NPAT return on equity (statutory measure)(2)                            (8.47%)            2.17%             1.50%              (5.74%)           8.28%
                         UNPAT return on equity (non-statutory measure)(2)                        9.90%             8.24%             9.52%              5.96%             7.59%

                        (1) Dividends declared and dividends per share are those paid or declared from the relevant financial year’s profits.
                        (2) Return on equity is calculated by dividing profit or loss and UNPAT attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd by average equity during
                            the year.

                        Financial position
                                                                                                                             30 Jun 2024          30 Jun 2023         Favourable/
                                                                                                                                                                    (Unfavourable)

                                                                                                                                      $m                 $m                     %
                         Assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 421.7               505.6               (16.6%)
                         Receivables                                                                                               269.3               268.7                0.2%
                         Other financial assets                                                                                    204.5               282.3               (27.6%)
                         Other assets                                                                                              125.0               150.8               (17.1%)
                         Assets classified as held for sale                                                                         26.7             1,148.0                (large)
                         Property and equipment                                                                                    109.1               146.0               (25.3%)
                         Intangible assets                                                                                       2,424.8             2,503.4                (3.1%)
                         Deferred tax assets                                                                                          7.6                  –                large
                         Total assets                                                                                            3,588.7             5,004.8              (28.3%)
                         Liabilities
                         Payables                                                                                                  171.9               195.8               12.2%
                         Other financial liabilities                                                                                12.2                20.1               39.3%
                         Provisions                                                                                                427.5               365.2               (17.1%)
                         Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                                             15.2             1,105.4                large
                         Lease liabilities                                                                                         138.7               161.8               14.3%
                         Borrowings                                                                                                778.8               775.6                (0.4%)
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       –               51.1              100.0%
                         Total liabilities                                                                                       1,544.3             2,675.0               42.3%
                         Net assets                                                                                              2,044.4             2,329.8              (12.2%)
                         Number of ordinary shares (million)                                                                       670.7               662.6                (1.2%)
                         Net assets per ordinary share ($ per share)                                                                3.05                3.52               (13.4%)


                        20 | Financial report
                        Cash and cash equivalents decreased by $83.9m mostly             Provisions increased by $62.3m driven by a net increase
                        due to payments for transformation and separation                in remediation provisions of $269.6m, a net $4.6m increase
                        activities, remediation and dividends, partially offset by       in employee entitlement provision, partially offset by
                        reduction in other financial assets held for operating           remediation payments of $205.8m and $6.1m net decrease
                        risk financial requirement (ORFR) purposes and                   in other provisions.
                        operating profits.
                                                                                         Lease liabilities decreased $23.1m primarily due to lease
                        Receivables increased by $0.6m driven by $1.7m reduction         payments made during the year.
                        in loss allowances, partially offset by $1.1m timing increase
                                                                                         Borrowings have increased by $3.2m due to the $6.5m
                        in gross trade and other receivables.
                                                                                         accrual of interest expenses, partially offset by a $3.3m
                        Other financial assets decreased $77.8m due to a                 revaluation gain.
                        reduction in fixed income financial assets held as part of the
                        ORFR on behalf of superannuation funds following the MLC         Capital and liquidity management
                        Wrap migration.
                                                                                         Capital and liquidity positions are assessed on a monthly




For personal use only
                        Other assets decreased by $25.8m driven by $33.1m                basis to ensure license requirements and lending covenants
                        decrease in current tax assets, partially offset by $3.9m        are met at all times. As part of this process any capital or
                        increase in prepayments, $3.0m increase in the value             liquidity surplus/needs across the Group are identified and
                        of the defined benefit plan and $0.4m increase in equity         addressed. Existing balance sheet capacity is expected
                        accounted associates.                                            to remain sufficient for the coming years.

                        Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale have          Capital management
                        decreased by $1,121.3m and $1,090.2m respectively driven         The Group’s capital management principles are to maximise
                        by the divestment of IOOF Ltd (including statutory funds).       returns to shareholders through enabling the execution
                        Property and equipment decreased by $36.9m which                 of the Group’s strategy whilst remaining compliant with
                        was driven by $45.9m depreciation expenses, $3.2m early          the Group’s risk appetite statement and regulatory
                        lease incentive payment, offset by the recognition of $9.6m      financial requirements.
                        net right-of-use assets and the purchase of $2.6m other          As part of its capital management strategy, the Group
                        property and equipment assets.                                   continually assesses whether it is optimising its use
                        Net deferred taxes have increased $58.7m consistent              of capital and may adjust the amount of dividends paid
                        with the increase in remediation provisions as well as the       to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new
                        recognition of deferred tax assets from current year tax         shares or adjust debt levels. The Group monitors capital
                        losses and carry forward tax offsets.                            through the Group’s risk appetite framework, managing
                                                                                         it as investment, working and regulatory capital.
                        Intangible assets decreased by $78.6m driven by
                        amortisation expenses.                                           The Group has maintained its focus on balance sheet
                                                                                         strength by extending the maturity dates of the SFA
                        Payables decreased by $23.9m due to timing and lower             and disciplined expense management.
                        investment management fees payable.

                        Other financial liabilities decreased by $7.9m driven
                        by the fair value movements on derivatives.




                                                                                                                                    Financial report | 21
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Liquidity management                                              Dividends
                        The Group actively manages liquidity risk by maintaining an
                                                                                          In order to enhance balance sheet flexibility, accelerate cost
                        appropriate framework of liquidity sources to satisfy current
                                                                                          reduction and strategic growth opportunities and finalise
                        and forecast liquidity needs and continual monitoring
                                                                                          remediation, the Board has decided to pause dividends.
                        of consolidated forecast and actual cash flows.                   No final 2024 dividend has been declared.
                        Surplus funds are generally only invested in instruments          This prudent decision, in view of the macro environment
                        that are tradeable in highly liquid markets. In addition,         outlook, will strengthen the capital structure of the
                        a 3-year forecast of cash flows is prepared on a monthly          Company and accelerate deleveraging. There is no change
                        basis to ensure there is sufficient liquidity within the Group.   to the Company’s long-term dividend target of paying
                        During the year, cash decreased by $83.9m mostly due              60–90% of UNPAT.
                        to payments for transformation and separation activities,         Further details on dividends declared or paid during the
                        remediation and dividends, partially offset by reduction          year are set out in Note 6 Dividends in the financial report.
                        in other financial assets held for ORFR purposes and




For personal use only
                        operating profits.

                        During the year, the Group extended the maturity dates
                        of the SFA by 18 months. At 30 June 2024, the SFA facility
                        had a debt duration profile of approximately 3.2 years
                        (calculated on a facility limited basis) (30 June 2023:
                        2.7 years).

                        The SFA has a total facility limit of $955.0m. As at
                        30 June 2024, the Group had $318.3m undrawn facility
                        available under the SFA (30 June 2023: $325.0m).

                        The Group also has $200m subordinated loan notes (SLN)
                        issued to the National Australia Bank. The SLN matures
                        31 May 2026 with multiple early redemption options
                        available to both the issuer and the holder.

                        The Group is subject to certain financial covenants as part
                        of its SFA, including a maximum ratio of net debt to EBITDA
                        (leverage ratio) and a minimum interest cover (interest
                        cover ratio). The Group complied with all these covenants
                        throughout the year.




                        22 | Financial report
                        Platforms (continuing operations)
                                                  The Platforms segment provides a range                         FUA net flows
                              Closing             of superannuation and investment solutions
                                                                                                                 The Workplace channel remains in a strong
                                                  to investors, superannuation fund members,
                               FUA                employers and advisers across Wrap and
                                                                                                                 net flow positive position due to positive
                                                                                                                 organic growth. Although the net flows are
                              $222.0b             Master Trust structures.
                                                                                                                 $587m less than 2023, the 2023 net flows
                         (30 Jun 2023: $209.0b)   Financial performance                                          were particularly strong due to new business
                                                                                                                 wins in that year.
                                                                 Net revenue margin %
                                                               0.58 0.60
                              UNPAT                0.55 0.54                           0.54
                                                                                              0.59               In the Advised channel, net flows have
                                                                                                     0.45 0.47
                                                                                                                 declined driven by the increased outflows
                             $230.5m                                       0.35 0.37
                                                                                                                 in advance of the migration from MLC Wrap
                                                                                                                 to Expand in March 2024. This has been
                            (2023: $233.3m)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 partially offset by strong flows post-migration,
                                                                                                                 demonstrating the support for the Advised
                           Net revenue                                                                           offer along with the $1.8 billion transition
                                                  Workplace Personal       Advised      Closed/        Total     to Insignia Financial’s private label Rhythm
                              $961.5m                 2024          2023
                                                                                       Transition
                                                                                                                 offering. Managed Accounts continue to
                                                                                                                 show growth with FUA increasing to $9 billion
                           (2023: $952.8m)        Net revenue increased by $8.7m                                 by 30 June 2024.
                                                  predominantly as a result of positive                                               Net ﬂows $m
                                                  investment market performance throughout                               1,966
                                                  the year, resulting in the growth in average                   1,379
                                                  FUA in 2024.

                                                  The decline in net revenue margin from
                                   $961.5m
                                                  47bps to 45bps is the outcome of strategic
                                                                                                                                                       (512)
                                                  initiatives including:
                                                                                                                                 (985) (885)   (928)           (938)
                                                                                                                                                                       (1,145)
                                                  • the repricing of Expand in 2023 and the
                                                                                                                 Workplace        Personal      Advised          Closed/
                                                     migration of $39 billion FUA to Expand
                            Operating                in April 2024 as part of the MLC Wrap                          2024          2023
                                                                                                                                                                Transition


                            expenses                 migration;
                                                  • the transition of ASA members to Smart                       Strategy and outlook
                             $622.3m                 Choice Employer in June 2023; and                           The successful and highly complex migration
                                                  • the transition of legacy OneAnswer                           of MLC Wrap to Expand in March 2024
                           (2023: $606.2m)
                                                     members to OneAnswer Frontier                               saw $39 billion of FUA transition to our
                                                     in June 2023.                                               contemporary technology. While the benefits
                               NPAT                                                                              of simplification will be delivered over several
                                                  Operating expenses increased by                                years, it now enables our main focus to
                              $14.8m              $16.1m largely driven by increases in                          switch to growth within the Wrap segment
                                                  cyber security, governance, and licence                        in the Advised channel. The opportunity
                            (2023: $114.7m)       condition rectification partially offset                       to innovate and better serve the needs of
                                                  by optimisation benefits.                                      advisers and customers becomes a priority
                                                  NPAT from continuing operations decreased                      with enhancements to the product suite
                                                  $99.9m primarily driven by $59.1m higher                       including adviser productivity, insight tools
                                                  transformation and separation costs                            and functionality.
                                                  and penalties, and an $83.6m increase in                       As the separation from the NAB technology
                                                  remediation costs, partially offset by related                 environment nears completion, focus will
                                                  income tax expenses.                                           shift towards reducing complexity and the
                                                  Refer to Note 2 Operating segments for details.                cost to serve in the go-forward Master Trust
                                                                                                                 registry platform.




                                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 23
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Asset Management
                                                      The Asset Management segment provides                      NPAT decreased by $15.6m driven by
                            Closing FUM               investment management services to                          $13.7m decrease in net revenue, $9.7m
                                                      institutional, retail and direct customers                 higher transformation and separation
                                  $89.4b              across a diverse range of asset classes                    costs; partially offset by $2.3m reduction
                                                      and product structures.                                    in operating expenses and $5.1m related
                          (30 Jun 2023: $85.9b)
                                                                                                                 income tax benefits and $0.4m other
                                                      Financial performance
                                                                                                                 income and expenses.
                                 UNPAT                                  Net revenue margin %
                                                                                                                 Refer to Note 2 Operating segments for details.
                                  $64.1m                                     0.44   0.44
                                                                                                                 FUM net flows1
                                                        0.31     0.32                                                                  Net ﬂows $m
                               (2023: $72.9m)
                                                                                                                                 1,057




For personal use only
                                                                                               0.17   0.19
                                                                                                                       349
                            Net revenue                                                                                                                      186



                                $210.0m               IOOF multi-asset     MLC multi-asset Direct capabilities

                             (2023: $223.7m)              2024           2023
                                                                                                                                                (2,290)
                                                      Net revenue declined by $13.7m compared
                                                                                                                         Multi-asset            Direct capabilities
                                                      to 2023 primarily as result of changes in the
                               $210.0m                                                                                2024             2023
                                                      commercial relationship with JANA Investment
                                                      Advisors, the repricing of mandates with
                                                                                                                 Direct capability flows were negative
                                                      cornerstone institutional investors in the
                                                                                                                 $2.3bn in 2024 primarily due to institutional
                                                      private equity and alternative strategies
                                                                                                                 customers rebalancing in both Antares Fixed
                                                      capabilities and the divestment of IOOF Ltd
                                                                                                                 Income and Intermede with outflows mainly
                                                      in October 2023.
                                                                                                                 confined to the first half of 2024.
                                                      Excluding the impact of IOOF Ltd, FUM has
                                                                                                                 Whilst multi-asset flows were positive, they
                              Operating               shown robust growth driven by the strong
                                                                                                                 were $0.7bn lower than 2023 driven by
                                                      domestic and international equity markets.
                              expenses                This has however been tempered by net
                                                                                                                 outflows in the traditional retail managed
                                                                                                                 funds despite strong growth in MLC’s
                                                      outflows of $1.9bn in FY24 as a result of
                                 $118.6m              institutional customers rebalancing for
                                                                                                                 contemporary managed accounts solution.

                              (2023: $120.9m)         a number of reasons including changes                      Strategy and outlook
                                                      in asset allocation profiles.                              Asset Management continues to be
                                                                                                                 an integral contributor to the wider
                                   NPAT               Net revenue margin has declined by 1.4bps
                                                                                                                 transformation and simplification strategy
                                                      to 24bps in FY24 as a result of the repricing
                                  $37.7m              of the private equity capability in late 2023.             whilst continuing to execute on individual
                                                      Margins in multi-asset remained relatively                 capabilities, with a strong focus on
                               (2023: $53.3m)                                                                    broadening the distribution reach of the MLC
                                                      stable with only modest declines driven by
                                                      product mix, reflecting the relatively stable              managed accounts capability and expanding
                                                      nature of the customer base, the fixed nature              MLC’s leading private equity capability
                                                      of most fee structures and the minimal                     to a broader customer base
                                                      change in product mix.

                                                      Decline in net revenue was partially offset
                                                      by a $2.3m reduction in operating expenses
                                                      driven by optimisation benefits.




                                                                                                                 1   JANA net flows excluded.




                        24 | Financial report
                        Advice
                                                 The Advice segment provides quality financial             Number of advisers
                           Number of             advice that is accessible, affordable and
                                                                                                           The number of advisers decreased by 327
                                                 engaging for Australians. The business helps
                            advisers             clients navigate their way through a range of
                                                                                                           for the year ended 30 June 2024, primarily
                                                                                                           through the sale of GPG to advisers and the
                                   1,086         financial services and solutions and educates
                                                                                                           sale of the M3 licence.
                                                 clients to improve their financial wellbeing.
                                                                                                                            Advice numbers
                         (30 June 2023: 1,413)
                                                 Financial performance
                                                                                                                                      686
                                                                 Net revenue margin $m
                              UNPAT              146.7                                                                         483                        485
                                                         134.2                                                                                    403
                            $4.1m loss                                                                              242
                                                                                                              200
                          (2023: $33.9m loss)




For personal use only
                                                                                                    35.5     Professional    Advise services      Self-licensed
                                                                 27.6 32.0
                          Net revenue                                         4.0   2.9
                                                                                             27.4              services
                                                                                                              2024        2023

                             $205.7m             Professional
                                                   services
                                                                   Advise
                                                                  services
                                                                             Self-licensed     Other
                                                                                                           Departures from professional services were
                                                     2024         2023                                     a result of right-sizing of adviser numbers
                           (2023: $204.6m)
                                                                                                           within Bridges.
                                                 Net revenue improved marginally by $1.1m
                                                 due to the following:                                     Departures in advice services were driven by
                                                 • strong new client growth and lower                      the sale of GPG to advisers and the sale of the
                                                    refunds in Bridges Financial Services; and             M3 licence.
                         $205.7m
                                                 • record new client growth and higher asset-              Departures in the self-licensed channel were
                                                    based fee income in Shadforth Financial                primarily due to the sale of larger practices
                                                    Group reflecting favourable market                     and the exit of several smaller businesses.
                                                    performance;
                                                                                                           Strategy and outlook
                                                 partially offset by
                            Operating                                                                      The Advice strategy announced in late
                                                 • a decrease in advice services revenue from              July 2023 was successfully executed by
                            expenses                the sale of Godfrey Pembroke Group Pty                 30 June 2024. This included divesting M3, sale
                                                    Ltd (GPG) to Godfrey Pembroke advisers                 of GPG to advisers and standing up Rhombus
                             $202.6m                and sale of the Millennium3 (M3) licence               Advisory, a new partnership model for the
                           (2023: $240.5m)          to WT Financial.                                       RI Advice and Consultum licensees.
                                                 Operating expenses reduced by $37.9m from                 Moving forward, Advice through its retained
                               NPAT              optimisation benefits realised from Advice
                                                 strategic initiatives.
                                                                                                           professional services channel will focus on
                                                                                                           creating more value for clients, enhancing
                          $146.4m loss           NPAT decreased by $83.7m primarily driven                 client engagement, and accelerating
                                                 by the $149.5m increase in remediation                    business profitability.
                          (2023: $62.7m loss)
                                                 provisions and the $12.5m increase in
                                                 transformation and separation costs,
                                                 partially offset by $37.9m reduction in
                                                 operating expenses, $1.1m stronger revenue
                                                 performance and related income tax benefits.

                                                 Refer to Note 2 Operating segments for details.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report | 25
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        Corporate
                                                      The Corporate segment comprises group           Financial performance
                              Operating               functions required to support the Group and
                                                                                                      Operating expenses remain flat
                                                      operating segments.
                              expenses                                                                in comparison with prior year.
                                                      Activities performed by the segment are of
                                                                                                      The reduction in net loss after tax was
                                 $68.0m               a strategic, shareholder or governance nature
                                                                                                      mostly driven by $12.8m gains on businesses
                                                      and reflect centralised corporate expenses.
                               (2023: $68.1m)                                                         divested during the year.
                                                      The segment also includes the financial
                                                                                                      Refer to Note 2 Operating segments for details.
                                                      results from the Group’s divestment program.
                                 UNPAT
                              $73.9m loss




For personal use only
                            (2023: $81.6m loss)


                                   NPAT
                              $91.4m loss
                            (2023: $101.1m loss)




                        26 | Financial report
                        Risk management                                                 In November 2022, APRA imposed additional licence
                                                                                        conditions on the Registrable Superannuation Entity
                        The Board is responsible for establishing and overseeing        Licensees (RSELs). These conditions included:
                        the Group’s Risk Management Framework (RMF) and has
                                                                                        • Enhancement of the RSELs’ governance in relation to
                        delegated authority for the oversight and monitoring of
                                                                                          member outcomes, oversight of service providers, risk,
                        the RMF to the Group Risk and Compliance Committee
                                                                                          compliance and managing conflicts of interest;
                        and the Chief Executive Officer (or their delegate). The RMF
                        constitutes a clearly defined framework of proactive risk       • Appointment of an independent expert to examine the
                        identification, assessment and targeted management of             operational effectiveness of the RSELs’ governance,
                        risk across all Insignia Financial’s business operations in       accountability and risk management frameworks and
                        managing material risks. The key pillars of the RMF include:      practices; and

                        • The Group Risk Management Strategy (RMS) which                • Rectification of areas of concern with input from the
                           articulates the Group’s approach to the implementation         independent expert.
                           of its strategic objectives and the key elements of the      Additionally, APRA required:




For personal use only
                           RMF that give effect to the strategy. It also includes a
                                                                                        • I.O.O.F Investment Management Limited to comply with
                           description of each material risk, including key roles and
                                                                                          its legal obligation in relation to the transfer of member
                           responsibilities for managing the risk, and outlines the
                                                                                          benefits; and
                           risk governance structure;
                                                                                        • OnePath Custodians Pty Limited (OPC) to appoint an
                        • The Group Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), which sets
                                                                                          independent expert to provide root cause analysis and
                           out the Board’s expectations regarding the degree of
                                                                                          assurance in relation to the breach of APRA’s direction.
                           risk that the Group is prepared to accept in pursuit of
                           strategic and business objectives, giving consideration      A Rectification Action Plan was developed and the Group
                           to the interests of customers, shareholders and              has made material progress in addressing rectification
                           other stakeholders;                                          activities. The plan has considered changes broader than
                        • The Group Risk Management Policy (RMP) which sets             the Independent Expert findings.
                           out the methodology to identify, assess, manage,             On 22 July 2024, APRA agreed to accept a court enforceable
                           analyse, monitor and report on those risks that could        undertaking (CEU) from OPC pledging to rectify compliance
                           impact the achievement of strategic objectives, impact       deficiencies and compensate members. The CEU is publicly
                           core processes and/or result in non-compliance               available and relates to the conduct for which APRA issued
                           with obligations;                                            the infringement notices as well as the ongoing remediation
                        • A 3LoA model to govern risk management and                    of a breach relating to accrued default amounts.
                           compliance activities across the Group. The 3LoA
                                                                                        OPC has acknowledged APRA’s concerns in the CEU and has
                           model represents the three lines of risk management
                                                                                        committed to:
                           that facilitate the effective operation of the RMF. The
                                                                                        • identify, rectify, and remediate all members adversely
                           overarching principle is that the management of risk
                                                                                          affected by the breaches with input from an
                           is primarily a business accountability; and
                                                                                          independent expert;
                        • The Risk Culture principles, which are essential for
                                                                                        • allocate additional resources to replenish the Operational
                           effective risk management outcomes that support
                                                                                          Risk Financial Requirement to 100% of the target balance
                           the Group’s financial and operational resilience.
                                                                                          of 0.25% of funds under management; and
                                                                                        • hold $40m of its existing Operational Risk Financial
                                                                                          Requirement assets as an overlay until OPC has satisfied
                                                                                          the terms of the CEU.




                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 27
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                        The Group manages a number of risks in conducting its operations and implementing its strategy. Material risks faced by the
                        Group include, but may not be limited to those shown in the following table.

                         Material risk            Context                                              Key actions to manage the risk
                         Strategic change         We aim to achieve financial wellbeing for every      The Group adopts a business planning process for
                         agenda                   Australian. Through strategic transformation,        setting strategic and business initiatives investing
                                                  we are simplifying our business operations and       in client service, product design, stakeholder
                                                  services to better meet the needs and outcomes       relationships, market research, participation in
                                                  of our clients.                                      consultation processes and other continuous
                                                  We actively manage existing and emerging risks       improvement initiatives.
                                                  arising from these changes, as well as in our        The Group adopts an enterprise delivery
                                                  regulatory and competitive landscape.                framework that sets consistent standards and
                                                                                                       expectations on how we manage risks in the
                                                                                                       delivery of key strategic initiatives.
                                                                                                       The Group Executive Risk Forum supports the
                                                                                                       oversight of identifying and assessing emerging




For personal use only
                                                                                                       risks to the Group and assessment of the impacts
                                                                                                       of current and emerging environmental, social,
                                                                                                       business and regulatory risks and exposures to
                                                                                                       the extent they do or may have consequences
                                                                                                       for the Group.

                         Environment, Social      We continue to strengthen our commitment             The Group manages a range of ESG risks in
                         and Governance (ESG)     to environmental, social and governance (ESG)        accordance with the implementation of the IFL
                                                  principles, and are now a certified Climate Active   ESG strategy and outlined actions and goals. This
                                                  organisation by recognising the offsetting of our    includes not conducting business or maintaining
                                                  operational carbon emissions.                        relationships with suppliers or partners known to
                                                  The Group’s financial performance and reputation     be involved in modern slavery, money laundering,
                                                  can be adversely impacted by not adequately          terrorism financing, or human rights violators,
                                                  identifying, assessing and managing ESG factors.     as well as those operating in industries with
                                                                                                       unacceptable ESG risks.
                                                                                                       Climate related risks across four key business
                                                                                                       pillars (corporate operations, superannuation,
                                                                                                       asset management and advice) are thoroughly
                                                                                                       assessed through climate risk reporting using the
                                                                                                       Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosure
                                                                                                       (TCFD) framework to improve our processes,
                                                                                                       frameworks and disclosures in managing climate
                                                                                                       change risks and opportunities.
                                                                                                       Responsible investment protocols and processes
                                                                                                       are in place for identifying and managing material
                                                                                                       ESG impacts, risks and opportunities across
                                                                                                       investment schemes and products.




                        28 | Financial report
                        Material risk         Context                                                 Key actions to manage the risk
                        Governance            We have made progress in our governance uplift          The Group has a Rectification Action Plan and
                                              to assist our Board and management to make              is in the process of implementing the agreed
                                              decisions in the interests of the Group and the best    actions. The plan has considered changes broader
                                              financial interests of clients in accordance with but   than the Independent Expert findings. The
                                              not limited to the below to achieve the highest of      Group is committed to working with the RSELs
                                              standards:                                              to satisfactorily address these changes in the
                                              • ASX Corporate Governance Principles and               timeframes set out in the plan.
                                                Recommendations;                                      Executive Risk Forums support the oversight
                                              • Registrable Superannuation Entities’ obligations;     of risks and obligations within appetite, relevant
                                              • Responsible Entities’ obligations; and                emerging risks to the Group and reinforcement
                                                                                                      of desired organisational behaviours including
                                              • Discharging of fiduciary duties in good faith and
                                                                                                      accountability for risk management.
                                                in the best interests of clients.
                                                                                                      The Group has in place the Conflicts Management
                                                                                                      Framework to identify, assess, mitigate, manage
                                                                                                      and monitor conflicts.




For personal use only
                                                                                                      The Member Office (MO) and Office of the
                                                                                                      Responsible Entity (ORE) act independently to
                                                                                                      the Risk Management function to set expected
                                                                                                      standards of governance and to oversee adherence
                                                                                                      to those standards by the Group in respect to
                                                                                                      advocating for member outcomes, members’ best
                                                                                                      financial interests and investors’ best interests.
                                                                                                      Remuneration and consequence management
                                                                                                      frameworks are in place to address legal and
                                                                                                      regulatory compliance requirements, promoting
                                                                                                      fair remuneration outcomes and reward
                                                                                                      appropriate behaviours.

                        Financial stability   Effective capital and debt management is                The Group has a syndicated facility agreement
                                              imperative to meet the Group’s ongoing funding          providing diversity of funding and flexibility to
                                              requirements and to manage volatility in                manage working capital needs across the Group.
                                              economic conditions.                                    The liquidity and capital requirements of the Group
                                              The capital requirements of the Group may be            and its licensed entities are regularly reviewed
                                              affected by earnings, asset growth, regulatory          and carefully monitored in accordance with risk
                                              changes and strategic decisions – including             appetite, banking covenants, licence requirements
                                              acquisitions, divestments and changes in capital        and regulatory capital requirements.
                                              – intensive businesses.                                 Market risk is managed by holding diversified short
                                                                                                      and long- term investment mixes and loans in
                                                                                                      accordance with the Group Capital Management
                                                                                                      policy. Where appropriate derivatives are used to
                                                                                                      manage the exposures.
                                                                                                      Liquidity risk is managed by maintaining sufficient
                                                                                                      liquid assets and an ability to access a committed
                                                                                                      line of credit.




                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 29
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                         Material risk           Context                                                Key actions to manage the risk
                         Investment governance   As a leading provider of asset management,             Investment governance is managed at the
                                                 advisory and fiduciary investment administrative       subsidiary company level and not at Group level.
                                                 services in Australia, our ability to effectively      Each applicable entity will address the following:
                                                 manage and advise on the investment risks              • Investment risk is managed in accordance
                                                 impacts the level of funds under management              with the strategies described in the Product
                                                 or administration and in turn our revenue.               Disclosure Statement (PDS).
                                                 If the investment governance framework is not          • Multiple teams are responsible to implement
                                                 effective to navigate the changing investment            Investment Governance Frameworks that
                                                 market, there is a risk that investment decisions        meet the requirements of relevant obligations,
                                                 are not in line with investment strategies               investment objectives and strategies at both
                                                 and objectives, best interest of clients and             fund and investment option levels, liquidity
                                                 regulatory requirements.                                 management, stress testing, valuation and roles
                                                                                                          and responsibilities.
                                                                                                        • The Head of Responsible Investment (RI) is
                                                                                                          responsible for considering contemporary




For personal use only
                                                                                                          RI issues as raised by external stakeholders,
                                                                                                          including regulators and clients to make
                                                                                                          recommendations on how the organisation can
                                                                                                          further evolve in RI and therefore developing the
                                                                                                          approach to RI and making recommendations
                                                                                                          on how the organisation can evolve in this space.

                         Customer outcomes       We are committed to delivering sustainable and         Mandatory training on Our Code of Conduct
                                                 optimal customer outcomes. We continue to              completed by employees annually which sets the
                                                 mitigate against instances where our frameworks,       expected standards of behaviour for everyone
                                                 product design or practices may fail to prevent        at Insignia Financial.
                                                 inappropriate, unethical or unlawful behaviour         The Member Office has implemented a member
                                                 by an IFL entity or our employees.                     outcomes framework which influences and
                                                 Areas of increased risk and focus include:             prioritises management decisions impacting
                                                 • Fiduciary role of the superannuation business        member outcomes.
                                                   and implications of not meeting APRA                 Advice risk is managed by having high professional,
                                                   performance tests or portability requirements;       educational, compliance, assurance and training
                                                 • Provision of quality, appropriate and adequate       standards in place for the Group’s advisers and
                                                   financial advice in the best interests of clients;   authorised representatives. The Group also
                                                   and                                                  undertakes a rolling program of compliance
                                                 • Meeting disclosed client expectations in the         reviews of advisers.
                                                   context of the complexity of the business model      The strategic change agenda is focused on
                                                   and volume of product offerings in a changing        simplifying the business, reducing complexity and
                                                   operating environment.                               improving sustainable outcomes for clients and
                                                                                                        shareholders.
                                                                                                        The complaints framework is in place to handle
                                                                                                        client complaints in a timely, consistent, fair and
                                                                                                        reasonable manner and deliver the required
                                                                                                        outcome for the impacted client.




                        30 | Financial report
                        Material risk          Context                                                    Key actions to manage the risk
                        People and Culture     We continue to foster our unique culture and invest        The Group offers competitive employment
                                               into the things that help us achieve our ambition          conditions and benefits and promotes fair
                                               to build financial wellbeing for every Australian. We      and equitable remuneration. This risk is also
                                               aim to attract and retain the level of talent and skills   managed by:
                                               required to effectively support business operations        • having established recruitment processes in
                                               and growth agenda. We are committed to fostering             place to ensure employees meet competency
                                               a culture of diversity, inclusion and safety, and            requirements;
                                               creating a sense of belonging for all employees.           • monitoring of employee performance;
                                               The volume of regulatory change impacting                  • monitoring of employee turnover; and
                                               the Financial Services Industry is presenting              • providing employees with learning opportunities
                                               an increase in demand for specialist skills and              and wellbeing education and support programs.
                                               experience across newly introduced requirements.
                                                                                                          The performance management process is
                                               For example, FAR, CPS 230 and CPS 234.
                                                                                                          designed to reinforce behaviours that are aligned
                                               The factors above increase the risk of inadequate          to our principles and desired risk culture and
                                               human resources or competency to conduct                   conduct. This is achieved by aligning remuneration




For personal use only
                                               business, including failure to retain talent,              with performance outcomes (including risk and
                                               employee fatigue, poor organisational design               conduct gateway measures and consequence
                                               and excessive reliance on key persons.                     management).
                                                                                                          The Group has developed an Insignia Financial
                                                                                                          Diversity, Equity and Belonging (DEB) strategy,
                                                                                                          committee and network. The committee is made
                                                                                                          up of members of the executive team, leaders
                                                                                                          across the organisation and is supported by
                                                                                                          volunteer squads made up of our employees.
                                                                                                          The DEB committee has shaped and leaded the
                                                                                                          Diversity, Equity and Belonging strategy, priorities
                                                                                                          and initiatives.
                                                                                                          Current initiatives in flight to further manage
                                                                                                          this risk include negotiating a harmonised
                                                                                                          single set of terms and conditions through a
                                                                                                          new Enterprise Agreement and improving our
                                                                                                          culture of accountability with the implementation
                                                                                                          of the FAR.

                        Cyber resilience       We are committed to protect our clients and our            The Information Security Management Framework
                                               clients’ data against cyber security threats. The          outlines the key elements of Information Security
                                               cyber threat environment continues to rapidly              Governance and Management including controls
                                               change with increasing sophistication and targeting        to address key capability areas and the supporting
                                               and high-profile breaches occurring globally and           policies, standards and procedures.
                                               within Australia. We continue to uplift, simplify and      Information Management standards outline
                                               separate our technology operating environment              the requirements on how information is
                                               (including supporting information security and             created, managed, shared, used and disposed
                                               cyber security), to protect information held by the        in a timely manner.
                                               Group from internal or external compromise on
                                                                                                          Annual business continuity and disaster recovery
                                               systems causing business disruption, data and
                                                                                                          testings of critical business applications for
                                               potential privacy breaches, client dissatisfaction,
                                                                                                          Information Technology systems and services
                                               regulatory breaches/fines and/or financial loss.
                                                                                                          are undertaken.

                        Legal and compliance   The Group is required to comply with large volumes         The Compliance Obligations Framework includes
                                               of complex legal and regulatory obligations                a consistent set of principles and processes
                                               applicable to its business activities. The increasing      including assessment of applicability to business
                                               volume and complexity of regulatory change,                activities and assignment of accountable owners
                                               at times within relative short time frames, if not         who periodically review the compliance of business
                                               adequately implemented in a timely manner could            processes and activities.
                                               give rise to non-compliance with regulations,              The Group maintains policies and frameworks
                                               financial penalties and adversely impact the               to address the legislative requirements and the
                                               Group’s reputation.                                        required systems, processes, resources and
                                                                                                          employee training to ensure compliance, monitoring
                                                                                                          and reporting of any incidents or breaches.
                                                                                                          A Regulatory Change Model is in place to monitor
                                                                                                          and oversee all regulatory change activities.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 31
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Operating and financial review (cont’d)

                         Material risk             Context                                               Key actions to manage the risk
                         Operational risk          We are one of Australia’s largest wealth managers     Our risk and compliance management policies
                         environment               operating in a complex environment. This exposes      and procedures support a risk-based approach
                                                   the Group to operational risks relating to losses     by the business in the identification, assessment,
                                                   resulting from inadequate or failed internal          treatment and monitoring of identified risks,
                                                   processes, people and systems, or from external       incidents and breaches in a timely manner.
                                                   events. These include, but are not limited to         The Risk Management team supports the business
                                                   internal and external fraud, money laundering and     as well as undertaking assurance reviews (e.g.
                                                   terrorism financing, bribery and corruption.          control testing programs) in order to support the
                                                   The financial statements contain certain provisions   Board and its committees in ensuring that we
                                                   and contingent liabilities for these risks in         manage risk appropriately.
                                                   accordance with applicable accounting standards.      We have a dedicated Financial Crime team
                                                                                                         to develop, manage and undertake regular
                                                                                                         reviews of Insignia Financial’s anti-money
                                                                                                         laundering (AML) and counter-terrorism financing
                                                                                                         (CTF) programs and financial crime risk and




For personal use only
                                                                                                         operational frameworks.


                        Impact of macroeconomic conditions                                    The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments may
                        In preparing the financial report, the Group has                      be impacted by a variety of factors arising from changed
                        considered the impact of geopolitical tensions and other              business conditions as a result of geopolitical tensions
                        macroeconomic conditions in its adoption of significant               and other macroeconomic conditions. The Group has
                        assumptions and market inputs used in:                                reviewed the appropriateness of inputs to the valuation
                                                                                              of financial instruments and the disclosures for the fair
                        • valuing the Group’s financial instruments; and
                                                                                              value of financial instruments.
                        • preparing disclosures for the fair value of financial assets
                           and liabilities and financial risk management.                     Non-financial risks emerging from global inflation
                                                                                              hikes, tightening monetary policies, global geopolitical
                        The Group’s management and services fee revenue is                    tensions have been identified, assessed, managed and
                        directly driven by the Group’s FUMA balance at any given              governed through timely application of the Group’s risk
                        point of time. Market movements along with net flows                  management policies.
                        are a significant contributor to FUMA and are therefore
                        impacted by current and future macroeconomic conditions.              Management continues to monitor the impact of global
                                                                                              economic uncertainty to the business environment
                                                                                              including ongoing assessment of market risk, credit risk
                                                                                              and liquidity risk associated with the business.




                        32 | Financial report
                        Directors’ report
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        The Directors present their report together with the financial report of Insignia Financial Ltd and of the Group for the financial
                        year ended 30 June 2024 and the auditor’s report thereon. The Operating and financial review and the Remuneration report are
                        parts of the Directors’ report.

                        Current Directors
                         Name, qualifications and      Experience, special responsibilities, listed and other significant directorships
                         independence status

                         Mr Allan Griffiths            Mr Griffiths has more than 40 years’ experience with a deep understanding of the financial services
                         B.Bus, DipLI.                 industry. Mr Griffiths has held a number of executive positions within the industry most notably as Chief
                                                       Executive Officer Aviva Australia and later, Managing Director South Asia, Aviva Asia Pte Ltd based in
                         Independent Non-
                                                       Singapore. Prior to joining Aviva, Mr Griffiths held executive positions with Colonial Ltd and Norwich Union.
                         Executive Director and
                         Chairman                      Mr Griffiths is Chairman of Metrics Credit Partners and Chairman of St Andrew’s Insurance Group
                                                       Australia. Mr Griffiths has been a non-executive director of Navalo Financial Services Group Limited
                         Director since 14 July 2014   since January 2023.
                         Chairman since                Mr Griffiths is a member of the Group Audit, Group Risk & Compliance, Group Nominations and Group
                         4 April 2019




For personal use only
                                                       People & Remuneration Committees.
                         Mr Scott Hartley              Mr Hartley has over two decades of experience in the wealth management sector and proven
                         B.Bus, Advanced               experience in turnarounds, transforming, and growing wealth management businesses.
                         Management Programme          Mr Hartley most recently served as CEO of AMP Australia Wealth Management from January 2021
                         INSEAD                        to December 2023, where he was tasked with rebuilding the company’s culture, performance, and
                         Chief Executive Officer       reputation following the Financial Services Royal Commission.
                         and Executive Director        Prior to AMP, Mr Hartley served as the CEO of Sunsuper from January 2014 to September 2019.
                                                       His leadership played a pivotal role in Sunsuper becoming Australia’s fastest-growing top ten
                         Director since
                                                       superannuation fund. Before joining Sunsuper, Mr Hartley led MLC’s corporate and institutional wealth
                         1 March 2024
                                                       businesses including Plum Financial Services and JANA Investment Advisers.
                         Ms Elizabeth Flynn            Ms Flynn has more than 40 years’ experience in the financial services industry, including roles within law
                         LLB, Grad Dip                 and corporate governance as well as executive responsibilities. From 1998 to 2010, Ms Flynn was the
                         AppCorpGov, FAICD, FFin,      Chief Legal Counsel, Group Compliance Manager and Group Company Secretary of financial services
                         FGIA, FCG                     group Aviva Australia, and a director of Aviva Australia’s superannuation trustee company. Prior to her
                                                       time at Aviva, Ms Flynn spent 18 years as a commercial lawyer with Minter Ellison, including eight years
                         Independent Non-
                                                       as a Partner, specialising in managed funds, banking, securitisation and superannuation.
                         Executive Director
                                                       Ms Flynn was a non-executive director of Bennelong Funds Management from 2010 to 2015, a non-
                         Director since                executive director of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited from November 2019 until
                         15 September 2015             April 2021 and a non-executive director of AIA Australia Limited from February 2011 until March 2024.
                                                       Ms Flynn is Chair of AIA Health Insurance Pty Ltd.
                                                       Ms Flynn is Chair of the Group Risk and Compliance Committee, and a member of the Group Audit,
                                                       Group People and Remuneration and Group Nominations Committees.
                         Mr John Selak                 Mr Selak has over 40 years’ experience in the financial and advisory services industry. From 2000 to
                         Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD           2016 he was a partner in the Corporate Finance Practice of Ernst & Young, providing valuation services
                                                       to a broad range of local and international clients and also serving on their Global Corporate Finance
                         Independent Non-
                                                       Executive. From 2014 to 2017, Mr Selak was an advisory board member of Quest Apartment Hotels.
                         Executive Director
                                                       From 2016 to 2020, Mr Selak was a non-executive Director of National Tiles and the Chairman of Corsair
                         Director since                Capital until April 2021. Mr Selak was a non-executive Director of Top Shelf International Holding Ltd
                         14 October 2016               between 1 June 2024 and 15 August 2024. From November 2021 to December 2023, Mr Selak accepted
                                                       a part-time role within the Office of the Special Manager for the Melbourne Casino Operator as Deputy
                                                       Special Manager - Governance, Risk and Assurance.
                                                       Mr Selak is currently a non-executive director of Turosi Food Solutions and Insignia
                                                       Community Foundation.
                                                       Mr Selak is Chair of the Group People & Remuneration Committee and a member of the Group Audit,
                                                       Group Nominations and Group Risk & Compliance Committees.
                         Mr Andrew Bloore              Mr Bloore is an experienced Non-Executive Director, entrepreneur and farmer. He has designed,
                         Independent Non-              built and sold a number of businesses, focused on the development of key disruptive technologies
                         Executive Director            and distribution services in traditional markets, to create business efficiencies. Mr Bloore has been
                                                       actively involved in, both as an Executive and/or as a Director and in the capacity of investment funding,
                         Director since
                                                       development and leadership, businesses including Smartsuper, SuperIQ, and Class Super.
                         2 September 2019
                                                       Mr Bloore has worked on a range of Senate and Treasury Committees, and with the Australian Taxation
                                                       Office (ATO) Regulations Committee on regulation for the superannuation industry. In 2016, Mr Bloore
                                                       sold his superannuation administration business to AMP, stepped down from the Senate and Treasury
                                                       Committees and is now focused on contributing to organisations as a Non-Executive Director.
                                                       Mr Bloore has been a non-executive director of Steadfast Group Limited since November 2023 and
                                                       a non-executive director of Simonds Group Limited since July 2021.
                                                       Mr Bloore is Chair of the Group Nominations Committee and a Member of the Group Audit, Group
                                                       People & Remuneration and Group Risk & Compliance Committees.

                                                                                                                                                 Financial report | 33
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Directors’ report (cont’d)

                         Name, qualifications and    Experience, special responsibilities, listed and other significant directorships
                         independence status

                         Ms Michelle Somerville      Ms Somerville is an experienced Non-Executive Director, bringing deep and relevant finance, risk
                         B.Bus (Accounting),         and governance experience to the Board, having worked in the financial services industry in both her
                         M-AppFin, FCA, FAICD        executive and non-executive roles. Previously she was an audit partner with KPMG Australia for nearly
                                                     14 years, with a focus on the financial services industry in both Australia and overseas.
                         Independent Non-
                         Executive Director          Ms Somerville has been a non-executive director of Select Harvests Limited since December 2022.
                                                     Ms Somerville was a non-executive director of the GPT Group from December 2015 to May 2023.
                         Director since
                         1 October 2019              Ms Somerville is the Chair of the Group Audit Committee and a member of the Group Nominations,
                                                     Group People & Remuneration and Group Risk & Compliance Committees.

                         Ms Gai McGrath              Ms McGrath has more than 37 years of experience in the financial services and legal industries in
                         LLM (Dist), BA LLB (Hons)   Australia, New Zealand and the UK. In addition to having held a number of non-executive directorships
                         GAICD                       across the listed, government and profit-for-member sectors, Ms McGrath is a former Chair of BT Funds
                                                     Management and Humanitix.
                         Independent Non-
                         Executive Director          Ms McGrath has previously held a series of executive roles with the Westpac Group, centred around




For personal use only
                                                     retail banking and wealth management. Ms McGrath was also a lawyer in private practice and, prior
                         Director since
                                                     to her time at Westpac, worked at Perpetual Limited as General Counsel and Company Secretary.
                         4 March 2024
                                                     Ms McGrath is a non-executive director of Steadfast Group (where she chairs the People, Culture and
                                                     Governance Committee), Waypoint REIT (where she chairs the Remuneration Committee) and HBF
                                                     Health (where she chairs the People, Culture and Remuneration Committee). From 2016 to 2024, she
                                                     was a non-executive director of Helia Group (where she was Chair of the Risk Committee) and Toyota
                                                     Finance Australia Limited.
                                                     Ms McGrath is a member of the Group Audit, Group Nominations, Group People & Remuneration and
                                                     Group Risk & Compliance Committees.

                         Ms Jodie Hampshire          Ms Hampshire is an experienced executive within the financial services industry with over 20 years
                         B.Comm, CFA, GAICD          of experience. From 2013 to 2023, Ms Hampshire held a series of executive positions, including Asia
                                                     Pacific CEO, within global asset manager, Russell Investments.
                         Independent Non-
                         Executive Director          Prior to her time at Russell Investments, Ms Hampshire worked at Mercer in several senior roles.
                                                     Ms Hampshire began her financial services career with a graduate cadetship at Commonwealth Bank
                         Director since
                                                     of Australia. She is a CFA charter holder, a graduate of the AICD and is a director and member of the
                         1 May 2024
                                                     Audit Committee for Australian Military Bank.
                                                     Ms Hampshire is a member of the Group Audit, Group Nominations, Group People & Remuneration
                                                     and Group Risk & Compliance Committees.

                        All Directors held office during and since the end of the               Company secretary
                        financial year unless otherwise specified. Refer to Section 6
                        of the Remuneration report for Directors’ subsidiary company            Ms Adrianna Bisogni LLB (Hons) BA GAICD
                        and committee appointments.                                             Ms Bisogni is a lawyer with over 25 years’ experience
                                                                                                in corporate law. Ms Bisogni was appointed to the role
                        The Group People & Remuneration and the Nominations                     of Company Secretary in November 2019.
                        Committees review the balance of skills, experience,
                        independence, knowledge and diversity of Directors. This                Mr Joseph Volpe LLB, BA, GIA (Affiliated)
                        involves the creation of a board skills matrix setting out              Mr Volpe has previously worked as a lawyer, both in private
                        the mix of skills and diversity that the Board currently has            practice and within several financial services companies.
                        or is looking to achieve in its membership.                             He is a graduate of the Governance Institute of Australia
                                                                                                and was appointed to the role of Company Secretary on
                        Former Director                                                         20 August 2024.

                        Mr Renato Mota resigned as Chief Executive Officer and                  Mr Bill Linehan LLB, BCom, FGIA
                        Managing Director effective 29 February 2024.                           Mr Linehan is a Chartered Accountant, lawyer, and a Fellow
                                                                                                of the Governance Institute with over 20 years’ experience
                                                                                                in corporate law. Mr Linehan was appointed to the role of
                                                                                                Company Secretary in May 2021, and resigned as Company
                                                                                                Secretary on 6 September 2024.




                        34 | Financial report
                        Directors’ meetings
                        The number of meetings of the Board of Directors and of the Committees of the Board and the individual attendance by
                        Directors at those meetings which they were eligible to attend during the financial year is summarised in the table below:

                                                    Board meetings        Risk & Compliance         Audit Committee            Nominations          People &
                                                                                 Committee                 meetings             Committee     Remuneration
                                                                                   meetings                                      meetings Committee meetings
                         Director              Attended       Eligible Attended       Eligible Attended        Eligible Attended     Eligible Attended      Eligible
                                                            to attend               to attend                to attend             to attend              to attend
                         A Griffiths                  13          13            5           5           7            7         5           5          9           9
                         S Hartley*                     3           3           –           –            –           –         –           –          –           –
                         J Selak                      13          13            5           5           7            7         5           5          9           9
                         A Bloore                     13          13            5           5           7            7         5           5          9           9
                         M Somerville                 13          13            5           5           7            7         5           5          9           9




For personal use only
                         G McGrath**                    3           3           1           1           2            2         1           1          2           2
                         J Hampshire***                 1           2           1           1           2            2         1           1          2           2
                         E Flynn   #
                                                      13          13            5           5           7            7         5           5          9           9
                         R Mota    ##
                                                      10          10            –           –            –           –         –           –          –           –
                        * Mr Hartley was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 1 March 2024
                        ** Ms McGrath was appointed as a non-executive Director on 4 March 2024
                        *** Ms Hampshire was appointed as a non-executive Director on 1 May 2024
                        # Ms Flynn intends to retire as a non-executive Director in 2024
                        ## Mr Mota resigned as the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director effective 29 February 2024

                        Meetings eligible to attend represents the number of                        The liabilities insured include legal costs that may be
                        meetings held during the time the Director held office. The                 incurred in defending civil or criminal proceedings that may
                        Directors meetings are those held for Insignia Financial Ltd.               be brought against the officers in their capacity as officers
                        This does not include the meetings held and attended by                     of entities in the Group and any other payments arising
                        Directors for the various subsidiary companies.                             from liabilities incurred by the officers in connection with
                                                                                                    such proceedings, other than where such liabilities arise out
                        In addition to the meetings attended during the year,
                                                                                                    of conduct involving a wilful breach of duty by the officers
                        a number of matters were considered and addressed
                                                                                                    or the improper use by the officers of their position or of
                        separately via circular resolution.
                                                                                                    information to gain advantage to themselves or someone
                                                                                                    else or to cause detriment to the Company.
                        Indemnification and insurance
                                                                                                    No payment has been made to indemnify KPMG during or
                        Rule 84 of the Insignia Financial Ltd constitution requires
                                                                                                    since the financial year ended 30 June 2024 against claims
                        the Company to indemnify to the extent permitted by law,
                                                                                                    by third parties arising out of or relating to the audit or the
                        each Director and Secretary against liability incurred in, or
                                                                                                    audit engagement agreement.
                        arising out of the conduct of the business of the Company
                        or the discharge of the duties of the Director or Secretary.
                        The Directors and Secretary named in this Directors’ Report
                                                                                                    Non-audit services
                        have the benefit of this requirement, as do individuals who                 The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit
                        formerly held one of those positions.                                       services during the year of $173,634 by the auditor is
                                                                                                    compliant with the general standard of independence for
                        In accordance with this requirement the Company has
                                                                                                    auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. Non-audit
                        entered into Deeds of Access, Indemnity and Insurance
                                                                                                    services are managed as follows:
                        (Deeds of Indemnity) with each Director and Secretary.
                        During the financial year, the Group paid insurance                         • Fees earned from non-audit work undertaken by KPMG
                        premiums to insure against amounts that the Group may                          are capped at 0.1 times the total audit fee;
                        be liable to pay the Directors and Secretary pursuant to                    • Services have been reviewed and approved to ensure
                        Rule 84. The insurance policy also insures the Directors and                   that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity
                        Secretary of the Company and its controlled entities, and                      of the auditor; and
                        the general officers of each of the companies in the Group                  • Services do not undermine the general principles relating
                        to the extent permitted by law. Details of the amount of the                   to auditor independence as set out in the Code of Conduct
                        premium paid in respect of the insurance contract have not                     APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued
                        been disclosed as such disclosure is prohibited under the                      by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board,
                        terms of the contract.                                                         including reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work,

                                                                                                                                                 Financial report | 35
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Directors’ report (cont’d)

                           acting in a management or decision-making capacity            The new leadership team comprises a mix of existing
                           for the Group, acting as advocate for the Group or jointly    executives and new external appointments including:
                           sharing economic risks and rewards.                           • Renee Howie appointed as Chief Customer Officer, with
                        Further information regarding remuneration of auditors             responsibility for Advice and Marketing;
                        is included in Note 33 Remuneration of auditor.                  • Liz McCarthy appointed as CEO MLC Expand, responsible
                                                                                           for Wrap Platforms business;
                        Rounding of amounts                                              • Dave Woodall appointed as CEO Superannuation,
                        The Company is a company of the kind referred to                   responsible for Master Trust business; and
                        in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’           • Jason Sommer as Chief Operating Officer, responsible
                        Reports) Instrument 2016/191 and in accordance with that           for Strategy and Enterprise Services functions.
                        instrument, amounts in the financial report are rounded
                                                                                         Renee Howie and Dave Woodall will start 1 November 2024.
                        off to the nearest one hundred thousand dollars, unless
                                                                                         As a result of the changes, Frank Lombardo, Mark Oliver and
                        otherwise stated.
                                                                                         Chris Weldon have ceased their key management personnel




For personal use only
                        Lead auditor’s independence declaration                          responsibilities disclosed in the Remuneration Report
                                                                                         effective 26 July 2024.
                        The lead auditor’s independence declaration is included on
                        page 61 of the annual financial report and forms part of the     Penalty paid to APRA
                        Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2024.               On 20 July 2024, the Group paid $10.7m to APRA in
                                                                                         response to infringement notices issued by APRA for alleged
                        Environmental regulation                                         breaches of the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act
                        The Group is not subject to significant environmental            1993 for failing to invest members’ default superannuation
                        regulation.                                                      contributions in MySuper products. This amount has been
                                                                                         included in other expenses in the current financial year.
                        Proceedings on behalf of the Company
                                                                                         Court enforceable undertaking with APRA
                        No person has applied to the Court under section 237
                                                                                         On 22 July 2024, APRA agreed to accept a court enforceable
                        of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings
                                                                                         undertaking (CEU) from OPC pledging to rectify compliance
                        on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any
                                                                                         deficiencies and compensate members. The CEU is publicly
                        proceedings to which the Company is a party, for the
                                                                                         available and relates to the conduct for which APRA issued
                        purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company
                                                                                         the infringement notices as well as the ongoing remediation
                        for all or part of those proceedings.
                                                                                         of a breach relating to accrued default amounts.
                        No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on
                                                                                         OPC has acknowledged APRA’s concerns in the CEU and
                        behalf of the Company with leave of the Court under section
                                                                                         has committed to:
                        237 of the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                                         • identify, rectify, and remediate all members adversely
                        Events occurring after balance date                                affected by the breaches with input from an
                                                                                           independent expert;
                        Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd
                                                                                         • allocate additional resources to replenish the Operational
                        On 1 July 2024, the Group divested 63% of its holding
                                                                                           Risk Financial Requirement to 100% of the target balance
                        in Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd (Rhombus) and recognised
                                                                                           of 0.25% of funds under management; and
                        its remaining 37% interest in Rhombus as an equity
                                                                                         • hold $40m of its existing Operational Risk Financial
                        accounted associate.
                                                                                           Requirement assets as an overlay until OPC has satisfied
                        Operating model and executive team changes                         the terms of the CEU.
                        On 11 July 2024, the Company announced a revised
                        operating model and new executive team, to drive                 Authorisation
                        increased accountability and enhance the focus on growth         The Directors’ Report is signed in accordance with a
                        opportunities across the business. The new structure took        resolution of the Directors made pursuant to Section 298(2)
                        effect on 29 July 2024.                                          of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        The new structure comprises four dedicated lines of
                        business: Asset Management, Master Trust, Wrap and
                        Advice. Each business line is led by an executive with end-to-
                        end accountability to drive positive sustainable growth and      Mr Allan Griffiths – Chairman
                        profitability, improve customer outcomes and the customer        Melbourne
                        experience and is supported by specialist enablement and         22 August 2024
                        governance functions.

                        36 | Financial report
                        Remuneration report

                        Letter from the Group People &                                     towards our separation from NAB which remains on track
                                                                                           for 2025. Good progress continues to be made in relation
                        Remuneration Committee Chair
                                                                                           to the Licence Conditions APRA imposed in November 2022,
                        Dear Shareholders,                                                 with commitments tracking well for delivery. With regard
                        On behalf of Insignia Financial, I am pleased to present our       to investment performance, all three of the group’s default
                        2024 Remuneration report. Through this report, we aim to           funds were placed in the top 10 for FY24 in the SuperRatings
                        provide clarity on our remuneration approach and governance        SR50 MySuper Survey – a great achievement.
                        around remuneration for Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) and         Equally, there have been challenges. In July, one of the
                        Key Management Personnel (KMP) for Financial Year 2024.            Insignia Financial Trustees, OnePath Custodians Pty Ltd
                        Changes to our remuneration framework, foreshadowed in             (OPC), announced it entered an enforceable undertaking
                        the 2023 Remuneration report, have been implemented for            with APRA including infringement notices totalling $10.7
                        Financial Year 2024, including our new Executive Incentive         million in relation to ongoing remediation. Disappointingly,
                        Plan (outlined on page 42).                                        this has also contributed to our recent announcement of an
                                                                                           increase in remediation provisions to address legacy issues.




For personal use only
                        This plan introduces short-term incentives for Executives,
                        with the prior plan being a fully equity-based scheme, under       Performance and remuneration outcomes
                        which the first year of performance rights vested in 2024.         for Financial Year 2024
                        We believe this change helps to better balance rewarding           The average short-term variable reward (STVR) outcome for
                        Executives in the immediate term, whilst also continuing           KMP as a percentage of target is 70% as compared with the
                        to align with shareholder interests and creating long term         maximum of 125%.
                        sustainable value in the Company.
                                                                                           The first tranche of long-term variable reward (LTVR) under
                        Through the evolution of our remuneration approach,                the former Executive Equity Plan (EEP), which was issued at
                        we aim to ensure that we are driving a positive and high           the commencement of the 2021 performance year, reached
                        performing culture that rewards aligned behaviours                 the end of its performance period on June 30, 2024. On
                        and strong delivery. We have also ensured that our
                                                                                           average 60% of these performance rights for KMP vested
                        remuneration framework meets regulatory requirements
                                                                                           which is outlined on page 50.
                        and expectations of our stakeholders.
                                                                                           In the 2024 financial year, a 2% average Total Fixed
                        From a regulatory perspective, we are progressing well in
                                                                                           Remuneration (TFR) increase was applied across the
                        readiness for the ‘go live’ of FAR (the Financial Accountability
                                                                                           Executive KMP, effective 1 July 2024.
                        Regime) in March 2025. Prudential Standard CPS 511,
                        which commenced 1 July 2023, continues to be positively            Applying Board discretion and modification
                        embedded. We welcome the continued focus on clear                  to STVR outcomes
                        accountability and careful linkage of risk and conduct             The Board acknowledge the impact that an increase in
                        to performance and remuneration outcomes.                          provisions for remediation has had on our shareholders and
                                                                                           accordingly, has exercised its discretion for 2024, applying
                        Changes to Key Management Personnel
                                                                                           a 20% reduction to STVR outcomes for all current KMP.
                        This year saw the departure of Renato Mota as Chief Executive
                        Officer (CEO) at the end of February and the commencement          Separately, downward modification has been applied to
                        of Scott Hartley into the role on 1 March 2024. In addition,       two executive KMP under our consequence management
                        Darren Whereat (Chief Advice Officer) ceased KMP duties and        framework and specifically, the risk and conduct modifier.
                        Chris Weldon (Chief Client Officer) was appointed as a KMP in
                                                                                           Non-Executive Director fees
                        November 2023. With the announcement of a new Executive
                                                                                           Non-Executive Director fees were increased by 3% effective
                        structure in July and changes to the executive team, there will
                                                                                           1 July 2023 to remain aligned to market benchmarks.
                        be changes to our KMP in next year’s Remuneration report.
                                                                                           No increase has been applied for financial year 2025.
                        Board renewal                                                      The total fees remain within the current Director Fee pool
                        In 2024, we welcomed two new Directors to the Insignia             of $1,750,000.
                        Financial Ltd Board. Gai McGrath joined the Board on
                                                                                           On behalf of the People & Remuneration Committee, I would
                        4 March 2024 and Jodie Hampshire commenced on
                                                                                           like to thank you for your support as a fellow shareholder
                        1 May 2024. Gai and Jodie are valuable additions as part of our
                                                                                           and encourage you to vote to adopt the report at our Annual
                        Board renewal process. Shareholders will be asked to consider
                                                                                           General Meeting in November.
                        their appointments at the 2024 Annual General Meeting.

                        Financial year 2024
                        The 2024 Financial Year has seen significant progress
                        with the successful delivery of the MLC Wrap to Expand             John Selak
                        migration – one of the largest platform migrations in our          Group People & Remuneration Committee Chair
                        industry’s history. Pleasingly, we continue to advance             22 August 2024
                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 37
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                          Contents
                          1. Remuneration objectives and principles          38               5. Key Management Personnel                            47
                          2. Remuneration governance                         39                    CEO transition                                    47
                               The Group People & Remuneration Committee     39                    Group Key Management Personnel                    47
                               Group People & Remuneration Committee Charter 39                    Executive KMP STVR performance outcomes          48
                               Remuneration and conduct governance           39                    Remuneration received by Executive KMP            49
                               Insignia Financial’s remuneration governance                        Deferred performance rights                      50
                               framework                                     40                    Executive employment arrangements                 51
                               Culture, accountability and remuneration      40               6. Non-Executive Director remuneration                52
                               Embedding risk in our Performance and Reward                        NED Board, Committee and subsidiary fee structure 52
                               framework                                     41                    2024 statutory remuneration – NEDs                53
                          3. 	Key components of remuneration for                                  Equity holdings of NEDs                           53
                               Executive Key Management Personnel            42                    Terms of appointment                              53
                               Total Fixed Remuneration                      42               7. 	Company performance and remuneration
                               Executive Incentive Plan                      42                    impacts                                          54




For personal use only
                               Short-term variable remuneration              42                    5-year Group performance                         54
                               Long-term variable remuneration               43               8. 	Key Management Personnel remuneration –
                          4. 	Executive remuneration outcomes for the                             additional statutory disclosure                  55
                               2024 financial year                           45               9. Other information                                  56
                               The 2024 remuneration framework               45                    Equity holdings                                  56
                               Snapshot of FY24 remuneration outcomes        45                    Executive minimum shareholding requirements      58
                               2024 performance outcomes                     46                    Payments to persons before taking office         60


                        The Remuneration report for Insignia Financial Ltd outlines our remuneration objectives & principles and outcomes for the
                        Key Management Personnel (KMP). This report has been prepared, and audited, as required by the Corporations Act 2001.
                        It forms part of the Directors’ Report.

                        1. Remuneration objectives and principles
                        Insignia Financial believes remuneration plays an important role in supporting a strong culture and delivering business
                        outcomes. The remuneration objectives and principles outlined below serve as the guardrails for the remuneration framework.
                        Designed to support the delivery of strategic objectives, meeting regulatory standards and shareholder expectations by
                        rewarding collective and individual performance in addition to constructive behaviours that drive strong risk outcomes.

                                                                                Insignia Financial Purpose
                                        Understand me                                 Look after me                                Secure my future
                                                 Remuneration objectives – objectives of Insignia Financial’s remuneration framework:
                          Attraction and retention of the            Strategy-led and supporting    Promote a sound risk            Shareholder alignment
                          best talent                                Insignia Financial’s purpose   culture, meeting regulatory
                                                                                                    expectations

                          Attract, motivate, and retain key          Support our approach           Remuneration practices          Align outcomes with the
                          talent to drive the performance of         to delivering customer         promote and enhance             shareholder experience
                          the Company through individual             outcomes as a sustainable      healthy risk culture.           through allocation of equity
                          and collective performance and             competitive advantage.         Ensure the Group meets          and delivery of shareholder
                          demonstration of our cultural              Emphasis on delivering         regulatory expectations         returns.
                          principles.                                quality advice.                through the design of the       Facilitate an ‘ownership
                                                                                                    framework.                      mindset’ and long-term
                                                                                                                                    focus among participants.

                                                               Remuneration principles – these objectives are achieved by:

                          Being market competitive and               Creating a culture that        Supporting risk                 Delivering on shareholder
                          reflecting our broader employee            underpins our principles –     management framework            value through short-term
                          value proposition.                         recognising what is achieved   and culture by encouraging      performance that builds
                                                                     and the way in which it is     appropriate risk behaviours,    into long-term performance.
                                                                     achieved.                      setting clear performance
                                                                                                    and risk accountabilities
                                                                                                    and enabling consequences
                                                                                                    through forfeiture of
                                                                                                    remuneration.



                        38 | Financial report
                        2. Remuneration governance                                       Remuneration and conduct governance
                                                                                         Our enhanced remuneration framework and governance
                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee
                                                                                         has continued to be embedded in 2024 and will continue to
                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee is the
                                                                                         2025. The remuneration governance framework ensures key
                        governing body for developing, monitoring, and assessing
                                                                                         linkages between risk and performance and remuneration
                        the remuneration strategy, policies and practices across the
                                                                                         outcomes. Our comprehensive consequence management
                        Insignia Financial Group and monitoring overall pay equity.
                                                                                         framework, which provides objective guidance on severity
                        The role of the Group People & Remuneration Committee
                                                                                         of risk or conduct events as well as consistent oversight
                        is to review, challenge, assess and as appropriate, endorse
                                                                                         of appropriate consequences, commenced on 1 July 2023.
                        the recommendations made by management for Board
                                                                                         It incorporates current adjustment practices, such as malus,
                        approval. It oversees the Insignia Financial remuneration
                                                                                         clawback, risk and compliance gateways and the Exercise
                        framework and assists the Board to ensure that Insignia
                                                                                         of Discretion in Remuneration Decision Making Policy.
                        Financial’s remuneration strategy and policy are appropriate
                        and effective. The Committee also has oversight to other         At Insignia Financial, the Group People & Remuneration




For personal use only
                        People and Culture areas such as talent and succession,          Committee, Group Risk & Compliance Committee, Insignia
                        culture and engagement, and diversity and inclusion.             Financial Board and Registrable Superannuation Entity
                                                                                         Licence (RSEL) Boards (I.O.O.F. Investment Management
                        The Committee reviews and makes recommendations
                                                                                         Ltd, Oasis Fund Management Limited, OnePath Custodians
                        to the Board on the remuneration structure and policies
                                                                                         Pty Limited & NULIS Nominees (Australia) Ltd) are actively
                        applicable to the KMP and Non-Executive Directors (NEDs)
                                                                                         engaged in goal setting, performance assessment and
                        of the Insignia Financial Group, as well as the wider Insignia
                                                                                         remuneration review processes.
                        Financial employee population.
                                                                                         In 2024, for the fourth year, a joint meeting of the Group
                        The Committee is comprised solely of NEDs, all of whom are
                                                                                         People & Remuneration, Group Risk and Compliance and
                        independent. The members of the Committee for the year
                                                                                         Group Audit Committees was convened as part of our end
                        ended 30 June 2024 were J Selak – Chair, A Griffiths, E Flynn,
                                                                                         of year performance and remuneration review process.
                        A Bloore, M Somerville, G McGrath and J Hampshire.
                                                                                         The joint Committee meeting was extended to include
                        The Board considers that the members of the Committee            the RSEL Chairs of the Boards, Risk and Compliance and
                        provide an appropriate mix of skills to undertake its terms      Audit Committees to provide the perspective of the RSELs
                        of reference, having regard to their qualifications, knowledge   to the discussion.
                        of the financial services industry and experience in business
                                                                                         The joint meeting reviewed the material risk matters and
                        management.
                                                                                         considered potential consequences to performance and
                        Group People & Remuneration                                      remuneration outcomes for senior leaders. For financial
                        Committee Charter                                                year 2024, two Executive KMP incurred a reduction to their
                                                                                         STVR via the Risk & Conduct modifier due to significant risk
                        The responsibilities of the Group People & Remuneration
                                                                                         matters that emerged through the year in areas under their
                        Committee are outlined in its Charter. The Charter is
                                                                                         accountability. These impacts are outlined on page 42.
                        available on the Corporate Governance page of the
                        Company’s website at www.insigniafinancial.com.au.               For the first time, these outcomes were informed by
                                                                                         remuneration adjustment recommendations from the
                        The Group People & Remuneration Committee met formally
                                                                                         Risk & Conduct Forum. The Risk & Conduct Forum, a
                        nine times during the 2024 financial year. This included a
                                                                                         management committee which commenced in February
                        joint meeting between the Group People & Remuneration
                                                                                         2024 as part of the refreshed Consequence Management
                        Committee, the Group Audit Committee and the Group Risk
                                                                                         Policy, is accountable for reviewing matters where a
                        & Compliance Committee as outlined below.
                                                                                         material risk event has occurred to determine whether
                                                                                         consequences should be applied to individuals because
                                                                                         of demonstrated behaviours or accountability.

                                                                                         This is a critical step as part of our end of year process,
                                                                                         enabling a focused discussion on risk behaviours and
                                                                                         outcomes, and consideration of any consequences to
                                                                                         variable remuneration outcomes. This is further highlighted
                                                                                         in the next section, ‘Insignia Financial’s remuneration
                                                                                         governance framework’.




                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 39
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        Insignia Financial’s remuneration governance framework
                         Board committees
                         Concurrent meetings are held to determine CEO Executive KMP and specified roles risk, performance, and remuneration outcomes.

                         Group People & Remuneration Committee      Group Risk & Compliance Committee           Group Audit Committee

                         Oversees Insignia Financial’s              Assesses and advises the People &           Assesses and advises the People &
                         remuneration framework and assists         Remuneration Committee of material          Remuneration Committee of any audit
                         the Board to ensure the Group’s            risk matters which may impact collective    matters which may impact collective
                         remuneration strategy and policy are       and/or individual remuneration              and/or individual remuneration
                         appropriate and effective.                 outcomes.                                   outcomes.
                         Makes recommendations to the Board
                         about remuneration consequences to
                         be applied.




For personal use only
                          Risk & Conduct Forum                                             Independent Remuneration Consultants
                          Management committee that oversees material risk matters         The People & Remuneration Committee may engage
                          to determine whether consequences should be recommended          external advisors to provide information to assist the
                          for individuals, including remuneration adjustment               Committee in making remuneration decisions. For the
                          recommendations for Executive General Managers and               FY24 period, no remuneration consultants were engaged
                          below levels.                                                    for these purposes.


                        Culture, accountability and remuneration
                        The Board continues to oversee enhancements to the Group’s management of risk and remuneration, reinforcing cultural
                        and behavioural expectations in support of a positive risk culture through the Group’s practices and frameworks.

                        Risk also plays a key role in performance and remuneration outcomes for our broader employee workforce, as well as for
                        Executives, with financial year outcomes and reward being subject to meeting compliance and risk behaviour expectations.
                        In financial year 2024, more than 97% of the total workforce achieved the risk and compliance gateway. No variable reward
                        was awarded to the <3% who failed to meet the gateway.




                        40 | Financial report
                        The Board has the ability to reduce or eliminate unvested retained performance rights in certain circumstances (malus).
                        In FY24, the population subject to malus was expanded to include all staff (previously malus only applied to senior management
                        employees). For certain employees identified under CPS 511, the Board also has the ability to recover (in whole or in part)
                        variable remuneration in certain circumstances (clawback). For more details on Insignia’s remuneration adjustment mechanisms,
                        see table below.

                         In-year adjustments                        Applies to all employees

                         • Are determined as part of assessing an individual’s performance each year.
                         • The annual assessment includes consideration of compliance with gateway requirements and with the principle (behavioural)
                           expectations outlined in the Code of Conduct; adherence to company policies and risk expectations; mandatory learning and
                           meeting hybrid expectations; and any outcomes from the consequence management process.
                         Forfeiture                                 Applies to all employees with STVR and/or LTVR allocation

                         • Where an individual’s employment is terminated (or they resigned) due to a compliance or conduct concern, incentive payments
                           due to be paid and unvested remuneration are forfeited.




For personal use only
                         Malus events                               Applies to Key Management Personnel and Senior Management and employees

                         • The malus provisions provide the ability to reduce or eliminate in full the retained performance rights offered for key management
                           personnel, senior management and all employees.
                         • The Group People & Remuneration Committee may also reduce/eliminate in full retained performance rights where
                           it is determined appropriate.
                         Clawback                                   Applies to Key Management Personnel and senior management

                         • Clawback provisions provide the Board with the ability to recover in exceptional circumstances (in part or whole) variable
                           remuneration that has already been paid or vested for up to two years from the point of payment or vesting, if it is
                           determined appropriate.


                        Embedding risk in our Performance and Reward framework

                           Risk culture                                                         Alignment of risk to remuneration outcomes
                           The Insignia Financial risk culture is a key business driver         The Insignia Financial Group Remuneration Policy is designed
                           and seeks to create an environment where employees                   to encourage and incentivise employees to act responsibly
                           have a clear understanding of their responsibilities                 and with integrity in a manner consistent with the Policy.
                           and accountabilities for managing risk. Employees are                The Risk & Conduct Forum provides consistent oversight
                           empowered to ask questions, report concerns, seek relevant           of material risk events to ensure appropriate consequences
                           information, challenge assumptions and take action when              are applied.
                           issues are identified as part of everyday work activities.
                                                                                                Reporting is provided to the Board and relevant
                           Risk culture is underpinned by the cultural principles, which        committees to support oversight of remuneration
                           are embedded in our business processes, including the                and risk consequences to assist in informing performance
                           performance framework.                                               and remuneration reviews.


                           Risk in the performance review process                               Remuneration adjustment
                           Risk assessments are a key consideration for the annual              As outlined above, the Board has a number of methods
                           performance assessment process of the CEO and                        that can be used to adjust remuneration for in period risk
                           Executives. The joint meeting of the People & Remuneration,          events or for those that emerge following the conclusion
                           Risk & Compliance and Audit Committees, informed by                  of the performance period. This includes the ability to
                           recommendations of the Risk & Conduct Forum ensure                   reduce (including to zero) a variable remuneration award/or
                           a clear link between risk, performance and remuneration              lapse or postpone vesting of variable remuneration awards
                           outcomes. This formal approach is supported by reporting             granted, but not vested.
                           and governance structures to ensure a holistic view of risk.




                                                                                                                                              Financial report | 41
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        3. Key components of remuneration for Executive Key Management Personnel
                        Total Fixed Remuneration
                         Feature            Approach
                         Purpose            Total fixed remuneration (TFR) comprises base remuneration (i.e. cash salary) and superannuation. TFR is delivered
                                            in accordance with contractual terms and conditions of employment and is reviewed annually against relevant
                                            comparator group remuneration benchmarks.

                        Executive Incentive Plan
                        FY24 was the first year of the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP) being in place for the executive team as their variable reward scheme.
                        The EIP replaced the previous variable reward scheme, the Executive Equity Plan (EEP), which was a fully equity-based plan.

                         Feature            Approach
                         EIP                The EIP is the incentive plan covering the CEO and Executive KMP. It is divided into short-term variable reward




For personal use only
                                            (STVR) which is delivered in cash, and long-term variable reward (LTVR) which is delivered in equity. The total EIP
                                            opportunity is 170% of fixed remuneration for the CEO and 60%-90% for Executive KMP.

                        The STVR and LTVR elements of the plan are outlined in detail below.

                        Short-term variable remuneration
                        The table below outlines key features of the 2024 financial year STVR award for the CEO and other Executive KMP. Refer to
                        page 51 for treatment of STVR on cessation of employment.

                         Feature            Approach
                         Purpose            Varies remuneration outcomes in line with annual performance achievement, with material weighting to financial
                                            and non-financial outcomes across customer, leadership, strategy execution and shareholder measures, incorporating
                                            both risk scorecard and values assessments. Recognises both the “what” and the “how” of performance.
                         Participants       CEO and Executive KMP
                         Opportunity        The table below represents the total STVR opportunity of each role’s total variable reward

                                                                                   % STVR of EIP Target                   Maximum STVR (125%)
                                                CEO                                35%                                    43.75%
                                                Executive KMP                      50%                                    62.5%

                         Performance        Individual STVR outcomes are determined with reference to Group performance and individual performance
                         measures and       through a balanced scorecard. The performance measures comprise a mix of financial and non-financial metrics
                         weightings
                                            linked to Group and business unit targets, aligned to the Group’s strategy with the weightings varied by role. For the
                                            CEO, Executive KMP and other Executives, the financial weighting was 30% for financial year 2024. STVR outcomes
                                            are subject to Board Discretion. More information on the CEO’s STVR scorecard can be found on page 46.
                                                                                   Financial                              Non-financial
                                                CEO                                30%                                    70%
                                                Executive KMP                      30%                                    70%

                         Risk and           Performance outcomes are subject to the following gateways and modifiers:
                         Conduct and
                         Principles         • Compliance gateways: all KMP must meet core compliance expectations to be eligible for a STVR, including
                                                adherence to the Code of Conduct and completion of mandatory training requirements.
                                            • Principles: the Board has the discretion to adjust the CEO, Executive KMP and other Executives’ STVR outcomes on
                                                the basis of an assessment of behaviours aligned with our Group principles, where appropriate.
                                            • Risk and Conduct: the Board has discretion, where appropriate, to adjust the CEO, Executive KMP and/or other
                                                Executives STVR outcomes, including where informed by recommendations from the Risk & Conduct Forum in
                                                relation to risk and conduct matters. The Risk and Conduct modifier also includes consideration of the senior risk
                                                matter outcomes that may warrant an adjustment to the Risk and Conduct assessment.
                         Calculation of     STVR awards for all Executive KMP are calculated as follows:
                         Awards
                                                                                                              Risk & conduct
                                                             Target STVR              Performance                                      Value of adjusted
                                                TFR    X                       X                          X        modifier        =
                                                            opportunity %               result %                                         STVR award
                                                                                                               (if applicable)

                         Deferral           The STVR award will be assessed and awarded at the end of the performance period, with 50% paid at end of the
                                            performance period and 50% deferred as cash for further 12 months.



                        42 | Financial report
                        Long-term variable remuneration
                        The table below outlines key features of the 2024 financial year LTVR for the CEO and KMP Executives. Refer to page 51 for
                        treatment of LTVR on cessation of employment.

                         Features         Approach
                         Purpose          Varies remuneration outcomes in line with longer term performance achievement, with a focus on relative
                                          shareholder returns to support sustainable shareholder value over time.
                         Participants     CEO, and Executive KMP and other Executives
                         Opportunity      The maximum face value of LTVR that can be granted for the CEO is 62.5% of EIP target, Executive KMP and other
                                          Executives is 50% of EIP target. The minimum potential outcome value is zero.
                         Performance      Subject to rTSR performance and Reputation performance over four years from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2027.
                         Period
                         Vesting          Final vesting occurs when performance rights that are subject to hurdle testing is completed. Vesting of performance
                                          rights will occur at the end of the performance period and are exercised on Board discretion.
                         Restricted       CEO: performance rights that remain vesting after performance testing will be subject to a further two-year




For personal use only
                         Period           restricted period (to 30 June 2029). After the restricted period, the vested performance rights will be exercised and
                                          converted to Insignia Financial shares.
                                          Executive KMP and other Executives: performance rights that remain vesting after performance testing will
                                          be subject to a further one-year restricted period (to 30 June 2028). After the restricted period, the vested
                                          performance rights will be exercised and converted to Insignia Financial shares.
                         Performance      70% of target measured against rTSR and 30% Reputational.
                         measures and
                         weightings
                         Instrument       Performance rights – each right entitles the participant to receive one IFL share (or cash equivalent at the Board’s
                                          discretion), subject to vesting conditions.
                         Maximum face The number of performance rights granted to Executive KMP is calculated as follows:
                         value allocation
                         approach                                                                       Risk & conduct                  Value of
                                            TFR      X   LTVR opportunity %      X    Hurdle Testing %     X    modifier           =    adjusted
                                                                                                                (if applicable)         LTVR award
                         Dividend         A dividend equivalent entitlement will apply to any vested performance rights to the amount of dividends would
                         equivalents      have been payable from when vested performance rights enter the restricted period until they are converted into
                                          IFL Share (or cash equivalent at the Board’s discretion). A dividend payment will be payable after this point.
                         Board            The Board has discretion to determine that some or all of the award will lapse in certain circumstances (malus),
                         discretion and   including where, in the opinion of the Board:
                         adjustments
                                          Malus
                                          • The Board may, at any time and at its absolute discretion, subject to compliance with the law, determine to cancel,
                                            reduce, suspend, forfeit or clawback some or all incentives;
                                          • The Board has absolute discretion to extend the deferral period of deferred incentive amounts, at any time. The
                                            Board may do so if the Board has reason to believe the participant is likely to fail to meet threshold measures of
                                            conduct or any other analogous or similar legislation or regulations applicable in the participant’s jurisdiction;
                                          • Adjustment of variable reward amounts may be for any reason, including a Malus Event or for consequence
                                            management in circumstances contemplated by the Group People and Remuneration Policy or to reflect
                                            adjustment for performance outcomes; and
                                          • Adjustments of incentive amounts may also occur because of the Board’s ongoing monitoring and review of
                                            a participant’s performance and the performance of Insignia Financial, considering various factors such as
                                            the participant’s or Insignia Financial’s under-performance or failing in matters relating to risk, conduct and
                                            adherence to our principles. Board discretion may apply to any participants across Insignia Financial, by business
                                            unit/enabling unit, by role or by individual participant.
                                          Clawback
                                          • The Board has absolute discretion to claw back any variable remuneration provided under the Plan taking in
                                            to account factors such as the participants’ performance or Insignia Financial’s under-performance or failings
                                            in matters relating to risk, conduct, principles or sustainability measures or factors in the Group People and
                                            Remuneration Policy. This includes for a period of at least two years from the date of payment or vesting of
                                            variable remuneration and whether or not the employment of the relevant person has ceased, provided they are
                                            deemed a Senior Manager, Executive Director or Highly-Paid Material Risk-Taker for the purposes of CPS 511; and
                                          • If the Board exercises that discretion, the participant will be required to repay Insignia Financial an amount
                                            determined by the Board; forfeit some or all of the incentive or equity provided to the participant under the Plan.
                         Deferrals        The EIP is designed to meet CPS511 and FAR deferral requirements with at least 40% of Executive total reward
                                          deferred for 5 years and 60% of the CEO’s total reward deferred for 6 years. This is achieved through the LTVR.
                                          50% of the STVR is deferred each year for 12 months.
                                          These deferrals enable the board to have effective forfeiture powers for a period of time if malus or other
                                          equivalent events subsequently come to light post grant/vesting.


                                                                                                                                              Financial report | 43
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                         Performance measure               Approach
                         rTSR (70% of target)              Under the LTVR, performance rights are tested after four years but subject to a holding restriction
                         • rTSR provides a robust          and vest after the holding period has expired subject to vesting conditions.
                           and easily quantifiable
                                                            Peer group ranking                                      Percent retained subject to restricted period
                           performance measure
                           with strong alignment            At the 75th percentile or higher 100%                   100%
                           to shareholder value.
                                                            Between the median and 75th percentile                  Pro-rata vesting from 50% to 100%
                         • TSR measures share price
                           movement, dividends paid         At the median                                           50%
                           and any return of capital        Below the median                                        0%
                           over a specific period.
                         • rTSR compares the               Calculation of results
                           ranking of IFL’s TSR over
                           the performance period          Each company in the peer group will be given a percentile ranking based on the growth in its TSR
                           with the TSR of other           over the four-year performance period.
                           companies in a peer             TSR outcomes are calculated by an external provider. TSR is relative to a general ASX peer group.




For personal use only
                           group.                          The peer group is made up of the 144 ASX200 (excluding mining) companies on the ASX by market
                                                           capitalisation at the beginning of the performance period, excluding resources companies and IFL.
                                                           This cross-industry peer group has been chosen as it represents the typical portfolio of companies
                                                           in which IFL’s shareholders invest, and so provides relevant benchmarks for measuring IFL’s TSR. More
                                                           information on the ASX companies used for this assessment can be made available upon request.

                         Reputational                      The Reputational component of the LTVR sits as the non-financial element of the Plan. Insignia
                         (30% of LTVR target)              Financial is using RepTrak to track its reputation from a 2024 baseline score of 73.4%. The outcome
                                                           is derived at the end of the four-year performance period, using the average of the quarterly scores
                         The Board considers
                                                           of the last 12 months of the performance period.
                         Reputation to be an
                         appropriate measure as it          Reputational score                                      % of performance rights (1)
                         provides a robust measure
                         of IFL’s management’s              Reputational score of 75.4% (Maximum)                   100%
                         financial performance and          Reputational score of 73.4%                             75%
                         returns for shareholders
                         in comparison to other             Reputational score of 71.4% (Threshold)                 50%
                         companies.                         Reputational score below the 71.3%                      0%

                        (1) Straight-line vesting is applied to the vesting of the reputational outcomes between Threshold and Maximum.




                        44 | Financial report
                        4. Executive remuneration outcomes                                        The annual performance measures set for the 2024 financial
                                                                                                  year for the CEO and Executive KMP were assessed at the
                        for the 2024 financial year
                                                                                                  end of the financial year (as outlined in the table on the
                        The 2024 remuneration framework                                           following page). This year, each measure was assessed on
                        STVR                                                                      a sliding scale from threshold (75%), to achieved (100%) and
                                                                                                  maximum (125%) against the Board approved targets.
                        The STVR component of the EIP is for a 12-month period,
                        which is based on a balanced scorecard of Shared Goals                    A part of the goal setting framework, aligned to CPS 511
                        (70%) and Individual Goals (30%). Any STVR component                      requirements, is that no more than 50% of an individual’s
                        that is awarded to an Executive will be paid 50% up front                 scorecard can be based on financial measures, to ensure
                        and 50% deferred for 12 months.                                           we are promoting effective management of both financial
                                                                                                  and non-financial measures to encourage sustainable
                        The shared goals that were set at the beginning of the
                                                                                                  performance and the Group’s long-term soundness.
                        financial year are:
                        • Net Funds Flow (10%);                                                   LTVR




For personal use only
                        • OPEX (10%);                                                             The LTVR component of the EIP is across a four-year
                                                                                                  performance period across financial (70%) and non-financial
                        • UNPAT (10%);
                                                                                                  (30%) components to align with long term sustainable
                        • Rectification Action Plan (15%);                                        decision making in the interests of shareholders.
                        • MasterTrust Separation Critical Pathways (10%);                         • Financial LTVR Measure
                        • MLC Wrap transition to Expand (10%); and                                  – Insignia Financial has selected Relative Total
                        • Cultural alignment (5%).                                                      Shareholder Return (rTSR) as its LTVR financial
                                                                                                        measure which equates to 70% of the total LTVR
                        The remaining 30% related to individual goals are aligned to
                                                                                                        scorecard.
                        specific deliverables related to the respective roles and are
                        set with the CEO and Board.
                                                                                                  • Non-Financial LTVR Measure
                                                                                                    – Insignia Financial has selected Reputation as its LTVR
                                                                                                        non-financial measure which equates to 30% of the
                                                                                                        total LTVR scorecard

                        Snapshot of FY24 remuneration outcomes
                        CEO and Executive KMP
                         Gateway compliance                  • CEO and Executive KMP have all met the behavioural and compliance gateway requirements.
                         Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR)      • Average fixed remuneration increases for Executive KMP was 2%, effective 1 July 2024
                         Short-term variable reward          • The key financial and non-financial goals that determine STVR outcomes are outlined on page 46.
                         (STVR)
                                                             • Against a possible STVR range of 0% – 125%, the average Executive KMP STVR target outcome
                                                               was 70%.
                                                             • Discretion was exercised by the Board in relation to the 2024 STI outcome for current Executive
                                                               KMP, with a 20% reduction applied in relation to an increase in provisions related to remediation.
                                                             • A reduction of 30% under the risk and conduct modifier was also applied to two executives
                                                               serving as KMP, totalling a 50% reduction overall for those individuals.
                                                             • 50% of Executive KMP STVR is deferred for 12 months.
                         Long-term variable reward           • The first tranche of the prior equity-based Executive incentive scheme (the Executive Equity Plan)
                         (LTVR)                                reached the end of its four-year performance period on 30 June 2024.
                                                             • The 40% of rights tested against a relative Total Shareholder Return hurdle, failed and will lapse.
                                                             • The 60% that was tested against annualised business performance vested at the maximum
                                                               opportunity of 100%.
                                                             • LTVR is now issued under the EIP with a 4-year vesting period, released after 5 or 6 years in line
                                                               with relevant regulatory requirements.

                        Non-Executive Director (NED)
                         NED fees                            • NED fees were increased by 3% effective 1 July 2023
                                                             • No increase has been applied for financial year 2025.
                                                             • Total fees remain within the current Director Fee pool of $1,750,000.




                                                                                                                                                Financial report | 45
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        2024 performance outcomes
                        The following table provides the 2024 financial year STVR outcomes for the current CEO and Executive KMP. The weighting
                        of shared goals for the CEO of 50% is due to his tenure of 4 months and balance with other priorities for this time.

                                        Performance         Rationale                                     CEO       Exec KMP      Scorecard        CEO         Exec KMP
                                        measure                                                         weighting   weighting       result       outcome       outcome
                                        Net funds flow​     Aggregate funds flow from platforms and       7.5%        10.0%          Not            0%            0.0%
                                                            asset management. Assessed against                                     Achieved
                                                            financial ranges set at the commencement
                                                            of the financial year


                        Financial
                                        OPEX                Operating expenditure across the              7.5%        10.0%        Achieved        7.5%          10.0%
                                                            enterprise. Assessed against financial
                                                            ranges set at the commencement of the
                                                            financial year
                                        UNPAT​              Underlying net profit after tax. Assessed     7.5%        10.0%        Exceeds         9.4%          12.5%




For personal use only
                                                            against financial ranges set at the
                                                            commencement of the financial year
                                        Rectification       Embedding sustainable enterprise             10.0%        15.0%        Achieved         10%          15.0%
                                        Action Plan ​       governance to meet APRA licence
                                                            conditions. Assessed against delivery
                                                            of program milestones
                                        MasterTrust         Separation of legacy MasterTrust products     7.5%        10.0%        Exceeds         9.4%          12.5%
                                        Separation          – Plum and MasterKey from NAB and P&I



                        Non-Financial
                                        critical pathway​   from ANZ. Assessed against delivery of
                                                            program milestones
                                        MLC Wraps           Transition of MLC wrap members                7.5%        10.0%        Exceeds         9.4%          12.5%
                                        transition to       to Expand platform. Assessed against
                                        Expand​             delivery of program milestones
                                        Cultural            Assessment of engagement factors              2.5%        5.0%           Not           0.0%           0.0%
                                        alignment​          measured through CultureAmp, externally                                Achieved
                                                            benchmarked across organisations.
                                                            Assessed against targets set at the
                                                            commencement of the financial year
                                        Total Shared Goals Outcome                                       50.0%        70.0%       Partially        45.6%         62.5%
                                                                                                                                  Achieved

                                        Total Individual Goals Outcome                                   50.0%        30.0%         Varied         50.0%         Range



                        Total Outcome
                                                                                                                                                                between
                                                                                                                                                                 27.5%
                                                                                                                                                                – 35.0%
                                        Total Scorecard Outcome(1)                                      100.0%       100.0%         Varied        95.6%         Range
                                                                                                                                                               between
                                                                                                                                                                90.0%-
                                                                                                                                                                121.9%

                        (1) The total scorecard outcome includes any individuals who may have role modelled behavioural principles where the total scorecard outcome is
                            multiplied by 125%.




                        46 | Financial report
                        5. Key Management Personnel                                       has also decided not to apply the 20% reduction imposed
                                                                                          upon STVR outcome for other Executive KMP due to the
                        CEO transition                                                    non-granting of his LTVR.
                        During the 2024 financial year, the role of CEO was held
                                                                                          Mr Hartley served four months of the 2024 financial year
                        by Mr Mota from 1 July 2023 to 29 February 2024, and by
                                                                                          and so will be eligible for a short-term variable reward on
                        Mr Hartley from 1 March 2024. Mr Mota continued to be
                                                                                          a pro-rated basis. Mr Hartley’s goals reflect those outlined
                        employed following this to support with a smooth transition.
                                                                                          on the prior page, with a slightly different weighting – 50%
                        His employment will be terminated on 31 August 2024 and
                                                                                          on the shared measures and 50% on individual measures
                        his termination payment, equivalent to 12 months’ notice,
                                                                                          focused on expectations as an incoming CEO. The Board
                        will be paid out at this time. The full amount of the payment
                                                                                          has determined that Mr Hartley will be subject to the 20%
                        is reflected in this report on page 55.
                                                                                          reduction to STVR being applied to other Executive KMP.
                        Mr Mota served as an employee for the full 12 months of the       Mr Hartley will also be offered an LTVR grant aligned in
                        performance year and so remains eligible for consideration        relation to the 2024 financial year under the 2024 EIP, which
                        for an incentive under the terms of the EIP. As previously        will be subject to shareholder approval in the November




For personal use only
                        announced, the Board decided not to seek approval from            AGM. The offer will be based on 110.5% of his total fixed
                        shareholders for his 2024 LTVR grant, worth approximately         remuneration for 2024, however pro-rated for his service
                        $1,519,972, effectively forfeiting the full component of this     during the 2024 financial year.
                        part of the EIP reward. However, they determined that
                                                                                          Group Key Management Personnel
                        he will be considered for the STVR component of his EIP
                        reward given his continued employment for the year and            KMP are persons having authority and responsibility for
                        having served as CEO for eight months of the year. Given the      planning, directing, and controlling the activities of an entity,
                        change in his role during the year, the shared goals outlined     directly or indirectly, including any Directors (Executive or
                        on the previous page were adjusted to take account of the         otherwise) of an entity.
                        transitional role he played for part of the year. The Board

                        The table below outlines the Group’s KMP for the year ended 30 June 2024.

                         Name             Role                                                      Term as KMP
                         Chairperson
                         A Griffiths      Independent Non-Executive Director & Chairman             Full year
                         Non-Executive Directors
                         A Bloore         Independent Non-Executive Director                        Full year
                         E Flynn          Independent Non-Executive Director                        Full year
                         J Hampshire      Independent Non-Executive Director                        Appointed 1 May 2024
                         G McGrath        Independent Non-Executive Director                        Appointed 4 March 2024
                         J Selak          Independent Non-Executive Director                        Full year
                         M Somerville     Independent Non-Executive Director                        Full year
                         CEO and Executive Director
                         S Hartley        CEO and Executive Director                                Appointed 1 March 2024
                         Other current Executive KMP
                         D Chalmers       Chief Financial Officer                                   Full year
                         F Lombardo       Chief Operating and Technology Officer                    Full year.
                                                                                                    Ceased KMP duties effective 26 July 2024.
                         G Mulcahy        Chief Asset Management Officer                            Full year
                         M Oliver         Chief Distribution Officer                                Full year.
                                                                                                    Ceased KMP duties effective 26 July 2024.
                         A Saxena         Chief Risk Officer                                        Full year
                         C Weldon         Chief Client Officer                                      Appointed 13 November 2023.
                                                                                                    Ceased KMP duties effective 26 July 2024.
                         Former Executive KMP
                         R Mota           CEO and Managing Director                                 Ceased KMP duties effective 29 February 2024.
                         D Whereat        Chief Advice Officer                                      Ceased KMP duties effective 12 November 2023.


                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 47
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        Executive KMP STVR performance outcomes
                        The following table provides the 2024 financial year STVR outcomes for other Executive KMP for the period they were KMP.
                        The minimum potential outcome is zero:

                                                       STVR Target            STVR              STVR         STVR Cash             STVR       STVR actual      STVR actual
                                                                          Maximum            Outcome                   (5)
                                                                                                                                Deferred           as a %           as a %
                                                                                                   (2,3,4)                              (6)
                                                                                                                                                 of STVR          of STVR
                                                                                                                                                   target       maximum
                         Name                                  2024             2024              2024             2024             2024              2024             2024
                                                                  $                $                 $                $                $                %                %
                         CEO and Executive Director
                         S Hartley(1)                      252,875          316,094           193,449            77,380          116,070                76                61
                         Other current Executive KMP
                         D Chalmers                        386,640          483,300           297,713          148,856           148,856                77                62
                         F Lombardo                        354,634          443,293           178,736            89,368           89,368                50                40




For personal use only
                         G Mulcahy                         366,750          458,438           282,398          141,199           141,199                77                62
                         M Oliver                          322,267          402,834           162,422            81,211           81,211                50                40
                         A Saxena                          248,132          310,165           241,929          120,964           120,964                98                78
                         C Weldon    (9)
                                                           170,410          213,012           129,511            64,756           64,756                76                61
                         Former Executive KMP
                         R Mota(7)                         545,658          682,073           682,073          341,036           341,036               125              100
                         D Whereat      (8)
                                                            81,803          102,253            94,584            94,584                 –              116                92

                        (1) S Hartley commenced KMP duties 1 March 2024. STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP.
                        (2) Includes 20% discretionary Board reduction.
                        (3) Includes 30% risk and conduct modifier reduction for F Lombardo and M Oliver.
                        (4) Approval date of STVR for S Hartley is 21 August 2024 and 20 August 2024 for other Executive KMP.
                        (5) STVR Cash will be paid in September 2024.
                        (6) STVR Deferred will be paid September 2025 (excluding S Hartley), subject to malus and clawback provisions. S Hartley will have 60% of their STVR
                            outcome deferred as follows: 50% payment due September 2025, 10% payment in November 2024, subject to shareholder approval of LTVR offer
                            at 2024 AGM.
                        (7) R Mota ceased KMP duties 29 February 2024 and STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP, 50% of STVR outcome is paid upfront
                            and remaining 50% STVR deferred will be paid September 2025.
                        (8) D Whereat ceased KMP duties 12 November 2023 and STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP. 100% of STVR outcome
                            is paid upfront.
                        (9) C Weldon commenced KMP duties 13 November 2023 and ceased 26 July 2024. STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP.




                        48 | Financial report
                        Remuneration received by Executive KMP
                        The remuneration outcomes table below provides a summary of the remuneration that was received by the Executives in their
                        KMP roles. We believe that presenting this information provides shareholders with greater clarity and transparency of Executive
                        remuneration. This voluntary non-statutory disclosure differs from the statutory remuneration table in section 8.

                                                            Total fixed                  STVR(2)                      LTI(3)                EEP/EIP(4,6)          Total value of
                                                         remuneration (1)                                                                                        remuneration
                                 Name                  2024       2023        2024        2023          2024         2023           2024         2023         2024         2023
                                                          $          $           $           $             $            $              $            $            $            $
                         CEO and Executive Director
                         S Hartley(12)              426,171           –     193,449            –            –            –     469,625                – 1,089,245                –
                         Other current Executive KMP
                         D Chalmers                 862,182   849,150       297,713            –            –                  230,340       644,958 1,390,235 1,494,108
                         F Lombardo          (8)
                                                    791,131   774,932       178,736            –            –      70,180          91,118    600,124 1,060,985 1,445,236




For personal use only
                         G Mulcahy                  791,277   739,831       282,398    342,000              –                  258,450       377,265 1,332,125 1,459,096
                         M Oliver(7)                721,162   662,602       162,422            –            –      15,950      268,090       465,395 1,151,674 1,143,947
                         A Saxena    (5)
                                                    830,840   206,309       516,929            –            –            –     248,132                – 1,595,901      206,309
                         C Weldon    (11)
                                                    382,192           –     129,511            –            –            –     108,328                –    620,031               –
                         Former Executive KMP
                         R Mota(9)                  926,869 1,353,129       682,073            –            –    119,625       (221,082) 1,172,461 1,387,860 2,645,215
                         D Whereat         (10)
                                                    217,915   591,686        94,584            –            –      15,950       (41,679)     449,194       270,820 1,056,830
                         Total                     5,949,739 5,177,639 2,537,815       342,000              –    221,705 1,411,322 3,709,397 9,898,876 9,450,741

                        (1) Includes base salary, non-monetary and superannuation.
                        (2) Refer to table on prior page ‘Executive KMP STVR performance outcomes’ for specific STVR arrangements’.
                        (3) LTI amounts refer to the previous incentive plan for the relevant KMP. No LTI under this plan was provided for KMP in 2024.
                        (4) EEP/EIP value is the total amount of LTVR that the KMP was granted at the commencement of the plan subject to a 4-year performance period
                            and the Board’s evaluation of performance conditions.
                        (5) A Saxena total STVR represents a commencement incentive and performance based STVR for the FY24 period.
                        (6) On review of the 2023 EEP annual assessment of the Financial and Non-Financial hurdles, a portion of the Performance Rights granted were
                            forfeited/cancelled. The impact of this cancellation has been reflected in 2024. Those with negative figures are due to not being part of the 2024
                            EIP offer, however did have cancellation of rights that were in relation to 2023 EEP.
                        (7) EIP/EEP values for M Oliver include an additional grant of performance rights for the 2023 EEP plan granted in October 2023 due to a remuneration
                            increase associated with a role expansion.
                        (8) F Lombardo 2024 EEP/EIP amount includes an additional 40% reduction to his 2023 EEP annualised outcome via a Risk & Conduct modifier which
                            was determined in 2024.
                        (9) R Mota ceased KMP duties 29 February 2024 and STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP for FY24, as per prior table ‘Group Key
                            Management Personnel’.
                        (10) D Whereat ceased KMP duties 12 November 2023 and STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP for FY24, as per prior table ‘Group
                             Key Management Personnel’.										
                        (11) C Weldon commenced KMP duties 13 November 2023 and ceased 26 July 2024, as per prior table ‘Group Key Management Personnel’.
                        (12) S Hartley has been offered an LTVR for 2024. Approval of this grant will be sought at the 2024 AGM.




                                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 49
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        Deferred performance rights
                        For performance rights under the current EIP LTVR component, the vesting of performance rights is subject to two hurdles over
                        a four-year vesting period where the performance rights are equity-settled plans as per below:
                        • 70% of the grant is subject to a Total Shareholder Return (TSR) progressive vesting scale over four years which is known as the
                           financial measure. TSR was chosen as the most appropriate comparative measure as it focuses on the delivery of shareholder
                           value. TSR represents the change in the value of a share plus the value of dividends paid.
                        • The remaining 30% of the grant is subject to Reputation which will be determined based on Insignia Financial’s Reputation
                           score by using the average of the quarterly RepTrak scores of the last 12 months of the performance period and vesting as
                           per the vesting schedule. FY24 was the first year that Insignia Financial will use Reputation as a performance measure and
                           it has been included in recognition of its critical importance in enhancing long-term financial performance.

                         Year                                         Performance         Grant date       IFL TSR for        Ranking            Vesting    Performance
                                                                            period                         the period       relative to         status at         period
                                                                                                                    %          ASX200       30 June 2024        end date




For personal use only
                         2024 EIP                                       2024-2027         13-Dec-23           (12.98%)           125th        0% vested        30 Jun 27

                        For performance rights plans pre-dating the EIP, the vesting of 60% of performance rights under the EEP is subject to annualised
                        assessment for the grant date performance period and subject to a four-year vesting period. 70% of the grant is subject to a TSR
                        progressive vesting scale over four years. TSR was chosen as the most appropriate comparative measure as it focuses on the
                        delivery of shareholder value. TSR represents the change in the value of a share plus the value of dividends paid.

                         Year                                         Performance         Grant date       IFL TSR for        Ranking            Vesting    Performance
                                                                            period                         the period       relative to         status at         period
                                                                                                                    %          ASX200       30 June 2024        end date
                         2023 EEP                                       2023-2026         14-Dec-22            (8.44%)           116th        0% vested        30 Jun 26
                         2022 EEP                                       2022-2025         04-Mar-22           (34.02%)           128th        0% vested        30 Jun 25
                         2021 EEP                                       2021-2024         18-Dec-20           (37.08%)          122nd         0% vested        30 Jun 24

                        Accordingly, the following shares vested or were forfeited for KMP under the 2021 EEP performance rights plans:

                         Name                        Performance            Type of         TSR (40%)        Financial            Non-         % vested       % forfeited
                                                       period end       instrument                               (10%)(1)     Financial
                                                                                                                                 (50%)(1)
                         Current KMP                                                                    Number of shares vested
                         D Chalmers                      30-Jun-24        EEP 2021                  –          11,979           59,900              60%             40%
                         F Lombardo                      30-Jun-24        EEP 2021                  –           8,226           41,131              60%             40%
                         M Oliver                        30-Jun-24        EEP 2021                  –           4,992           24,958              60%             40%
                         C Weldon                        30-Jun-24        EEP 2021                  –           3,494           17,471              60%             40%
                         Former KMP                                                                     Number of shares vested
                         R Mota                          30-Jun-24        EEP 2021                  –          23,959          119,799              60%             40%
                         D Whereat                       30-Jun-24        EEP 2021                  –           5,491           27,454              60%             40%

                        (1) The financial and non-financial hurdles were annualised hurdles that were assessed on a 1 year performance period between 1 July 2020
                            and 30 June 2021.
                        (2) The TSR Hurdle had a four-year performance period (1 July 2020 – 30 June 2024) and performance tested on 30 June 2024. Note that the
                            vesting date was 30 June 2024, subject to Board approval.




                        50 | Financial report
                        Executive employment arrangements
                        The table below provides the employment arrangements for CEO and other Executive KMP.

                         Contract term               CEO                                                         Executive KMP
                         Contract type(1)            Permanent                                                   Permanent
                         Notice period               6 months                                                    6 months
                         Severance                   n/a                                                         n/a
                         STVR treatment              In general, unless otherwise determined by the Board and subject to law:
                         on termination
                                                     • In the case of resignation or termination for cause before the end of the performance period, will not
                                                       be eligible to be considered for an STVR award for that year.
                                                     • Where a KMP’s exit is related to any other reason (i.e. retrenchment, retirement, ill health separation,
                                                       mutual agreement or death), the KMP remains eligible (unless the Board determines otherwise) to be
                                                       considered for an STVR award with regard to actual performance against performance measures (as
                                                       determined by the Board in the ordinary course following the end of the performance period). This
                                                       is subject to pro-rating for the period they served as a KMP.




For personal use only
                         LTVR treatment              In general, unless otherwise determined by the Board:
                         on termination
                                                     • In the case of resignation or termination for cause before the vesting date for the 2024 financial year
                                                       LTVR awards and the end of the performance period for awards granted from the 2021 financial year,
                                                       any performance rights will lapse.
                                                     • Where a KMP’s exit is related to any other reason (i.e. retrenchment, retirement, illhealth separation,
                                                       mutual agreement, or death), any unvested LTVR awards will be subject to a cessation calculation with
                                                       performance measured at the end of the performance period related to each award (and with the
                                                       award otherwise remaining subject to all terms and conditions other than those relating to continuity
                                                       of employment). For LTVR awards granted from the 2024 financial year, KMP who are dismissed during
                                                       the restricted period will forfeit all performance rights subject to the restricted period (as determined
                                                       by the Board in the ordinary course following the end of the performance period).
                                                     • Where a KMP ceases for any other reason during the restricted period, outstanding performance
                                                       rights will continue to remain on foot for the original restricted period(s).

                        (1) Contracts for permanent employment continue until notice is given by either party.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report | 51
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        6. Non-Executive Director remuneration
                        In setting appropriate NED remuneration, the Board considers general industry practice, best principles of corporate
                        governance, the responsibilities and risks attached to the NED role, the time commitment expected of NEDs on Group and
                        Company matters and fees paid to NEDs of comparable companies.

                        In order to ensure NED independence and impartiality, fees are not linked to Company performance and NEDs are not eligible
                        to participate in any of the Group’s incentive arrangements.

                        NED Board, Committee and subsidiary fee structure
                         Elements                         2023/24 fees per annum                                                   $                        $
                         NED Board, Committee             Group Board fee                                                  Chair fee     Board member fee
                         and subsidiary board
                                                          Insignia Financial Ltd board                                      390,000                165,000
                         fee structure
                                                          Committees fee                                                   Chair fee         Committee fee




For personal use only
                                                          Audit                                                              31,050                    15,550
                                                          Risk & Compliance                                                  31,050                    15,550
                                                          Remuneration                                                       20,700                    10,350
                                                          Nominations                                                        15,530                     5,175
                                                          Subsidiary Boards
                                                          RE Board member fee (1 or more RE Boards)                                -                   36,230
                         Post-employment benefits         Superannuation contributions are made at a rate of 11.0% (up to the government’s prescribed
                                                          maximum contributions limit) and are included in the NED fee.

                        The current aggregate fee pool for NEDs of $1.75 million was approved by shareholders at the 2021 Annual General Meeting.
                        The annual total of NEDs’ fees, including superannuation contributions, is within this agreed limit.

                         NED                    Subsidiary Board appointments
                         A Bloore               Mr Bloore was previously a director of I.O.O.F. Investment Management Limited, NULIS Nominees (Australia)
                                                Limited, Oasis Fund Management Limited and OnePath Custodians Pty Limited. Mr Bloore resigned from
                                                these positions effective 9 December 2022.
                         E Flynn                Ms Flynn is a director of Australian Wealth Management Limited, IOOF Group Pty Ltd, MLC Wealth
                                                Limited and IOOF Life Pty Ltd.
                         A Griffiths            Mr Griffiths is Chair of Australian Wealth Management Limited and MLC Wealth Limited, and a director
                                                of IOOF Life Pty Ltd and IOOF Group Pty Ltd.
                         J Hampshire            No subsidiary Board appointments.
                         G McGrath              No subsidiary Board appointments.
                         J Selak                Mr Selak is a director of OnePath Funds Management Limited, IOOF Investment Services Ltd, IOOF Group
                                                Pty Ltd, MLC Investments Limited, Navigator Australia Limited and MLC Asset Management Services Limited.
                         M Somerville           Ms Somerville is a director of OnePath Investment Holdings Pty Limited and OnePath Funds
                                                Management Limited.




                        52 | Financial report
                        2024 statutory remuneration – NEDs
                         NED                                                                              Short-term benefits(1)       Post-employment                Total
                                                                                     Directors’ fees(2)       Non-monetary(3)           Superannuation
                                                                                                     $                         $                         $                 $
                         A Griffiths                                     2024                  362,445                    7,090                   27,448           396,983
                                                                         2023                  364,565                    9,505                   12,160           386,230
                         A Bloore                                        2024                  199,963                      943                   21,911           222,817
                                                                         2023                  224,354                         –                  24,806           249,160
                         E Flynn                                         2024                  264,531                         –                      727          265,258
                                                                         2023                  255,000                         –                    1,030          256,030
                         J Hampshire     (4)
                                                                         2024                   31,515                         –                    3,485           35,000
                                                                         2023                        –                         –                         –                 –




For personal use only
                         G McGrath(5)                                    2024                   62,313                         –                    6,873           69,186
                                                                         2023                        –                         –                         –                 –
                         J Selak                                         2024                  232,546                         –                  25,569           258,115
                                                                         2023                  227,476                         –                  23,660           251,136
                         M Somerville                                    2024                  237,257                         –                  25,607           262,864
                                                                         2023                  232,071                         –                  24,111           256,182
                         Total                                           2024              1,390,570                      8,033                  111,620         1,510,223
                                                                         2023              1,303,466                      9,505                   85,767         1,398,738

                        (1) Short-term benefits include mandated superannuation guarantee contributions in line with the superannuation opt out rules.
                        (2) Director fees include Board and committee fees received in cash.
                        (3) Non-monetary benefits include Company funded benefits and fringe benefits tax payable on those benefits, typically car parking.
                        (4) J Hampshire commenced their NED duties 1 May 2024.
                        (5) G McGrath commenced their NED duties 4 March 2024.


                        Equity holdings of NEDs
                         Name                                                                                 Opening          Changes           Closing        Balance as
                                                                                                              balance            during       balance at          at report
                                                                                                                               the year     30 June 2024      sign-off date
                         Chairperson
                         A Griffiths                                                                           100,000                  –        100,000           100,000
                         NEDs
                         A Bloore(1)                                                                            17,190             20,040         37,230            37,230
                         E Flynn                                                                                49,021                  –         49,021            49,021
                         J Hampshire     (2)
                                                                                                                      –                 –                –                 –
                         G McGrath     (2)
                                                                                                                      –                 –                –                 –
                         J Selak                                                                               155,314                  –        155,314           155,314
                         M Somerville                                                                           10,840                  –         10,840            10,840

                        (1) A Bloore purchased shares during the year.
                        (2) G McGrath and J Hampshire have no shareholdings as at 30 June 2024.


                        Terms of appointment
                        All NEDs have letters of appointment detailing the terms under which they are engaged. The term of appointment for each
                        is open-ended, subject to the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 and the Company’s Constitution.

                        Under the Constitution, one-third of Directors must retire from office each year and may seek re-election by shareholders
                        at the Annual General Meeting of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 53
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        7. Company performance and remuneration impacts
                        In considering the Group’s financial performance and impacts on shareholder wealth for the residual LTVR (EEP and EIP)
                        and STVR determination, the Committee has regard to the following financial metrics in respect of the current financial year
                        and the previous four financial years.

                        5-year Group performance
                                                                                                     2024              2023              2022             2021                 2020
                         Profitability measures
                         (Loss)/profit attributable to the shareholders                            (185.3)             51.4               36.8          (142.6)           141.2
                         of Insignia Financial Ltd ($m)
                         Basic EPS (cents per share)                                                 (27.9)              7.9               5.7           (24.2)                40.3
                         UNPAT ($m)    (1)
                                                                                                    216.6             194.9             234.5            147.8            128.8
                         UNPAT EPS (cents per share)                                                 32.6              29.7               36.1            25.1                 36.8




For personal use only
                         Share information
                         Share price at start of year                                               $2.82             $2.69             $4.27            $4.92            $5.17
                         Share price at end of year                                                 $2.29             $2.82             $2.69            $4.27            $4.92
                         Change in share price                                                     ($0.53)            $0.13             ($1.58)         ($0.65)           ($0.25)
                         Dividends per share (cents per share)                                         9.3             19.8               23.6            23.0                 34.5
                         Ratios
                         Return on equity (statutory measure)(2)                                  (8.47%)            2.17%              1.50%          (5.74%)            8.28%
                         Return on equity (non-statutory measure)(2)                               9.90%             8.24%              9.52%           5.96%             7.59%
                         Total shareholder return                                                (15.50%)           12.19%           (31.50%)          (8.50%)            1.80%
                         STVRs paid to KMP
                         Total STVR paid to KMP ($000s)(3)                                          2,263               342               426              434                 173

                        (1) UNPAT is reconciled to loss for the year in the Operating and Financial Review section of the Directors’ Report.
                        (2) Return on equity is calculated by dividing profit or loss and UNPAT attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd by average equity
                            attributable to the shareholders during the year.
                        (3) STVR amounts exclude the fixed component of STVR which refers to a commencement incentive.




                        54 | Financial report
                        8. Key Management Personnel remuneration – additional statutory disclosure
                        The following table sets out the remuneration received by KMP for the year ended 30 June 2024. The share-based payments
                        shown below are not amounts actually received by KMP during the year, as in accordance with accounting standards, they
                        include accounting values for unvested share awards.

                         Element of                                            Short-term benefits         Post        Long-        Termin-           Total      Component
                         Remuneration                                                                    employ         term          ation                        as a % of
                         Salary                                                                           ment       benefits       benefits                           total
                                                                                                                             (2)           (7)
                                                                                                                                                               remuneration
                                                                         Bonus – cash   (3)
                                                                                               Non-       Super-       Share
                                                                                              mone-        annu-       based
                                                                                               tary(1)      ation   payments
                         Component of                    Fixed      Fixed(4)     Variable      Fixed       Fixed     Variable          Fixed                   Fixed    Vari-
                         remuneration(6)                                                                                                                                able
                                                                                                                                                                               (3)


                                                              $           $              $          $          $             $             $               $       %          %




For personal use only
                         CEO & Managing Director
                         S Hartley           2024     412,739             –      193,449            –     13,432      16,306               –       635,926        67       33
                                             2023             –           –              –          –          –             –             –               –       –           –
                         Current executive KMP
                         D Chalmers          2024     831,802             –      297,713       2,981      27,399     280,801               –      1,440,696       60       40
                                             2023     815,112             –              –     8,746      25,292     306,018               –      1,155,168       74       26
                         F Lombardo          2024     760,702             –      178,736       2,981      27,448     173,518               –      1,143,385       69       31
                                             2023     745,908             –              –     3,732      25,292     253,931               –      1,028,863       75       25
                         G Mulcahy    (5)
                                             2024     787,621             –      282,398       3,657           –     132,470               –      1,206,146       66       34
                                             2023     733,572             –      342,000       6,259           –     140,809               –      1,222,640       61       39
                         M Oliver            2024     688,767             –      162,422       4,947      27,448     196,635               –      1,080,219       67       33
                                             2023     624,276             –              –    13,034      25,292     192,249               –       854,851        78       22
                         A Saxena            2024     799,736     275,000        241,929       3,657      27,448      21,539               –      1,369,309       81       19
                                             2023     199,927             –              –        59       6,323             –             –       206,309      100            –
                         C Weldon    (10)
                                             2024     363,333             –      129,511         896      17,963      23,437               –       535,140        71       29
                                             2023             –           –              –          –          –             –             –               –       –           –
                         Former executive KMP
                         R Mota(8)           2024     902,218             –      682,073       6,842      17,809     320,613       3,053,172      4,982,727       80       20
                                             2023   1,315,062             –              –    12,775      25,292     570,484               –      1,923,613       70       30
                         D Whereat     (9)
                                             2024     206,079             –        94,584      1,825      10,011      56,325               –       368,824        59       41
                                             2023     552,517             –              –    13,877      25,292     196,671               –       788,357        75       25
                         Total               2024   5,752,997     275,000      2,262,815      27,786     168,958    1,221,644      3,053,172     12,762,372
                                             2023   4,986,374             –      342,000      58,482     132,783    1,660,162              –      7,179,801

                        (1) Non-monetary benefits include Company funded benefits and fringe benefits tax payable on those benefits, typically car parking.
                        (2) Share-based payments include accruals in relation to the Executive Performance Share Plans (LTI & EEP) and accruals in relation to other grants
                            of performance rights over shares in the Company. The value of the number of shares and options expected to vest has been apportioned over
                            the term from grant date to vesting date, in accordance with the accounting standards. STIs awarded in deferred shares are also shown here.
                        (3) Incentive amounts represent cash accruals in current and prior year. As payment of the variable component is at the discretion of the Board, the
                            minimum value is nil and the maximum is the total amount paid.
                        (4) Amounts represent retention and commencement incentives, which are non-performance based.
                        (5) No superannuation was paid in respect of G Mulcahy as they are a member of a defined benefit plan which is in a payment holiday.
                        (6) Fixed amounts are non-performance based, and variable amounts are performance based.
                        (7) Termination Benefits for R Mota are the full amounts provided.
                        (8) R Mota ceased KMP duties 29 February 2024 and STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP.
                        (9) D Whereat ceased KMP duties 12 November 2023 and STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP.
                        (10) C Weldon commenced KMP duties 13 November 2023 and ceased 26 July 2024. STVR amounts are pro-rated for the period they were KMP.




                                                                                                                                                          Financial report | 55
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        9. Other information
                        Equity holdings
                        The table below sets out details of deferred shares and rights that were granted to KMP during 2024 or in prior years and that
                        then vested, were exercised/sold or which lapsed/were forfeited during 2024.

                         Name                         Type of            Grant date                     Fair value per right        Number granted(1)       Opening balance
                                                      instrument                                              at grant date
                         CEO and Executive Director
                         S Hartley(6)                 2024 EIP           –                                             $0.99                      164,706                 –
                         Total S Hartley                                                                                                                                  –
                         Other current Executive KMP
                         D Chalmers                   2024 EIP           13-Dec-23                                     $0.99                      135,601                 –
                                                      2023 EEP           14-Dec-22                                     $2.45                      248,507          248,507




For personal use only
                                                      2022 EEP           4-Mar-22                                      $2.72                      165,504          146,478
                                                      2021 EEP           18-Dec-20                                     $2.29                      119,799          119,799
                         Total D Chalmers                                                                                                                          514,784
                         F Lombardo                   2024 EIP           13-Dec-23                                     $0.99                      124,376                 –
                                                      2023 EEP           14-Dec-22                                     $2.45                      227,406          227,406
                                                      2022 EEP           4-Mar-22                                      $2.72                      131,232          116,146
                                                      2021 EEP           18-Dec-20                                     $2.29                       82,262            82,262
                         Total F Lombardo                                                                                                                          425,814
                         G Mulcahy                    2024 EIP           13-Dec-23                                     $0.99                      128,626                 –
                                                      2023 EEP           14-Dec-22                                     $2.45                      149,535          149,535
                                                      2022 EEP           4-Mar-22                                      $2.72                      102,293            88,310
                         Total G Mulcahy                                                                                                                           237,845
                         M Oliver(5)                  2024 EIP           13-Dec-23                                     $0.99                      113,024                 –
                                                      2023 EEP           14-Dec-22                                     $2.45                      206,594          171,687
                                                      2022 EEP           4-Mar-22                                      $2.72                      103,528            95,021
                                                      2021 EEP           18-Dec-20                                     $2.29                       49,916            49,916
                         Total M Oliver                                                                                                                            316,624
                         A Saxena                     2024 EIP           13-Dec-23                                     $0.99                       87,024                 –
                         Total A Saxena                                                                                                                                   –
                         C Weldon                     2024 EIP           13-Dec-23                                     $0.99                       94,694                 –
                                                      2023 EEP           14-Dec-22                                     $2.45                      148,877          148,877
                                                      2022 EEP           4-Mar-22                                      $2.72                       81,127            71,801
                                                      2021 EEP           18-Dec-20                                     $2.29                       34,941            34,941
                         Total C Weldon                                                                                                                            255,619
                         Former Executive KMP
                         R Mota                       2023 EEP           14-Dec-22                                     $2.45                      527,261          527,261
                                                      2022 EEP           4-Mar-22                                      $2.72                      351,426          265,189
                                                      2021 EEP           18-Dec-20                                     $2.29                      239,597          239,597
                         Total R Mota                                                                                                                            1,032,047
                         D Whereat                    2023 EEP           14-Dec-22                                     $2.45                      171,021          171,021
                                                      2022 EEP           4-Mar-22                                      $2.72                      113,790          101,946
                                                      2021 EEP           18-Dec-20                                     $2.29                       54,908            54,908
                         Total D Whereat                                                                                                                           327,875
                         Total KMP                                                                                                                               3,110,608

                        (1) Exercise price at grant date is $nil.
                        (2) Vested rights were approved and vested 30 June 2024 for EEP 2021, subject to exercise post 22 August 2024.
                        (3) Forfeited/lapsed performance rights for EEP 2023 refer to annualised assessment at the end of each financial year.
                        (4) Forfeited/lapsed performance rights for EEP 2021 refer to the non-achievement of the TSR hurdle assessed at the end of the performance period.
                        (5) Additional rights were granted to M Oliver in 2024 in respect of the 2023 EEP plan based on a review of his remuneration in December 2022.
                        (6) S Hartley equity holdings relate to the offer provided for 2024. Official grant is subject to shareholder approval.

                        56 | Financial report
                           Granted as   Exercised/Vested(2)   Forfeited/Lapsed(3,4)   Closing balance          Financial year of
                        compensation                                                                    performance period end


                             164,706                     –                       –           164,706                       2027
                             164,706                     –                       –          164,706


                             135,601                     –                       –           135,601                       2027
                                   –                     –                (53,483)           195,024                       2026




For personal use only
                                   –                     –                       –           146,478                       2025
                                   –               (71,879)               (47,920)                 –                       2024
                             135,601              (71,879)               (101,403)          477,103
                             124,376                     –                       –           124,376                       2027
                                   –                     –                (90,171)           137,235                       2026
                                   –                     –                       –           116,146                       2025
                                   –               (49,357)               (32,905)                 –                       2024
                             124,376              (49,357)               (123,076)          377,757
                             128,626                     –                       –           128,626                       2027
                                   –                     –                (37,059)           112,476                       2026
                                   –                     –                       –            88,310                       2025
                             128,626                     –                (37,059)          329,412
                             113,024                     –                       –           113,024                       2027
                              34,907                     –                (53,445)           153,149                       2026
                                   –                     –                       –            95,021                       2025
                                   –               (29,950)               (19,966)                 –                       2024
                             147,931              (29,950)                (73,411)          361,194
                              87,024                     –                       –            87,024                       2027
                              87,024                     –                       –            87,024
                              94,694                     –                       –            94,694                       2027
                                   –                     –                (33,659)           115,218                       2026
                                   –                     –                       –            71,801                       2025
                                   –               (20,965)               (13,976)                 –                       2024
                              94,694              (20,965)                (47,635)          281,713


                                   –                     –               (113,476)           413,785                       2026
                                   –                     –                       –           265,189                       2025
                                   –             (143,758)                (95,839)                 –                       2024
                                   –             (143,758)               (209,315)          678,974
                                   –                     –                (38,666)           132,355                       2026
                                   –                     –                       –           101,946                       2025
                                   –               (32,945)               (21,963)                 –                       2024
                                   –              (32,945)                (60,629)          234,301
                             882,958             (348,854)               (652,528)         2,992,184




                                                                                                              Financial report | 57
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        The relevant interest of KMP and related parties in the shares issued by the Company, is as follows:

                         Ordinary shares(1)(4)                                                                    Opening       Received on       Net other         Closing
                                                                                                                  balance         vesting of        change          balance
                                                                                                                               performance
                                                                                                                                     rights(2)
                                                                                                                        No.              No.           No.                No.
                         Current Executive KMP
                         D Chalmers                                                                 2024                  –          71,879              –          71,879
                                                                                                    2023                  –                   –          –                  –
                         F Lombardo(3)                                                              2024          144,576            49,357              –         193,933
                                                                                                    2023          122,576            22,000              –         144,576
                         M Oliver   (6)
                                                                                                    2024            10,373           29,950              –          40,323
                                                                                                    2023             5,000             5,000           373          10,373




For personal use only
                         C Weldon(3,5)                                                              2024            21,779           20,965              –          42,744
                                                                                                    2023                  –                   –          –                  –
                         Former Executive KMP
                         R Mota(3,6)                                                                2024          409,828                     –                    409,828
                                                                                                    2023          372,328            37,500              –         409,828
                         D Whereat        (6)
                                                                                                    2024            20,000                    –                     20,000
                                                                                                    2023            15,000             5,000             –          20,000

                        (1) The equity holding for the above individuals is inclusive of both direct and indirect shareholdings.
                        (2) Rights that vested in 2024 include the recent vesting of the EEP 2021, subject to exercise post 22 August 2024.
                        (3) R Mota, C Weldon and F Lombardo shareholdings includes holdings in the name of related parties.
                        (4) S Hartley, G Mulcahy and A Saxena all have nil shareholdings (2024: nil).
                        (5) Opening Balance for C Weldon is reflective of the date they commenced as KMP. Interests relating to 2023 is not reported as C Weldon
                            was not a KMP.
                        (6) Closing Balance for R Mota and D Whereat is reflective of the date they ceased as KMP.


                        Executive minimum shareholding requirements
                        The relevant amount of IFL equity required to be held by Executives under the IFL Security Holding Policy and the time to comply
                        is as follows:

                         Category                        % of total fixed       Timeframe                                Securities included to meet requirements
                                                         remuneration
                         CEO                             100%                   CEO, Executive KMP and other             Insignia Financial Ltd shares: Ordinary shares
                                                                                Executives are expected to               registered in the CEO, Executive KMP or Other
                                                                                achieve the minimum-security             Executives name or a related party.
                                                                                holding (MSR) requirement                Performance rights:
                                                                                within a four-year period from
                                                                                                                         • Includes vested performance rights and
                                                                                1 July 2020 or commencement in
                                                                                                                           performance rights for which the performance
                                                                                their role as an Executive or CEO.
                                                                                                                           conditions have been satisfied, but the formal
                         Executive KMP and               50%
                         other Executives                                                                                  notice of vesting has not yet been provided.
                                                                                                                         • Unvested performance rights still subject
                                                                                                                           to testing are not included in the minimum
                                                                                                                           security holding calculation.




                        58 | Financial report
                        The following table shows the number of shares and performance rights held by CEO, other Executive KMP and/or their related
                        parties. A related party is typically a family member of the Executive and/or is an entity in which the Executive has direct or
                        indirect control.

                         Name                 Type                         Holdings        Granted           Total          Total           MSR        Due date       Progress
                                                                          balance at                        share-       value of       require-                       against
                                                                             30 June                      holdings         share-       ment as                          MSR(3)
                                                                               2024                                      holdings       % of TFR
                                                                                                                                  (2)


                                                                                 No.            No.             No.              $              %                            %
                         CEO & Executive Director
                         Scott Hartley(5)     IFL Shares                            –              –
                                              Vesting performance                   –              –              –              –            100    01-Mar-28                –
                                              rights (Tested)(4)
                         Other current Executive KMP




For personal use only
                         D Chalmers           IFL Shares                     71,879
                                              Vesting performance                   –      197,498        269,377      1,057,135               50     30-Jun-24            132
                                              rights (Tested)(4)
                         F Lombardo(6)        IFL Shares                    193,933
                                              Vesting performance                          128,637        322,570      1,080,034               50     30-Jun-24            196
                                              rights (Tested)(4)
                         G Mulcahy            IFL Shares                            –
                                              Vesting performance                          113,194        113,194        401,964               50     30-Jun-26             53
                                              rights (Tested)(4)
                         M Oliver             IFL Shares                     40,323
                                              Vesting performance                          140,301        180,624        671,248               50     30-Jun-24            134
                                              rights (Tested)(4)
                         A Saxena(5)          IFL Shares                            –
                                              Vesting performance                                  –              –              –             50    27-Mar-27                –
                                              rights (Tested)(4)
                         C Weldon(6)          IFL Shares                     42,744
                                              Vesting performance                          107,017        149,761        573,598               50    30-Sep-24             175
                                              rights (Tested)(4)
                         Former Executive KMP
                         R Mota(1,6)          IFL Shares                    553,586
                                              Vesting performance                          373,344        926,930      4,259,588              n/a            n/a           n/a
                                              rights (Tested)(4)
                         D Whereat(1)         IFL Shares                     52,945
                                              Vesting performance                          135,236        188,181        706,525              n/a            n/a           n/a
                                              rights (Tested)(4)

                        (1) R Mota and D Whereat ceased KMP duties during the year.
                        (2) The total value of shareholding is calculated based on the higher of the price at date of purchase/vesting/grant and the current price as at
                            30 June 2024. The MSR applies to executives only.
                        (3) The progress against MSR is based on the fixed remuneration at the time of calculation as per the Security Holdings Policy, which is either
                            1 July 2020 or the start date as an Executive.
                        (4) The vesting performance rights (tested) relates to the rights under the FY22 and FY23 EEP that have been performance tested however still vesting.
                        (5) S Hartley and A Saxena currently have nil relevant holdings or performance tested performance rights, however, are on track to meet their MSR
                            requirement by the due date.
                        (6) R Mota, C Weldon and F Lombardo holdings include shares held in a related party.




                                                                                                                                                            Financial report | 59
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration report (cont’d)

                        Payments to persons before taking office
                        No Director or member of senior management appointed during the year received a payment as part of his or her
                        consideration for agreeing to hold the position.

                        This report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors made pursuant to Section 298(2) of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.

                        The Remuneration Report is prepared, and audited, in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        It forms part of the Directors’ Report.




                        John Selak
                        Group People & Remuneration




For personal use only
                        Committee Chair

                        22 August 2024




                        60 | Financial report
                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
                        Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001




For personal use only
                         To the Directors of Insignia Financial Ltd

                         I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Insignia Financial Ltd
                         for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 there have been:

                                 i.      no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the
                                         Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                                 ii.     no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                         KPMG                                                     Dean Waters

                                                                                  Partner

                                                                                  Melbourne

                                                                                  22 August 2024




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                        with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo
                        are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a
                        scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                 61




                                                                                                                                              Financial report | 61
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                                                         Note               $m                $m
                            Continuing operations
                            Revenue                                                                                                          3          1,941.5          1,948.4
                            Expenses                                                                                                         4         (2,152.5)         (1,897.4)
                            Impairment expenses                                                                                                                –              (3.5)
                            Share of profit of associates                                                                                  26              10.7               9.4
                            Finance costs                                                                                                                 (60.0)            (54.2)
                            (Loss)/Profit before tax and statutory funds from continuing operations                                                      (260.3)              2.7
                            Income tax benefit                                                                                               5             75.0               1.5
                            (Loss)/Profit after tax before statutory funds from continuing operations                                                    (185.3)              4.2
                            Statutory funds revenue*                                                                                       30               (1.6)            55.5




For personal use only
                            Statutory funds expenses*                                                                                      30               (8.3)           (27.1)
                            Statutory funds income tax benefit/(expense)*                                                                  30               9.9             (28.4)
                            Statutory funds contribution to profit/(loss), net of tax                                                                          –                –
                            (Loss)/Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                        (185.3)              4.2
                            Discontinued operations
                            Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                29                  –             47.0
                            (Loss)/Profit for the year                                                                                                   (185.3)             51.2
                            Other comprehensive income
                            Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                            Change in fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income                                                     (0.3)             (0.7)
                            Remeasurements of defined benefit asset                                                                                         3.1               1.5
                            Income tax related                                                                                                              (0.8)             (0.2)
                                                                                                                                                            2.0               0.6
                            Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                            Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                                                                          (0.2)             1.3
                            Income tax related                                                                                                              0.1               (0.4)
                                                                                                                                                            (0.1)             0.9
                            Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                                                      1.9               1.5
                            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                      (183.4)             52.7
                            (Loss)/Profit attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd                                                     (185.3)             51.4
                            (Loss)/Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                            –              (0.2)
                            (Loss)/Profit for the year                                                                                                   (185.3)             51.2
                            Total comprehensive income attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd                                        (183.4)             52.9
                            Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                               –              (0.2)
                            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                      (183.4)             52.7
                            Earnings per share
                            Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                                 7            (27.9)              7.9
                            Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                               7            (27.9)              7.9
                            Earnings per share – continuing operations
                            Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                                 7            (27.9)              0.7
                            Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                               7            (27.9)              0.7

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 67–108.
                        *     A subsidiary of the Company, IOOF Ltd, is a friendly society in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. The funds operated by IOOF Ltd, and any
                              trusts controlled by those funds, are treated as statutory funds in accordance with the Life Insurance Act 1995. These statutory funds are required to
                              be consolidated in accordance with accounting standards. IOOF Ltd was divested on 31 October 2023.



                        62 | Financial report
                        Consolidated statement of financial position
                        As at 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                                       Note        $m              $m

                         Assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                       8      421.7            505.6
                         Receivables                                                                     9      269.3            268.7
                         Other financial assets                                                         10      204.5            282.3
                         Current tax assets                                                                        0.7            33.8
                         Prepayments                                                                             40.5             36.6
                         Assets classified as held for sale                                             28       26.7          1,148.0
                         Property and equipment                                                         11      109.1            146.0
                         Net defined benefit asset                                                      31       24.3             21.3
                         Associates                                                                     26       59.5             59.1




For personal use only
                         Intangible assets                                                              12    2,424.8          2,503.4
                         Deferred tax assets                                                             5         7.6                –
                         Total assets                                                                         3,588.7         5,004.8
                         Liabilities
                         Payables                                                                       13      171.9            195.8
                         Other financial liabilities                                                    14       12.2             20.1
                         Provisions                                                                     16      427.5            365.2
                         Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                 28       15.2          1,105.4
                         Lease liabilities                                                              15      138.7            161.8
                         Borrowings                                                                     18      778.8            775.6
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                        5           –            51.1
                         Total liabilities                                                                    1,544.3         2,675.0
                         Net assets                                                                           2,044.4         2,329.8
                         Equity
                         Share capital                                                                  19    3,054.0          3,036.1
                         Reserves                                                                       20         6.3             4.6
                         Accumulated losses                                                                   (1,015.4)         (710.4)
                         Total equity attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd              2,044.9          2,330.3
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                 (0.5)            (0.5)
                         Total equity                                                                         2,044.4         2,329.8

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 67–108.




                                                                                                                    Financial report | 63
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                         For the year ended 30 June 2023                      Ordinary      Treasury       Reserves    Accum-       Total         Non-        Total
                                                                                shares        shares                    ulated               controlling     equity
                                                                                                                        losses                 interest
                                                                                    $m            $m            $m         $m         $m            $m          $m
                         Balance at 1 July 2022                                 3,017.2          (3.6)          5.0    (617.5)    2,401.1          (0.2)    2,400.9
                         Total comprehensive income
                         Profit for the year                                           –               –         –       51.4       51.4            (0.2)     51.2
                         Other comprehensive income, net                               –               –        0.4        1.1        1.5             –         1.5
                         of income tax
                         Total comprehensive income                                    –               –        0.4      52.5       52.9            (0.2)     52.7
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                         Issue of shares under dividend                            26.2                –         –           –      26.2              –       26.2
                         reinvestment plan




For personal use only
                         Purchase of treasury shares                                   –          (4.9)          –           –       (4.9)            –        (4.9)
                         Capital return                                                –               –         –           –          –           (0.1)      (0.1)
                         Dividends paid                                                –               –         –      (146.2)    (146.2)            –      (146.2)
                         Release on disposal of subsidiaries                           –               –       (2.7)         –       (2.7)            –        (2.7)
                         Share-based payments expense                                  –               –        3.9          –        3.9             –         3.9
                         Share-based payments reserve transfer                      1.2                –       (1.2)         –          –             –           –
                         Treasury shares transferred to recipients                  (1.3)         1.3            –           –          –             –           –
                         Lapsed performance rights transfer                            –               –       (0.8)       0.8          –             –           –
                         Total transactions with owners                            26.1           (3.6)        (0.8)    (145.4)    (123.7)          (0.1)    (123.8)
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                3,043.3          (7.2)          4.6    (710.4)    2,330.3          (0.5)    2,329.8

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 67–108.




                        64 | Financial report
                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                         For the year ended 30 June 2024                      Ordinary      Treasury       Reserves    Accum-        Total         Non-         Total
                                                                                shares        shares                    ulated                controlling      equity
                                                                                                                        losses                  interest
                                                                                    $m            $m            $m          $m         $m            $m           $m
                         Balance at 1 July 2023                                3,043.3           (7.2)          4.6     (710.4)    2,330.3          (0.5)    2,329.8
                         Total comprehensive income
                         Loss for the year                                             –               –         –      (185.3)     (185.3)            –       (185.3)
                         Other comprehensive income, net                               –               –       (0.3)        2.2        1.9             –          1.9
                         of income tax
                         Total comprehensive income                                    –               –       (0.3)    (183.1)     (183.4)            –       (183.4)
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                         Issue of shares under dividend                            19.6                –         –            –       19.6             –         19.6
                         reinvestment plan




For personal use only
                         Purchase of treasury shares                                   –          (2.3)          –            –       (2.3)            –          (2.3)
                         Dividends paid                                                –               –         –      (123.2)     (123.2)            –       (123.2)
                         Share-based payments expense                                  –               –        3.9           –        3.9             –          3.9
                         Share-based payments reserve transfer                      0.6                –       (0.6)          –          –             –             –
                         Treasury shares transferred to recipients                  (1.2)         1.2            –            –          –             –             –
                         Lapsed performance rights transfer                            –               –       (0.2)        0.2          –             –             –
                         Equity investment revaluation reserve transfer                –               –       (1.4)        1.4          –             –             –
                         Business combination reserve transfer                         –               –        0.3        (0.3)         –             –             –
                         Total transactions with owners                            19.0           (1.1)         2.0     (121.9)     (102.0)            –       (102.0)
                         Balance at 30 June 2024                                3,062.3          (8.3)          6.3    (1,015.4)   2,044.9          (0.5)    2,044.4

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 67–108.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 65
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Consolidated statement of cash flows
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                  2024        2023
                                                                                                        Note        $m          $m
                         Cash flows from operating activities
                         Receipts from customers                                                               1,871.0     1,930.2
                         Payments to suppliers and employees                                                   (1,523.5)   (1,603.6)
                         Dividends from associates                                                                  9.8       11.3
                         Remediation costs                                                                      (193.4)     (160.3)
                         Transformation and separation costs                                                    (253.5)     (161.8)
                         Legal settlements paid                                                                    (5.6)       (2.9)
                         Income taxes refunded                                                                    41.5        20.8
                         Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities from the corporate group             (53.7)      33.7
                         Receipts from customers                                                                    0.8         2.3




For personal use only
                         Payments to suppliers and employees                                                       (2.8)       (8.1)
                         Contributions received from policyholders                                                21.3        77.2
                         Withdrawal payments to policyholders                                                     (46.3)    (137.2)
                         Dividends and distributions received                                                       1.5         2.3
                         Net proceeds from financial instruments                                                  20.2        67.8
                         Loans advanced to policyholders                                                            5.7       14.2
                         Income taxes paid                                                                            –       (15.9)
                         Net cash provided by operating activities from the statutory funds                         0.4         2.6
                         Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                              8       (53.3)      36.3
                         Cash flows from investing activities
                         Dividends and distributions received                                                       0.3         0.4
                         Interest received                                                                        33.0        21.9
                         Net proceeds from divestment of subsidiaries                                             42.8       132.6
                         Net proceeds from divestment of associates                                                 0.1       30.1
                         Net proceeds on divestment of financial assets                                             5.9           –
                         Net proceeds/(payments) for financial instruments                                        84.0        (14.9)
                         Net payments for property and equipment                                                   (1.2)       (5.4)
                         Net proceeds/(payments) for intangible assets                                            10.7        (14.1)
                         Net cash provided by investing activities                                               175.6       150.6
                         Cash flows from financing activities
                         Drawdown of borrowings (net of borrowing costs)                                         161.0       782.4
                         Repayment of borrowings (principal)                                                    (161.0)     (791.3)
                         Interest and other costs of finance paid                                                 (50.9)      (34.9)
                         Repayment of lease liabilities                                                           (38.5)      (41.0)
                         Early lease incentive received                                                             3.2       25.0
                         Acquisition of treasury shares                                                            (2.3)       (4.9)
                         Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                                (103.6)     (120.0)
                         Net cash used in financing activities                                                  (192.1)     (184.7)
                         Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     (69.8)        2.2
                         Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                      505.6       518.0
                         Reclassified to assets held for sale during the year                                     (14.1)      (14.6)
                         Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                                     8      421.7       505.6

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements are included on pages 67–108.




                        66 | Financial report
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                        Section 1 – Basis of preparation

                           This section sets out the Group’s accounting policies that relate to the financial statements
                           as a whole. Where an accounting policy is specific to a single note, the policy is described in
                           the note to which it relates. This section also shows new accounting standards, amendments
                           and interpretations, and whether they are effective in 2024 or later years. The expected
                           impact of these changes to the financial position and performance of the Group is explained
                           in this section.


                        1 Basis of preparation                                         (b) Basis of measurement
                        Reporting entity                                               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
                        Insignia Financial Ltd (‘the Company’) is a public company     on the historical cost basis except for the following material




For personal use only
                        listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (trading under         items in the statement of financial position:
                        the symbol ‘IFL’), domiciled in Australia. The consolidated    • financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
                        financial statements of the Company for the year                  are measured at fair value; and
                        ended 30 June 2024 comprise the Company and its                • assets classified as held for sale are measured at the
                        controlled entities (collectively, the Group or the Insignia      lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
                        Financial Group).
                                                                                       The statement of financial position is presented in order
                        The Insignia Financial Group is a for-profit entity. The       of liquidity.
                        principal activities of the Group during the year were:
                                                                                       (c) Functional and presentation currency
                        • Superannuation, pension and investment platforms
                           – as one of the largest superannuation and pension          These consolidated financial statements are presented
                           providers in Australia, we offer a number of award-         in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s functional
                           winning investment solutions, used by many of Australia’s   currency.
                           largest employers and financial advisers;                   (d) Rounding of amounts
                        • Asset management – we provide access to a broad suite        The Company is a company of the kind referred to
                           of investment capabilities across a range of multi-asset    in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’
                           and single asset classes; and                               Reports) Instrument 2016/191 and in accordance with that
                        • Financial advice – our advisers offer coaching, guidance     instrument, amounts in the financial report are rounded
                           and advice based on clients’ needs.                         off to the nearest one hundred thousand dollars, unless
                                                                                       otherwise stated.
                        The Company’s registered office and its principal place
                        of business are Level 1, 800 Bourke Street, Docklands          (e) Use of estimates and judgements
                        Victoria 3008.                                                 Management is required to make judgements, estimates
                        Basis of preparation                                           and assumptions that affect the application of accounting
                                                                                       policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
                        (a) Statement of compliance
                                                                                       income and expenses. Actual results may differ from
                        These general purpose financial statements have been           these estimates.
                        prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
                        Standards (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting         Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
                        Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations Act 2001. The      an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
                        consolidated financial statements comply with International    recognised in the year in which the estimates are revised
                        Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the            and in any future years affected.
                        International Accounting Standards Board.

                        The annual financial report was approved by the Board
                        of Directors on 22 August 2024.




                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 67
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Information about critical judgements in applying                If the initial accounting for a business combination is
                        accounting policies, assumptions and estimation                  incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
                        uncertainties that may have a significant effect on the          combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts
                        amounts recognised in the financial statements is included       for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those
                        in the following notes:                                          provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement
                        • note 12 – Intangible assets;                                   period (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition
                                                                                         date), or additional assets or liabilities are recognised,
                        • note 16 – Provisions;
                                                                                         to reflect new information obtained about facts and
                        • note 21 – Commitments and contingencies;                       circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date.
                        • note 23 – Fair value of financial assets and liabilities;
                                                                                         Non-controlling interests
                        • note 31 – Defined benefit plan; and
                                                                                         Non-controlling interests (NCI) are measured initially at their
                        • note 32 – Share-based payments.                                proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets
                        (f) Other material accounting policies                           at the acquisition date. Changes in the Group’s interest
                                                                                         in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are




For personal use only
                        Material accounting policies have been included in the
                                                                                         accounted for as equity transactions.
                        relevant notes to which the policies relate. Other material
                        accounting policies are listed below.                            Subsidiaries
                        Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified               Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group
                        to conform with the current year’s presentation.                 controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to,
                                                                                         variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
                        Basis of consolidation
                                                                                         has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the            the entity. The financial performance of subsidiaries are
                        assets and liabilities of all controlled subsidiaries of the     included in the consolidated results of the Group from the
                        Company as at 30 June 2024 and the results of all controlled     date on which control commences until the date on which
                        subsidiaries for the year then ended.                            control ceases.
                        Business combinations                                            Loss of control
                        The Group accounts for business combinations using               When the Group loses control over a subsidiary,
                        the acquisition method. Consideration transferred and            it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary,
                        net assets identified are measured at fair value. Transaction    and any related non-controlling interests and other
                        costs are expensed as incurred except if related to the          components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is
                        issue of debt or equity securities.                              recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in
                        Any contingent consideration payable is recognised at fair       the former subsidiary is measured at fair value when
                        value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration   control is lost.
                        is classified as equity, it is not remeasured and settlement     Treasury shares
                        is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent
                                                                                         Treasury shares are held by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust,
                        changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration
                                                                                         a subsidiary of the Group. IOOF Equity Plans Trust
                        are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                                         administers the Group’s employee share schemes.
                        Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the             Treasury shares are deducted from share capital.
                        consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition-
                                                                                         Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                        date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and
                        the liabilities assumed. Goodwill is tested annually             Intra-group balances and transactions are eliminated
                        for impairment.                                                  in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Share
                                                                                         of accounting profits arising from transactions with equity
                                                                                         accounted investees are eliminated against the investment
                                                                                         to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Share
                                                                                         of accounting losses are eliminated only to the extent that
                                                                                         there is no evidence of impairment. Dividends paid to the
                                                                                         IOOF Equity Plans Trust are also eliminated.




                        68 | Financial report
                        Goods and services tax                                          Foreign operations
                        Revenues, expenses and assets (excluding receivables) are       The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including
                        recorded net of goods and services tax (GST). GST input tax     goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on consolidation,
                        credits are initially recorded as an asset and GST collected    are translated to Australian dollars at foreign exchange
                        as a liability. These balances are offset as at the reporting   rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. The revenue and
                        date and recognised as either an amount receivable or           expenses of foreign operations are translated to Australian
                        payable to the Australian Taxation Office (ATO). The GST        dollars at rates approximating the foreign exchange
                        portion relating to financial supplies and non-deductible       rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign
                        expenditure, for which an input tax credit cannot be            currency differences are recognised in the foreign currency
                        claimed, is expensed or is recognised as part of the cost of    translation reserve.
                        acquisition of an asset.
                                                                                        (g) New accounting standards and amendments
                        Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the            to accounting standards issued but not yet effective
                        amount of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of          A number of other new accounting standards and
                        GST recoverable from, or payable to, the ATO is included




For personal use only
                                                                                        amendments to accounting standards have been issued
                        with other receivables or payables in the statement of          but are not yet effective, have not been early adopted by the
                        financial position.                                             Group. These standards and amendments to accounting
                        Cash flows are presented in the statement of cash flows         standards, when applied in future periods, are not expected
                        on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising      to have a material impact on the financial position or
                        from investing or financing activities which are recoverable    performance of the Group other than discussed below:
                        from, or payable to, the ATO are presented as operating
                                                                                        AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial
                        cash flows.
                                                                                        Statements
                        Foreign currency transactions                                   AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
                        Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at            will be applicable to the Group for the 30 June 2028 financial
                        the foreign exchange rate prevailing at the date of the         year. The standard will replace AASB 101 Presentation
                        transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated        of Financial Statements. The standard establishes key
                        in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are             presentation and disclosure requirements including newly
                        translated to Australian dollars at the foreign exchange        defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss, the
                        rate prevailing at that date. Foreign exchange differences      disclosure of management-defined performance measures
                        arising on translation are recognised in profit or loss. Non-   and enhanced requirements for grouping information.
                        monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms
                        of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
                        the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.




                                                                                                                                   Financial report | 69
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                        Section 2 – Results for the year

                           This section focuses on the results and performance of the Group. On the following pages you
                           will find disclosures explaining the Group’s segment information, results for the year, taxation,
                           dividends and earnings per share.


                        2 Operating segments                                           Corporate
                        Basis of segmentation                                          The Corporate segment comprises group functions required
                        The Insignia Financial Group has four reportable segments      to support the Group and operating segments. Activities
                        at 30 June 2024: Platforms, Advice, Asset Management and       performed by the segment are of a strategic, shareholder
                        Corporate. This is determined based on the Group’s internal    or governance nature and reflect centralised corporate
                        reporting to the chief operating decision maker which is the   expenses.




For personal use only
                        Group’s Chief Executive Officer.                               Underlying net profit after tax
                        Platforms                                                      Segment performance is measured based on segment
                        The Platforms segment provides a range of superannuation       underlying net profit after tax (UNPAT) as discussed
                        and investment solutions to investors, superannuation fund     in the Operating and Financial Review section of the
                        members, employers and advisers across Wrap and Master         Directors’ Report.
                        Trust structures.                                              UNPAT adjustments are determined by management
                        Asset Management                                               to be outside normal operating activities and are
                                                                                       significant in their size. Management believes that UNPAT
                        The Asset Management segment provides investment
                                                                                       provides the most relevant information in evaluating
                        management services to institutional, retail and direct
                                                                                       the financial performance of each segment from normal
                        clients across a diverse range of asset classes and
                                                                                       operating activities.
                        product constructs.

                        Advice
                        The Advice segment provides quality financial advice that
                        is accessible, affordable and engaging for Australians. The
                        business helps clients navigate their way through a range
                        of financial services and solutions and educates clients
                        to improve their financial wellbeing.




                        70 | Financial report
                                                                 Platforms               Asset                   Advice             Corporate                Total*
                                                                                      Management
                                                               2024        2023        2024       2023        2024        2023     2024      2023         2024        2023
                                                                $m          $m          $m         $m          $m          $m       $m        $m           $m          $m
                            Management and service          1,120.2     1,110.4       221.9      232.5       522.1        556.6      0.2          –     1,864.4    1,899.5
                            fees revenue
                            Other revenue                       15.7       14.7            –        2.6         4.6         5.0    13.1         1.1       33.4         23.4
                            Share of profits                       –           –       10.5         9.4         0.2            –       –          –       10.7          9.4
                            of associates
                            Service fees and other            (126.7)    (137.5)      (70.1)      (55.5)    (321.2)     (357.1)      2.3        (2.5)    (515.7)    (552.6)
                            direct costs
                            Inter-segment revenue                  –         5.7       47.7        40.4           –         0.1        –          –       47.7         46.2
                            Inter-segment expenses             (47.7)      (40.5)          –       (5.7)          –            –       –          –       (47.7)      (46.2)
                            Net revenue from                  961.5       952.8      210.0       223.7       205.7      204.6      15.6         (1.4)   1,392.8    1,379.7




For personal use only
                            continuing operations
                            Operating expenses                (622.3)    (606.2)     (118.6)     (120.9)    (202.6)     (240.5)    (68.0)    (68.1) (1,011.5) (1,035.7)
                            Finance income                      21.6       14.9         0.9         0.4         1.2         0.7      9.3        6.0       33.0         22.0
                            Finance costs                       (3.3)        (2.2)      (0.8)      (0.8)       (1.2)       (1.6)   (58.0)    (49.6)       (63.3)      (54.2)
                            Share-based payments                (2.1)        (1.9)      (0.6)      (0.4)       (0.8)       (0.9)    (0.4)       (0.7)      (3.9)       (3.9)
                            expense
                            Depreciation of property           (23.8)      (14.6)       (3.7)      (4.0)       (9.5)      (11.3)    (4.8)    (11.4)       (41.8)      (41.3)
                            & equipment
                            Amortisation of intangible          (2.3)        (2.1)      (0.1)         –           –            –    (0.2)       (0.5)      (2.6)       (2.6)
                            assets
                            Impairment expenses                    –         (2.0)         –       (0.1)          –        (0.5)       –        (0.9)         –        (3.5)
                            Income tax (expense)/              (98.8)    (105.4)      (23.0)      (25.0)        3.1        15.4    32.6      45.0         (86.1)      (70.0)
                            benefit
                            Non-controlling interests              –           –           –          –           –         0.2        –          –           –         0.2
                            UNPAT from continuing             230.5       233.3        64.1        72.9        (4.1)      (33.9)   (73.9)    (81.6)      216.6        190.7
                            operations
                            UNPAT from discontinued                –         4.2           –          –           –            –       –          –           –         4.2
                            operations
                            UNPAT for the year                230.5       237.5        64.1        72.9        (4.1)      (33.9)   (73.9)    (81.6)      216.6        194.9
                            UNPAT adjustments from
                            continuing operations:
                            Transformation and                (174.5)    (115.4)      (29.1)      (19.4)      (11.4)        1.1    (42.7)    (28.1)      (257.7)    (161.8)
                            separation costs
                            Remediation costs                  (73.9)        (1.0)         –          –     (167.6)       (18.1)     9.1          –      (232.4)      (19.1)
                            Penalties                          (10.7)          –           –          –           –            –       –          –       (10.7)          –
                            Amortisation of acquired           (44.8)      (47.9)       (8.5)      (8.3)      (21.6)      (22.8)    (1.2)       (1.2)     (76.1)      (80.2)
                            intangibles
                            Gains/(losses) on financial          4.2         1.9           –          –        (0.1)           –     9.9        1.7       14.0          3.6
                            instruments
                            Income tax attributable             84.0       43.8        11.2         8.1       58.4         11.2      7.4        8.1      161.0         71.2
                            UNPAT adjustments from            (215.7)    (118.6)      (26.4)      (19.6)    (142.3)       (28.6)   (17.5)    (19.5)      (401.9)    (186.3)
                            continuing operations
                            Non-controlling interests              –           –           –          –           –        (0.2)       –          –           –        (0.2)
                            UNPAT adjustment relating              –       42.8            –          –           –            –       –          –           –        42.8
                            to discontinued operations
                            Profit/(loss) for the year          14.8      161.7        37.7        53.3     (146.4)       (62.7)   (91.4)   (101.1)      (185.3)       51.2

                        *     Revenue and expenses relating to the statutory funds are presented in Note 30 Statutory funds.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report | 71
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        3 Revenue
                                                                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                                                                            $m             $m
                         Management and service fees revenue
                         Management and administration fees                                                                             1,199.4        1,214.3
                         Financial planning revenue                                                                                       482.1          512.3
                         Other management and service fees revenue                                                                        182.9          172.9
                         Management and service fees revenue                                                                            1,864.4        1,899.5
                         Finance income
                         Interest income on financial assets measured at fair value                                                         9.9            7.6
                         Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost                                                    23.1           14.4
                         Finance income                                                                                                    33.0           22.0




For personal use only
                         Other revenue
                         Net fair value gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                 10.7            3.6
                         Net gain on disposal of assets                                                                                    12.8            2.5
                         Dividends and distributions income                                                                                 0.3            0.4
                         Sundry income                                                                                                     20.3           20.4
                         Other revenue                                                                                                     44.1           26.9
                         Total revenue                                                                                                  1,941.5        1,948.4


                        Accounting policies                                                        Finance income
                        Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified                   Finance income includes interest income earned on fixed
                        in a contract with a customer. The Group recognises                        income investments measured at fair value and interest
                        revenue when it transfers control over a good or service                   income recognised using the effective interest method
                        to a customer.                                                             on cash and cash equivalents.

                        Management and service fees revenue                                        Dividends and distribution income
                        The Group provides management services to unit trusts                      Dividends and distribution income is recognised in profit
                        and funds operated by the Group at normal commercial                       or loss on the date that the Group’s right to receive payment
                        rates. Management and service fees earned from the                         is established, which in the case of quoted securities is the
                        unit trusts and funds are calculated based on an agreed                    ex-dividend date.
                        percentage of the respective funds under management
                                                                                                   Sundry income
                        or administration as disclosed in the respective product
                        disclosure statements and are recognised as performance                    Sundry income includes conference income and various
                        obligations are satisfied over time.                                       expenses recoveries under service agreements.

                        Revenue from the provision of financial planning services
                        together with revenue from the rendering of services
                        are recognised as performance obligations are satisfied
                        over time.




                        72 | Financial report
                        4 Expenses
                                                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                                                       $m                $m

                         Service fees expense                                                                                        448.1            501.0
                         Other direct costs                                                                                           67.6             51.6
                         Service fees and other direct costs                                                                         515.7            552.6
                         Salaries and related employee expenses (excluding superannuation)                                           648.5            657.1
                         Employee defined contribution superannuation expense                                                         60.4             55.0
                         Share-based payments expense                                                                                   3.9              3.9
                         Salaries and related employee expenses                                                                      712.8            716.0
                         Information technology costs                                                                                154.6            152.8
                         Information technology costs                                                                                154.6            152.8




For personal use only
                         Transformation and separation costs                                                                         257.7            161.8
                         Transformation and separation costs                                                                         257.7            161.8
                         Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                            78.7             82.8
                         Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                       41.8             41.3
                         Amortisation and depreciation expenses                                                                      120.5            124.1
                         Office support and administration                                                                            58.3             66.0
                         Professional fees                                                                                            52.4             58.0
                         Occupancy related expenses                                                                                   15.5             14.8
                         Marketing                                                                                                    11.7             19.0
                         Travel and entertainment                                                                                       5.6              7.0
                         Administrative expenses                                                                                     143.5            164.8
                         Remediation costs                                                                                           232.4             19.1
                         Remediation costs                                                                                           232.4             19.1
                         Legal settlement and penalties                                                                               10.7               1.5
                         Other                                                                                                          4.6              4.7
                         Other expenses                                                                                               15.3               6.2
                         Total expenses                                                                                            2,152.5          1,897.4

                        Accounting policies                                                  Short-term employee benefits
                        Service fees and other direct costs                                  Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured
                        Service fees and other direct costs include amounts paid to          on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related
                        advisers, dealer groups and other suppliers in the course of         service is provided.
                        operating the products and services of the Group. Examples           Short-term incentive plans
                        of direct costs include custodian fees, audit services and
                                                                                             A provision for employee benefits in the form of an incentive
                        the printing and mailing of client statements and other
                                                                                             plan is recognised when there is no realistic alternative
                        communications. The expenses are recognised at the fair
                                                                                             but to settle the liability and at least one of the following
                        value of the consideration paid or payable for the goods
                                                                                             conditions is met:
                        or services received.
                                                                                             • there are formal terms in the plan for determining
                        Salaries and related employee expenses                                  the amount of the benefit;
                        These expenses include salaries, wages, superannuation,              • the amounts to be paid are determined before the
                        bonuses, overtime, allowances, annual leave, long service               time of completion of the financial report; or
                        leave and share-based payment expenses.
                                                                                             • past practice gives clear evidence of the amount
                                                                                                of the obligation.




                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 73
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Annual and long service leave benefits                           Information technology expenses
                        The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee      Information technology costs are expensed as they are
                        benefits is the amount of future benefit that employees          incurred, with the exception of costs relating to licenses
                        have earned in return for their service in the current and       and right of use, including Software as a Service (SaaS)
                        prior years plus related on-costs.                               arrangements.

                        Liabilities for long-term benefits that are expected to be       SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the
                        settled beyond 12 months are discounted using rates              Group with the right to access a cloud provider’s application
                        attaching to high quality corporate bonds which most             software over the contract period. The Group does not have
                        closely match the terms of maturity of the related liabilities   control over the software nor can it restrict others’ access
                        at balance date.                                                 to the benefits. Where configuration and customisation
                                                                                         costs are not distinct from the underlying use of the SaaS
                        In determining the liability for employee entitlements,
                                                                                         application software, they are capitalised as a prepayment
                        consideration is given to future increases in wage and salary
                                                                                         and expensed over the term of the SaaS contract.
                        rates, experience with employee departures and years




For personal use only
                                                                                         All other costs are expensed through the Statement
                        of service.
                                                                                         of comprehensive income.
                        Employee defined contribution plan expense
                                                                                         Transformation and separation costs
                        A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit
                                                                                         Transformation and separation costs include expenses
                        plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into
                                                                                         associated with platform simplification, separation of the
                        a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive
                                                                                         MLC and ANZ P&I businesses, MLC Wrap migration and
                        obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for
                                                                                         the transition to the Advice Services partnership model.
                        contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised
                                                                                         These expenses include salaries and related employee
                        in profit or loss in the years during which services are
                                                                                         expenses, information technology costs, professional fees,
                        rendered by employees. Prepaid contributions are
                                                                                         office support and administration costs directly related
                        recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund
                                                                                         to these activities.
                        or a reduction in future payments is available.
                                                                                         Amortisation of intangible assets
                        Share-based payments expense
                                                                                         Amortisation is recognised in the profit or loss over
                        The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards
                                                                                         the estimated useful lives of intangible assets unless
                        granted to employees is recognised as a share-based
                                                                                         such lives are judged to be indefinite. Refer to Note 12
                        payment expense with a corresponding increase in the
                                                                                         Intangibles assets.
                        share-based payments reserve over the period that the
                        employees unconditionally become entitled to the awards.         Professional fees
                        The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to               Professional fees include fees paid to professionals for legal,
                        reflect the number of awards for which the related service       consulting, research, audit and other services.
                        and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be             Occupancy related expenses
                        met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an
                                                                                         Occupancy related expenses include rent on short-term
                        expense is based on the number of awards that meet the
                                                                                         leases and utilities on the Group’s office buildings.
                        related service and non-market performance conditions
                        at vesting date.                                                 Remediation costs
                        Termination payments                                             Remediation costs relate to customer compensation
                                                                                         payments and program costs to complete work on the
                        Termination benefits or redundancy costs are recognised
                                                                                         Group’s various structured remediation programs.
                        in profit or loss when the Group is demonstrably committed
                                                                                         Payments to clients are recorded directly against the
                        to a formal detailed plan without possibility of withdrawal,
                                                                                         provision. It includes recovery of any costs.
                        or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer
                        made to encourage voluntary redundancy.




                        74 | Financial report
                        5 Income taxes
                        Income tax benefit
                                                                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                                                                          $m               $m
                            Current tax
                            Current year tax benefit                                                                                    (29.4)           (23.9)
                            Adjustment for prior years                                                                                   (8.6)             1.4
                            Current tax benefit (excluding statutory funds)*                                                            (38.0)           (22.5)
                            Deferred tax
                            Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                           (37.2)           21.6
                            Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the deferred tax of prior years                     0.2             (0.6)
                            Deferred tax (benefit)/expenses (excluding statutory funds)*                                                (37.0)           21.0




For personal use only
                            Income tax benefit (excluding statutory funds)*                                                             (75.0)            (1.5)

                        *     Income tax expenses relating to the statutory funds are presented in Note 30 Statutory funds.


                        Reconciliation of effective tax rate
                                                                                                                               2024                      2023
                                                                                                                         %       $m        %               $m

                            (Loss)/profit before tax and statutory funds from continuing                                      (260.3)                      2.7
                            operations
                            Income tax (benefit)/expense using domestic tax rate                                      30.0     (78.1)   30.0               0.8
                            Tax effect of:
                             Non-deductible expenses from statutory funds                                                        0.2                       0.8
                             (Non-assessable income)/non-deductible expenses                                                     3.6                      (2.7)
                             Impairment of investments                                                                             –                       1.1
                             Non-assessable income from the share of profits of associates                                      (3.2)                     (1.4)
                             Assessable associate dividends                                                                      1.3                       1.5
                             Net taxable gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                        5.8                         –
                             Imputation and foreign tax credits                                                                 (0.7)                     (1.0)
                             Under/(over) provided in prior periods                                                             (8.4)                      0.7
                             Other                                                                                               4.5                      (1.3)
                            Income tax benefit (excluding statutory funds)*                                           28.8     (75.0)   (55.6)            (1.5)

                        *     Income tax expenses relating to the statutory funds are presented in Note 30 Statutory funds.




                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 75
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income
                                                                                                      2024                             2023
                                                                             Gross       Tax     Net of tax    Gross      Tax     Net of tax
                                                                               $m        $m             $m       $m       $m             $m
                         Financial assets measured at fair value                 (0.3)   0.1           (0.2)    (0.7)      0.2          (0.5)
                         through OCI
                         Remeasurement of defined benefit                        3.1     (0.9)         2.2       1.5      (0.4)         1.1
                         asset
                         Exchange differences on translating                     (0.2)   0.1           (0.1)     1.3      (0.4)         0.9
                         foreign operations
                         Income tax recognised in other                          2.6     (0.7)         1.9       2.1      (0.6)         1.5
                         comprehensive income

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                                                           $m           $m
                         Deferred tax assets from temporary differences
                         Employee entitlements                                                                           62.0          59.2
                         Provisions and accruals                                                                         68.8          52.2
                         Carry forward capital and revenue losses                                                        36.0          13.8
                         Lease liability                                                                                 41.0          46.3
                         Unrealised losses                                                                                 0.7            –
                         Other                                                                                           10.3          11.5
                         Deferred tax assets as at 30 June before set-off                                               218.8         183.0
                         Set-off of deferred taxes                                                                      (211.2)      (183.0)
                         Net deferred tax assets as at 30 June                                                             7.6            –
                         Deferred tax liabilities from temporary differences
                         Unrealised gains                                                                                  7.4          7.2
                         Intangible assets                                                                              162.1         180.9
                         Property and equipment                                                                          35.5          40.3
                         Other                                                                                             6.2          5.7
                         Deferred tax liabilities as at 30 June before set-off                                          211.2         234.1
                         Set-off of deferred taxes                                                                      (211.2)      (183.0)
                         Net deferred tax liabilities as at 30 June                                                          –         51.1

                        Reconciliation of deferred tax movements
                                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                                                           $m           $m
                         Net deferred tax liabilities at the beginning of the year                                       (51.1)       (21.4)
                         Charged to profit and loss                                                                      37.2         (23.0)
                         Temporary differences directly attributable to equity                                            (0.7)         (0.6)
                         Reclassification of tax losses                                                                  22.2             –
                         Acquisitions and disposals                                                                          –          1.4
                         Charged to profit and loss – statutory funds*                                                       –          (9.5)
                         Reclassification to held for sale                                                                   –          2.0
                         Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) at the end of the year                                      7.6        (51.1)

                        *Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.




                        76 | Financial report
                        Unrecognised deferred tax assets                                      Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected
                                                                                              to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                              based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively
                                                                     $m                 $m    enacted by the reporting date.
                         Tax losses                                    –                5.3
                                                                                              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is
                         Potential tax benefit at the                  –                1.6   a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and
                         Australian tax rate of 30%
                                                                                              liabilities and when deferred tax balances relate to the same
                        Accounting policies                                                   taxation authority.

                        Income tax                                                            Tax consolidation
                        Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Current                Insignia Financial Ltd and its wholly owned Australian
                        and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except              resident entities are part of a tax-consolidated group under
                        to the extent that it relates to a business combination,              Australian taxation law. As a consequence, all members
                        or items recognised directly in equity or in other                    of the tax-consolidated group are taxed as a single entity.




For personal use only
                        comprehensive income.

                        Current tax
                        Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on
                        the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted
                        or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any
                        adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
                        Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

                        Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain
                        criteria are met.

                        Deferred tax
                        Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary
                        differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                        and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
                        amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
                        recognised for:
                        • taxable temporary differences arising on the initial
                           recognition of goodwill;
                        • temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets
                           or liabilities in a transaction that
                           – is not a business combination;
                           – affects neither accounting nor taxable profit
                              or loss; and
                           – does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                              temporary differences; and

                        • temporary differences related to investments in
                           subsidiaries and associates to the extent that the
                           Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
                           temporary differences and it is probable that they will not
                           reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 77
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        6 Dividends
                        Dividends
                                                                                              Cents per            Total      Date of payment          Franking
                                                                                                 share

                         2024                                                                                       $m
                         Interim 2024 ordinary dividend                                             9.3            62.0           3 April 2024   Not franked
                         Final 2023 ordinary dividend                                               9.3            61.6       3 October 2023     Not franked
                         2023
                         Interim 2023 ordinary dividend                                             9.3            61.2           3 April 2023   50% franked
                         Interim 2023 special dividend                                              1.2             7.9           3 April 2023   50% franked
                         Final 2022 ordinary dividend                                              11.8            77.2    29 September 2022     Fully franked




For personal use only
                        Dividend amounts shown are inclusive of any dividends paid on treasury shares. The total dividends declared relating
                        to earnings for the year ended 30 June 2024 amounted to 9.3 cents per share (2023: 19.8 cents per share).

                        In order to enhance balance sheet flexibility, accelerate cost reduction and strategic growth opportunities and finalise
                        remediation, the Board has decided to pause dividends. No final 2024 dividend has been declared.

                        This prudent decision, in view of the macro environment outlook, will strengthen the capital structure of the Company
                        and accelerate deleveraging. There is no change to the Company’s long-term dividend target of paying 60-90% of UNPAT.

                        Dividend franking account
                         As at                                                                                                    30 June 2024   30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                          $m                $m
                         Amount of franking credits available to shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd for subsequent                      –               5.2
                         financial years

                        The ability to utilise the franking credits is dependent upon there being sufficient available profits to declare dividends.
                        Future franking credits will be generated when the Group reinstates PAYG instalments to the ATO.

                        Dividend reinvestment plan
                        The Company operates a dividend reinvestment plan (DRP) which allows eligible shareholders to elect to re-invest part or
                        all of their dividend into additional shares in the Company.

                         Dividends                                   Issue date     Number of         DRP issue      DRP value       Discount          DRP take
                                                                                  shares issued           price                                         up rate
                                                                                                               $            $m
                         Interim 2024 dividends                    5 April 2024       4,099,390           2.3993            9.8          1.5%            16.1%
                         Final 2023 dividends                 10 October 2023         4,028,511           2.4170            9.7          1.5%            16.0%
                         Interim 2023 dividends                   12 April 2023       4,179,545           2.8020           11.7          1.5%            17.2%




                        78 | Financial report
                        7 Earnings per share (EPS)
                                                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                                                         Cents per       Cents per
                                                                                                                                            share           share
                         Basic earnings per share
                         From continuing operations                                                                                           (27.9)            0.7
                         From discontinued operations                                                                                             –             7.2
                         Total basic earnings per share                                                                                       (27.9)            7.9
                         Diluted earnings per share
                         From continuing operations                                                                                           (27.9)            0.7
                         From discontinued operations                                                                                             –             7.2
                         Total diluted earnings per share                                                                                     (27.9)            7.9




For personal use only
                        Basic and diluted earnings per share
                                                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                                                                $m              $m
                         (Loss)/Profit attributable to the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd                                           (185.3)            51.4
                         Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS                                                          (185.3)            51.4
                         Profit from discontinued operations                                                                                      –            47.0
                         Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS from continuing operations                               (185.3)             4.4


                                                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                                                             No. m           No. m
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic)                                                                  664.5            656.9
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)                                                                664.5            656.9

                        Accounting policies                                                         Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting
                        The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share                     the basic earnings per share for the effects of all dilutive
                        for its ordinary shares. Basic earnings per share is calculated             potential ordinary shares. At 30 June 2024, the Company
                        by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary                     does not have any dilutive potential ordinary shares
                        shareholders of the Company by the weighted average                         (2023: nil).
                        number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.                      At 30 June 2024, there were no options outstanding
                                                                                                    (2023: nil).




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report | 79
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                        Section 3 – Assets and liabilities

                              This section shows the assets used to generate the Group’s trading performance and the
                              liabilities incurred as a result. Liabilities relating to the Group’s financing activities are
                              addressed in Section 4.

                        8 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                       2024           2023
                                                                                                                                         $m                $m
                            Cash – corporate                                                                                          308.7          399.5
                            Cash – restricted as part of the ORFR*                                                                    113.0          106.1
                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 421.7          505.6




For personal use only
                        *     Held as part of the ORFR on behalf of superannuation funds.

                        Cash includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with
                        original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash.

                        Restricted ORFR cash relates to cash held as part of the operating risk financial requirement (ORFR) on behalf of the
                        superannuation funds. The ORFR is not available for distribution to the shareholders of the Company.

                        Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities
                                                                                                                                       2024           2023
                                                                                                                                         $m                $m
                            Loss/(profit) after tax for the year                                                                     (185.3)              51.2
                            Adjustments for non-cash items
                             Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                    41.8               41.8
                             Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                         78.7               83.4
                             Impairment of other non-current assets                                                                        –               3.5
                             Fair value gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit and loss                            (10.7)             (3.6)
                             Net gain on divestment of discontinued operations                                                             –          (66.6)
                             Net gain on divestment of assets                                                                          (12.8)             (2.5)
                             Net loss on divestment of assets                                                                            0.3               0.2
                             Interest and other finance costs                                                                          60.0               54.2
                             Interest received and receivable                                                                          (33.0)         (22.1)
                             Dividends and distributions received and receivable                                                        (0.3)             (0.4)
                             Dividends received from associates                                                                          9.8              11.3
                             Share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity method                                      (10.7)             (9.4)
                             Bad and doubtful debts                                                                                      0.4               0.5
                             Share-based payments expense                                                                                3.9               3.9
                            Changes in net operating assets and liabilities:
                             (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                                        18.8          334.7
                             (Increase)/decrease in current tax asset                                                                  33.1               22.8
                             (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets                                                             17.5           (56.0)
                             (Increase)/decrease in other assets                                                                        (4.2)             (9.4)
                             Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                                           (10.7)        (246.4)
                             Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                         62.6          (180.9)
                             Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities                                                        (43.5)              8.0
                             Increase/(decrease) in deferred taxes                                                                     (69.0)             18.1
                            Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities                                                        (53.3)             36.3

                        80 | Financial report
                        9 Receivables                                                     Expected credit losses are measured in a way that reflects:

                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                          • an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                                                                                                determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes;
                                                                 $m               $m
                                                                                          • the time value of money; and
                         Receivables
                                                                                          • reasonable and supportable information that is available
                         Trade receivables                     135.2         107.2
                                                                                                without undue cost or effort at the reporting date about
                         Other receivables                     142.1         171.2
                                                                                                past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
                         Loss allowance                         (8.0)             (9.7)         economic conditions.
                         Total receivables                    269.3          268.7
                                                                                          The maximum period considered when estimating expected
                         Current                               267.5         265.6        credit losses is the maximum contractual period over which
                         Non-current                             1.8              3.1     the Group is exposed to the credit risk.
                         Total receivables                    269.3          268.7        When the Group has no reasonable expectations of
                                                                                          recovering a receivable in its entirety or a portion thereof,




For personal use only
                        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for
                                                                                          the gross carrying amount of the receivable is reduced
                        services performed in the ordinary course of business.
                                                                                          directly. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously
                        Other receivables include accrued income and other
                                                                                          written off are credited against previously recognised
                        receivables arising from transactions outside the usual
                                                                                          impairment losses.
                        operating activities of the Group.
                                                                                          10 Other financial assets
                        Receivables are initially measured at the transaction
                        price. The Group holds the receivables with the objective         Other financial assets include financial assets
                        of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore            measured at fair value through profit or loss and
                        measures these receivables subsequently at amortised              financial assets measured at fair value through other
                        cost using the effective interest method.                         comprehensive income.

                        Expected credit losses                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                                                                              $m               $m
                         Movements in loss allowance           2024           2023
                                                                 $m               $m          Financial assets mandatorily
                                                                                              measured at fair value
                         Carrying value at 1 July                9.7              9.4         through profit or loss
                         Provision (reversed)/made              (1.7)             0.3         Fixed income*                                198.1             278.5
                         Carrying value at 30 June               8.0              9.7         Derivative assets**                             0.6              0.4
                                                                                              Unlisted unit trusts                            0.7              1.2
                         Ageing of trade receivables           2024           2023            Other unlisted investments                      2.7              0.1
                         as at 30 June
                                                                                              Financial assets designated
                                                                 $m               $m          at fair value through profit
                         Neither past due nor impaired         132.6           98.3           or loss

                         31–60 days past due                     1.0              3.1         Deferred sales consideration                    2.4                   –

                         61–90 days past due                     1.0              2.6         Financial assets designated
                                                                                              at fair value through other
                         91–120 days past due                    0.6              3.2         comprehensive income
                         Total trade receivables              135.2          107.2            Equity investments                                –              2.1
                                                                                              Total other financial assets                 204.5            282.3
                        The Group recognises loss allowances for expected
                                                                                              Current                                       64.8              87.3
                        credit losses on financial assets measured at amortised
                        cost. Loss allowances are measured at an amount                       Non-current                                  139.7             195.0
                        equal to lifetime expected credit losses for trade and                Total other financial assets                 204.5            282.3
                        other receivables as these receivables do not contain
                                                                                          *     Held as part of the ORFR on behalf of superannuation funds.
                        a significant financing component.
                                                                                                The ORFR is not available for distribution to shareholders of the
                                                                                                Company.
                                                                                          ** Includes $0.3m (2023:$0.4m) derivative assets held as part of the
                                                                                             ORFR.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 81
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair                       11 Property and equipment
                        value through profit or loss
                                                                                                                                      2024           2023
                        Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through
                                                                                                                                       $m              $m
                        profit or loss (FVTPL) include derivative assets (futures,
                                                                                             Cost                                    286.6          329.2
                        interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards),
                        investments in fixed income securities, investments                  Accumulated depreciation               (177.5)         (183.2)
                        in unlisted unit trusts and other unlisted investments.                                                      109.1          146.0

                        A financial asset is classified as FVTPL if the associated cash     Recognition and measurement
                        flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.
                                                                                            Property and equipment are measured at cost less any
                        Upon initial recognition, attributable transaction costs are
                                                                                            accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
                        recognised in profit or loss when incurred. Subsequent fair
                                                                                            losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable
                        value changes are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                                            to the acquisition of the asset.
                        Financial assets designated at fair value through




For personal use only
                                                                                            The gain or loss on divestment of an item of property and
                        profit or loss
                                                                                            equipment is determined by comparing the proceeds from
                        Financial assets designated at FVPTL are deferred sales             the divestment with the carrying amount of the property
                        consideration associated with businesses divested. The              and equipment and is recognised in profit or loss.
                        value of these receivables rises and falls depending on
                        performance hurdles in relation to the businesses sold              Subsequent costs
                        over the deferral period. Performance hurdles are specific          Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying
                        to each agreement and may include revenue targets, gross            amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
                        margin targets, funds under management, funds under                 only when it is probable that future economic benefits
                        administration, funds under advice or customer retentions.          associated with the item will flow to the Group.

                        Financial assets designated at fair value through                   Repairs and maintenance costs are recognised in profit
                        other comprehensive income                                          or loss as incurred.
                        Financial assets designated at fair value through other             Depreciation
                        comprehensive income (FVOCI) are equity securities
                                                                                            Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line
                        designated as such upon initial recognition. These are
                                                                                            basis over the estimated useful lives of each component
                        recognised initially at fair value plus any directly attributable
                                                                                            of an item of property and equipment. Leased assets are
                        transaction costs and are revalued through other
                                                                                            depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their
                        comprehensive income (OCI) at each reporting date.
                                                                                            useful lives unless it is reasonably certain the Group will
                        Offsetting assets and liabilities                                   obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.
                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount      Items of property and equipment are depreciated from the
                        presented in the statement of financial position when, and          date they are installed and are ready for use or, in relation
                        only when, the Group has a legal right to offset the amounts        to internally constructed assets, from the date the asset
                        and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise the       is completed and ready for use.
                        asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
                                                                                            The estimated useful lives are:
                                                                                            • office equipment and IT assets: 3–10 years; and
                                                                                            • leasehold improvements and right-of-use assets:
                                                                                               3–10 years.

                                                                                            Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are
                                                                                            reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.




                        82 | Financial report
                                                                        Office       Leasehold          IT assets      Land and     Right-of-use            Total
                                                                    equipment         improve-                         buildings          assets
                                                                                        ments
                                                                           $m               $m               $m              $m              $m               $m
                         Balance at 1 July 2022                            2.7              7.4             32.9             1.6          163.5             208.1
                         Additions                                         2.0              1.1              2.3               –             7.0             12.4
                         Reduction under sublease                            –                –                 –              –            (1.6)             (1.6)
                         Early lease incentive received                      –                –                 –              –           (25.0)           (25.0)
                         Depreciation expense                              (0.9)           (1.5)            (12.3)             –           (30.7)           (45.4)
                         Impairment                                          –                –                 –              –            (0.9)             (0.9)
                         Reclassification to held for sale                   –                –                 –           (1.6)              –              (1.6)
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                           3.8              7.0             22.9               –          112.3             146.0
                         Additions                                         0.5              0.2              2.3               –           10.6              13.6




For personal use only
                         Early lease incentive received                      –                –                 –              –            (3.2)             (3.2)
                         Depreciation expense                              (1.0)           (1.5)            (11.4)             –           (32.0)           (45.9)
                         Disposals                                           –                –              (0.4)             –            (1.0)             (1.4)
                         Balance at 30 June 2024                           3.3              5.7             13.4               –           86.7             109.1


                        12 Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                                                                             $m               $m
                         Cost                                                                                                            3,251.1          3,333.8
                         Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                                          (826.3)          (830.4)
                                                                                                                                         2,424.8         2,503.4


                                                                      Goodwill        Software         Customer          Brand            Other             Total
                                                                                         and IT     relationships        names       intangibles
                                                                                   development
                                                                           $m               $m               $m              $m              $m               $m
                         Carrying value at 1 July 2022                 1,804.5            53.7             558.7          168.9            20.9           2,606.7
                         Additions                                           –              5.7                 –              –             2.2              7.9
                         Impairment                                          –                –              (0.5)          (1.7)           (0.4)             (2.6)
                         Amortisation expense                                –            (18.5)            (60.6)          (0.8)           (2.9)           (82.8)
                         Amortisation expense – discontinued                 –                –                 –              –            (1.1)             (1.1)
                         Reclassification to held for sale               (24.7)               –                 –              –               –            (24.7)
                         Carrying value at 30 June 2023                1,779.8            40.9             497.6          166.4            18.7          2,503.4
                         Additions                                           –              0.1                 –              –               –              0.1
                         Amortisation expense                                –            (15.8)            (59.6)          (0.4)           (2.9)           (78.7)
                         Carrying value at 30 June 2024                1,779.8            25.2             438.0          166.0            15.8          2,424.8

                        Amortisation                                                              The estimated useful lives are:
                        Amortisation is charged to the profit or loss over the                    • brand names with finite lives: 20 years;
                        estimated useful lives of intangible assets unless such lives             • software and IT development: 2.5–10 years;
                        are judged to be indefinite. Indefinite life assets are not
                                                                                                  • other intangibles: 5–10 years; and
                        amortised but are tested for impairment at each reporting
                        date. Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual
                                                                                                  • customer relationships: 10–20 years.
                        values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted
                        if appropriate.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 83
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Accounting policies                                                 Brand names with indefinite lives
                        Intangible assets are non-physical assets used by the                                                        2024           2023
                        Group to generate revenues and profits. These assets
                                                                                                                                      $m                $m
                        include goodwill from business combinations, brand names,
                                                                                             MLC                                     98.0           98.0
                        software, customer and adviser relationships. The cost
                        of these assets is the amount that the Group has paid or,            Shadforth                               51.0           51.0
                        where there has been a business combination, the fair value          Plum                                    14.6           14.6
                        of the specific intangible assets that could be sold separately                                             163.6          163.6
                        or that arise from legal rights.
                                                                                            In designating brand names as having indefinite lives,
                        The value of intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill
                                                                                            consideration was given to the length of time the brand
                        and brand names with indefinite useful lives, reduces over
                                                                                            names have been in existence. It was determined that
                        the period the Group expects to use the asset. The values
                                                                                            there is no foreseeable limit to the years over which the
                        and useful lives ascribed are reflective of arms-length
                                                                                            brand names are expected to generate net cash inflows




For personal use only
                        transactions and independent expert advice thereon.
                                                                                            for the Group.
                        Subsequent expenditure
                                                                                            Impairment testing for cash-generating units
                        Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when
                                                                                            The carrying amount of cash-generating units (CGUs)
                        it increases the future economic benefits embodied
                                                                                            is tested for impairment annually or when there is an
                        in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure,
                                                                                            indication of impairment. The Group uses a value in use
                        including expenditure on brands, is recognised in profit
                                                                                            approach in estimating the recoverable amount of each
                        or loss as incurred.
                                                                                            CGU. For the purposes of impairment testing, intangible
                        Indefinite life intangible assets                                   assets are allocated to the Group’s CGUs: Platforms CGU,
                        The indefinite life intangible assets include goodwill and          Advice CGU and Asset Management CGU. These represent
                        three brand names with indefinite lives.                            the lowest level within the Group at which the assets are
                                                                                            monitored for internal management purposes. Each CGU
                                                           Goodwill      Brand names        is not higher than the Group’s operating segments as
                                                                        with indefinite
                                                                                  lives     reported in Note 2 Operating segments.
                         CGUs                      2024       2023      2024      2023      Determination of the recoverable amount of the CGUs
                                                     $m         $m       $m          $m     requires the application of significant judgement when
                         Platforms              1,449.7     1,449.7    125.8     125.8      making assumptions about the future cash flows of each
                                                                                            CGU, discount rates and terminal growth rate:
                         Advice                        –         –       7.7         7.7
                         Asset Management         330.1      330.1      30.1       30.1
                                                                                            • Estimated future cash flows are based on the three-year
                                                                                               business plan approved by the Board of Directors and
                                                1,779.8     1,779.8   163.6    163.6
                                                                                               an estimated long-term growth rate for years 4 and 5.
                                                                                               In developing cash flows over the forecasting period,
                        Goodwill
                                                                                               the current economic conditions, the current and
                        Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially
                                                                                               expected performance of each CGU and macroeconomic
                        measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost less
                                                                                               conditions were considered.
                        accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill represents the
                        future economic benefits that arise from assets that are
                                                                                            • Annualised average growth rates for the five-year period
                                                                                               are 17.9% for the Platforms CGU (2023: 19%), 6.3% for
                        not capable of being individually identified and separately
                                                                                               the Advice CGU (2023: 29.9%) and 9.2% for the Asset
                        recognised. Its cost is the amount the Group has paid in
                                                                                               Management CGU (2023: 19.8%).
                        acquiring a business over and above the fair value of the
                        individual assets and liabilities acquired.




                        84 | Financial report
                        • Pre-tax discount rates as follows:                             14 Other financial liabilities
                            Pre-tax discount rate               2024           2023                                                2024            2023
                            CGUs                                  %                 %                                               $m              $m
                            Platforms                           14.4           13.3       Financial liabilities measured
                                                                                          at fair value through profit
                            Advice                              15.8           13.6
                                                                                          or loss
                            Asset Management                    14.5           13.3
                                                                                          Derivative liabilities                   12.2            20.0

                        • A terminal growth rate of 2.5% (2023: 2.5%) is used to          Deferred purchase                           –             0.1
                                                                                          consideration
                          derive a terminal value for the period beyond five years.
                                                                                          Total other financial liabilities        12.2            20.1
                        The impairment assessment results in headroom in the
                                                                                          Current                                   0.5             0.8
                        Platforms, Advice and Asset Management CGUs.
                                                                                          Non-current                              11.7            19.3
                        CGU impairment sensitivity analysis                                                                        12.2            20.1




For personal use only
                        There is no reasonably possible change to a key assumption
                        that would cause the recoverable amount of any CGU to fall       Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL include:
                        short of the carrying amount.                                    • interest rate and foreign exchange rate derivative
                                                                                            contracts;
                        13 Payables
                                                                                         • issued investment protection derivatives;
                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                         • a compound embedded derivative; and
                                                                 $m                $m
                                                                                         • deferred purchase considerations.
                         Payables
                                                                                         Issued investment protection derivatives are term-based
                         Trade and other payables              171.9         195.8
                                                                                         investment protection products issued by the Group. These
                         Total payables                        171.9         195.8
                                                                                         products provide protection to investors over the investors’
                         Current                               171.8         195.2       capital or a minimum level of income each year for a term
                         Non-current                             0.1               0.6   of 10 or 20 years.
                                                               171.9         195.8       The embedded derivative is associated with the
                                                                                         Subordinated Loan Notes issued by the Group. The host
                                                                                         contract is measured at amortised cost and is included
                                                                                         in Note 18 Borrowings.

                                                                                         Deferred purchase considerations are liabilities associated
                                                                                         with past acquisitions. The value of these liabilities rises and
                                                                                         falls depending on performance hurdles achieved during
                                                                                         the deferral period specific to each agreement. Performance
                                                                                         hurdles may include revenue targets, gross margin targets,
                                                                                         funds under management, funds under administration,
                                                                                         funds under advice and retention requirements.




                                                                                                                                     Financial report | 85
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        15 Leases                                                        Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the
                                                                                         effective interest method. It is remeasured:
                        Amounts recognised in profit or loss
                                                                                         • when there is a change in future lease payments arising
                                                                2024           2023
                                                                                            from a change in an index or rate;
                                                                 $m               $m
                                                                                         • if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will
                         Interest expense on lease               5.8              6.2       exercise a purchase, extension or termination option;
                         liabilities
                                                                                         • if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the
                         Depreciation expenses on               32.0           30.7
                         right-of-use assets                                                amount expected to be payable under a residual value
                                                                                            guarantee; or
                         Rental expenses (included in            0.9              1.4
                         occupancy related expenses)                                     • if there is a revised in-substance fixed lease payment.

                        Short-term leases                                                When the lease liabilities are remeasured, a corresponding
                                                                                         adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the related
                        The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets
                                                                                         right-of-use asset or is recorded in profit or loss if the




For personal use only
                        and lease liabilities for short-term leases. The Group
                                                                                         carrying amount of the right-to-use asset has been
                        recognises the lease payments associated with these leases
                                                                                         reduced to zero.
                        as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
                                                                                         16 Provisions
                        Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                2024           2023
                                                                                                                                    $m             $m
                                                                 $m               $m
                                                                                          Employee entitlements                  207.6           203.0
                         Lease liabilities
                                                                                          Advice remediation                     141.4            69.4
                         Opening balance 1 July                161.8          189.4
                                                                                          Product remediation                     72.3            80.5
                         Lease liabilities recognised           10.6              7.2
                                                                                          Other provisions                          6.2           12.3
                         Lease liabilities derecognised          (1.0)               –
                                                                                          Total provisions                       427.5           365.2
                         Payments made                          (38.5)         (41.0)
                                                                                          Current                                360.1           331.3
                         Interest charged                        5.8              6.2
                                                                                          Non-current                             67.4            33.9
                         Closing balance 30 June               138.7          161.8
                                                                                                                                 427.5           365.2
                         Current                                29.7           30.9
                         Non-current                           109.0          130.9      Accounting policies
                                                               138.7          161.8      A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the
                                                                                         Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can
                        The Group leases properties for office spaces and advice
                                                                                         be estimated reliably and it is probable that an outflow of
                        offices. At the lease commencement date, the Group
                                                                                         economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
                        recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.
                                                                                         Employee entitlements
                        The right-of-use assets are initially measured at cost
                        and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated               Provision for employee benefits includes provisions for leave
                        depreciation and impairment losses. Cost includes the            benefits, incentive plans and restructures.
                        initial corresponding lease liabilities, lease payments          A provision for restructuring is recognised when the
                        made at or before the commencement day and any initial           Group has approved a detailed and formal restructuring
                        direct costs. Right-of-use assets are presented in Note 11       plan and the restructuring has either commenced or
                        Property and equipment.                                          been announced publicly. Future operating losses are
                        Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present          not provided for.
                        value of the lease payments that are not paid at the             A provision for an incentive plan is recognised when there
                        commencement date, discounted using the Group’s                  is no realistic alternative but to settle the liability, and
                        incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing            at least one of the following conditions is met:
                        rate is determined with reference to the:
                                                                                         • there are formal terms in the plan for determining
                        • length of the lease;                                              the amount of the benefit;
                        • lessee-specific credit risk; and                               • the amounts to be paid are determined before the time
                        • secured borrowings adjustment.                                    of completion of the financial report; or
                                                                                         • past practice gives clear evidence of the amount
                                                                                            of the obligation.


                        86 | Financial report
                        Liabilities for incentives are expected to be settled within               Product remediation provision
                        12 months and are measured at the amounts expected                         Product remediation provision includes remediation
                        to be paid when they are settled.                                          projects acquired as part of historic acquisitions. Product
                        Advice remediation provision                                               remediation provisions are reduced by client remediation
                                                                                                   payments and program costs paid.
                        In 2019, the Group engaged an expert consultant to
                        design the review methodology and estimate financial                       Other provisions
                        compensation relating to client remediation. This was                      Other provisions have been made for the present value
                        in response to ASIC’s investigation as part of its Wealth                  of management’s best estimates of legal settlements and
                        Management Project, conducting investigations into                         other matters. The information usually required by AASB
                        financial advice fees paid pursuant to ongoing service                     137 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets,
                        arrangements.                                                              is not disclosed on the grounds that it can be expected
                        While the Group was not issued a notice under this review,                 to prejudice the outcome of certain other litigation.
                        the Group has a significant number of self-employed and
                                                                                                   Estimation uncertainty




For personal use only
                        salaried financial advisers and is voluntarily undertaking
                                                                                                   Determining the amount of a provision, which represents
                        its own review. The review determines whether fee-paying
                                                                                                   management’s best estimate of the costs of settling the
                        clients under its licences were:
                                                                                                   identified matters, requires the exercise of significant
                        • provided with agreed services and/or advice;                             judgement. It will often be necessary to form a view
                        • supported with documentation evidencing appropriate                      on a number of different assumptions, including the
                           provision of service and/or advice; and                                 number of impacted clients, the average refund per
                        • received advice appropriate to their circumstances.                      client, and associated remediation costs. Consequently,
                                                                                                   the appropriateness of the underlying assumptions is
                        Where client compensation is probable and able to be
                                                                                                   reviewed on a regular basis against actual experience and
                        reliably estimated, provisions are raised. Compensation
                                                                                                   other relevant evidence, and adjustments are made to the
                        costs include return of service fees, estimated client
                                                                                                   provisions where appropriate.
                        loss as a result of inappropriate advice, interest for time
                        value of money and committed costs to resource the
                        compensation program. The provision is reduced by
                        client remediation payments and program costs paid.

                                                                                       Employee          Advice         Product            Other             Total
                                                                                    entitlements     remediation     remediation       provisions
                                                                                             $m                $m             $m              $m               $m
                         Balance at 1 July 2022                                           195.5             196.4           148.2             5.6           545.7
                         Provisions made/(reversed)                                       102.6              26.3            (22.2)          10.7           117.4
                         Provisions utilised                                               (95.1)          (153.3)           (45.5)           (4.0)         (297.9)
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                          203.0              69.4            80.5            12.3           365.2
                         Provisions made                                                   61.6             175.7            93.9             3.8           335.0
                         Provisions utilised                                               (57.0)          (103.7)         (102.1)            (9.9)         (272.7)
                         Balance at 30 June 2024                                          207.6             141.4            72.3             6.2           427.5




                                                                                                                                                Financial report | 87
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                        Section 4 – Capital management and financing

                           This section outlines how the Group manages its capital structure and related financing costs,
                           including its balance sheet liquidity and access to capital markets. When managing capital, the
                           Group’s objectives are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, to provide returns
                           to shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders, and to maintain an optimal structure
                           to reduce the cost of capital.


                        17 Capital management                                              • capital requirements for the Australian Prudential
                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure,                 Regulation Authority (APRA) regulated Registrable
                        the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid                     Superannuation Entities Licensees (RSELs). Specifically,
                        to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, buy                  the following ORFR capital requirements apply:




For personal use only
                        back its shares on market, issue new shares, sell assets,                                           30 June 2024    30 June 2023
                        or otherwise adjust debt levels.
                                                                                                                                      $m                $m
                        The Group monitors capital on the basis of investment                  Capital requirements
                        capital, working capital and regulatory capital.                       on ORFR
                                                                                               ORFR target                         479.5             476.4
                        Investment capital
                                                                                               ORFR held by the RSELs              311.3             385.3
                        Investment capital is the Group’s capital that is not required
                        for regulatory and working capital requirements of the                 ORFR held by funds                  176.5             102.8
                        business. The investment capital is invested in:                       ORFR margin                            8.3              11.7

                        • bank deposits and debt notes; and
                                                                                           • capital requirements for AFS licences;
                        • unit trusts operated by the Group as seed capital.
                                                                                           • capital requirements for risks relating to the issued
                        The investment capital is available to support the organic            investment protection products; and
                        development of new businesses and products and to
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024    30 June 2023
                        respond to investment and growth opportunities such as
                                                                                                                                      $m                $m
                        acquisitions, as they arise. Seed capital is primarily available
                        to support the business in establishing new products.                  Capital requirements
                                                                                               on issued investment
                        Working capital                                                        protection products

                        Working capital is the capital that is required to meet the            Regulatory capital                     7.8               9.2
                                                                                               requirement
                        day-to-day operations of the business.
                                                                                               Cash available to meet the           24.1               21.7
                        Regulatory capital                                                     capital requirement
                        Regulatory capital is the capital which the Group holds                Cash surplus                         16.3               12.5
                        to meet minimum legislative and regulatory requirements
                                                                                           • capital adequacy requirements imposed by the Life
                        in respect of its issued investment protection products
                                                                                              Insurance Act 1995 in relation to the statutory funds.
                        and Australian financial services (AFS) licensed operations.
                                                                                              These requirements ceased on 31 October 2023
                        During the year, the Group has complied with all externally
                                                                                              following the divestment of IOOF Ltd.
                        imposed capital requirements.
                                                                                           Regular monitoring of regulatory requirements ensures
                        A number of the Group’s subsidiaries are subject to
                                                                                           sufficient capital is available and appropriate planning
                        externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. The
                                                                                           is made to retain target surpluses to reduce the risk
                        Board of each operational subsidiary manages its own
                                                                                           of breaching regulatory capital requirements.
                        capital required to support planned business growth
                        and meet regulatory requirements. These include:




                        88 | Financial report
                        Insignia Financial Ltd is primarily the provider of equity          The syndicated facility agreements are in place as a
                        capital to its subsidiaries. Such investment is funded by           safeguard against a temporary need for funds and to
                        Insignia Financial Ltd’s own investment capital, through            provide a short-term funding facility that allows the business
                        capital issues, profit retention and, in some instances,            to take advantage of acquisition opportunities as they arise.
                        debt. Subsidiary capital generated in excess of planned             The weighted average cost of capital is regularly monitored.
                        requirements is returned to Insignia Financial Ltd, usually         Funding decisions take into consideration the cost of debt
                        by way of dividends.                                                versus the cost of equity with emphasis on the outcome
                                                                                            that is best for shareholder interests.

                        18 Borrowings
                        This note provides information about the contractual terms of the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities, which are measured
                        at amortised cost. Borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.

                                                                                                                                    2024             2023




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                      $m               $m
                         Syndicated Facility Agreements (SFAs)                                                                     584.7             586.0
                         Subordinated Loan Notes (SLNs)                                                                            194.1             189.6
                         Total borrowings                                                                                          778.8             775.6
                         Non-current                                                                                               778.8             775.6
                                                                                                                                   778.8             775.6


                                                                                                                     SFAs           SLNs             Total
                                                                                                                       $m             $m               $m
                         Opening balance 1 July 2022                                                                589.3          182.0             771.3
                         Drawdowns                                                                                  788.3               –            788.3
                         Borrowing costs                                                                              (5.9)             –             (5.9)
                         Repayments (principal and interest)                                                        (819.7)          (2.0)         (821.7)
                         Interest expense                                                                            34.0             9.6             43.6
                         Closing balance 30 June 2023                                                               586.0          189.6             775.6
                         Drawdowns                                                                                  161.0               –            161.0
                         Revaluation gain from changes in assumptions                                                    –           (3.3)            (3.3)
                         Repayments (principal and interest)                                                        (206.6)          (2.0)         (208.6)
                         Interest expense                                                                            44.3             9.8             54.1
                         Closing balance 30 June 2024                                                               584.7          194.1             778.8




                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 89
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Syndicated facility agreement (SFA)                                Key terms are:
                        The SFA is a multi-tranche facility with a group of lenders.       • 1% per annum coupon payable semi-annually. After
                        During the year, the maturity dates of the facility have been         30 November 2024, the holder can request the Company
                        extended by 18 months for all tranches. At 30 June 2024,              to redeem the notes prior to maturity at the redemption
                        the SFA facility had a debt duration profile of approximately         price calculated below. The Company can choose not to
                        3.2 years (calculated on a facility limit basis) (30 June 2023:       redeem upon receipt of the request in which case the
                        2.7 years).                                                           coupon rate will step up to 4% until maturity.

                        The SFA comprises of the following tranches:                       • Equity-linked redemption linked to any uplift in the
                                                                                              Company’s share price over a reference price. The
                        • a $340m tranche A facility maturing 16 February 2027.
                                                                                              reference price is calculated as the initial offer price plus
                           During the year, the Group made $23.0m (2023:
                                                                                              15% premium and adjusted for subsequent dividends
                           $340m) drawdown under this tranche and made
                                                                                              and share issuance. The reference price at 30 June 2024
                           a principal repayment of $23.0m (2023: $23.0m).
                                                                                              is $3.55 (2023: $3.85).
                           As at 30 June 2024, $23.0m of this tranche was
                                                                                           • Matures 31 May 2026 with multiple early




For personal use only
                           available (30 June 2023: $23.0m);
                                                                                              redemption options:
                        • a $290m tranche B facility maturing 16 February 2028.
                           During the year, the Group made $138.0m (2023:                     – ­The Group is permitted to accelerate redemption
                           $153.3m) drawdown under this tranche and repaid                       if the volume-weighted average price is at least
                           $138.0m (2023: $153.3m). At 30 June 2024, $290.0m                     150% of the reference price or in case of certain
                           of this tranche was available (30 June 2023: $290.0m);                tax changes.

                        • a $270m tranche C facility maturing 16 February 2028.               – The holder is permitted to accelerate redemption
                           During the year, the Group did not drawdown under this                from 30 November 2024, subject to issuer consent
                           tranche (2023: $270.0m). As at 30 June 2024, this tranche             or upon a change in control.
                           was fully utilised (2023: fully utilised); and                  Reconciliation of movements in liabilities to cash
                        • a $55m tranche D facility maturing 16 February 2027.             flows from financing activities
                           As at 30 June 2024, $5.3m (2023: $12.0m) of this tranche
                                                                                                                                               Borrowings
                           was available. Utilisation of this facility is in the form
                                                                                                                                      2024            2023
                           of guarantees included in Note 21 Commitments and
                           contingencies.                                                                                              $m              $m

                                                                                            Opening balance 1 July                   775.6           771.3
                        Subordinated loan notes (SLNs)
                                                                                            Changes from financing
                        SLNs are unsecured subordinated debt obligations issued             cash flows
                        by the Group as part of the MLC acquisition in May 2021.
                                                                                            Repayment of borrowings                 (161.0)         (791.3)
                        For financial reporting purposes, these SLNs contain                (principal)
                        a host contract and an embedded derivative liability.
                                                                                            Interest paid                            (47.6)           (30.4)
                        The host contract and the embedded derivative are
                                                                                            Drawdowns                                161.0           782.4
                        recognised separately.
                                                                                            Total changes from financing             (47.6)          (39.3)
                        The host contract is initially recognised at fair value             cash flows
                        and subsequently measured at amortised cost. As at                  Other changes
                        30 June 2024, the carrying amount of the host contract
                                                                                            Revaluation gain from changes              (3.3)              –
                        is $194.1m (2023: $189.6m). The host contract will accrete          in assumptions
                        to the face value of the notes ($200.0m) using the effective        Interest accrued                          54.1            43.6
                        interest rate by redemption date. During the year the
                                                                                            Closing balance 30 June                  778.8           775.6
                        Group recognised a revaluation gain of $3.3m (2023:
                        nil) following a change in assumptions supporting early
                        redemption options.

                        The embedded derivative is measured at fair value and is
                        included in other financial liabilities. As at 30 June 2024, the
                        embedded derivative has a fair value of $2.9m (2023: $9.4m).




                        90 | Financial report
                        19 Share capital
                        The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares. All issued shares are fully paid. The
                        holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share
                        at meetings of the Company. All shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

                                                                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                                                                           $m                $m
                         670,726,143 fully paid ordinary shares (2023: 662,598,242)                                                    3,062.3          3,043.3
                         2,798,292 treasury shares (2023: 1,979,317)                                                                       (8.3)            (7.2)
                                                                                                                                       3,054.0         3,036.1


                                                                                                                          2024                              2023
                                                                                                          No. m             $m           No. m               $m




For personal use only
                         Ordinary shares
                         On issue at 1 July                                                               662.6         3,043.3          653.9          3,017.2
                         Issue of shares pursuant to dividend reinvestment plan                              8.1           19.6            8.7              26.2
                         Transfer from employee equity-settled benefits reserve on exercise of                –             0.6              –               1.2
                         performance rights
                         Treasury shares transferred to recipients during the year                            –             (1.2)            –              (1.3)
                         Ordinary shares on issue at 30 June                                              670.7         3,062.3          662.6          3,043.3
                         Treasury shares
                         On issue at 1 July                                                                 (2.0)           (7.2)          (0.6)            (3.6)
                         Purchase of treasury shares                                                        (1.0)           (2.3)          (1.6)            (4.9)
                         Treasury shares transferred to recipients during the year                           0.2            1.2            0.2               1.3
                         Treasury shares on issue at 30 June                                                (2.8)           (8.3)          (2.0)            (7.2)
                                                                                                          667.9         3,054.0          660.6         3,036.1

                        Ordinary shares                                                          20 Reserves
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs                                                       2024              2023
                        directly attributable to the issue of new shares and share
                                                                                                                                           $m                $m
                        options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of any
                                                                                                  Equity investment revaluation              –               1.5
                        tax effects.
                                                                                                  reserve
                        Treasury shares                                                           Business combinations reserve              –              (0.3)
                        Shares in the Company that are purchased on-market by the                 Foreign currency translation             0.8               0.9
                        IOOF Equity Plans Trust are classified as treasury shares                 reserve
                        and are deducted from share capital. The IOOF Equity                      Share-based payments reserve             5.5               2.5
                        Plans Trust is controlled by the Group and is therefore
                                                                                                  Reserve                                  6.3               4.6
                        consolidated. Dividends received on treasury shares are
                        eliminated on consolidation.
                                                                                                 Equity investment revaluation reserve
                        Dividend reinvestment plan                                               Equity investment revaluation reserve comprises the
                        The Company operates a DRP that allows eligible                          cumulative net change in fair value of equity securities
                        shareholders to elect to re-invest part or all of their                  measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                        dividend into additional shares in the Company. Refer                    income. During the year the Group sold all of these
                        to Note 6 Dividends for details.                                         investments and transferred the cumulative fair value
                                                                                                 changes in accumulated losses.

                                                                                                 Business combinations reserve
                                                                                                 Business combinations reserve reflects historic acquisitions
                                                                                                 of non-controlling interests.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report | 91
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Foreign currency translation reserve                              • a class action against NULIS and MLC Nominees Pty
                        Foreign currency translation reserve comprises foreign               Ltd (MLC Nominees) in the Victorian Supreme Court
                        currency differences arising from the translation of the             in relation to alleged breaches of trustee obligations
                        financial statements of the Group’s foreign operations.              regarding the timing of transfers of accrued default
                                                                                             amounts to the MySuper product; and
                        Share-based payments reserve
                                                                                          • an action by the Finance Sector Union against NAB and
                        The share-based payments reserve arises on the grant of              MLC Wealth Limited (MLCW) in the Federal Court alleging
                        performance rights and share options to employees under              the defendants breached provisions of the Fair Work Act
                        the employee share plan. Amounts are transferred out of              in respect of four ‘group 3’ and ‘group 4’ employees (3
                        the reserve and into issued capital when the shares are              NAB employees and 1 MLCW employee).
                        transferred to employees.
                                                                                          While NULIS and MLC Nominees were acquired from
                        21 Commitments and contingencies                                  National Australia Bank Ltd (NAB) on 31 May 2021, subject
                        Commitments                                                       to terms, NAB remains liable for, and retains conduct
                                                                                          of, the second and third of those class actions outlined




For personal use only
                                                                 2024            2023
                                                                                          above pursuant to the terms agreed between NAB and
                                                                   $m              $m     the Company.
                         Guarantees and
                         commitments                                                      During the year, the Federal Court of Australia ruled in
                                                                                          favour of the Company in the matter of McFarlane as
                         Rental bond guarantees                   44.8           39.4
                                                                                          Trustee for the S McFarlane Super Fund v Insignia Financial,
                         AFSL guarantee                            6.0             6.0
                                                                                          a shareholder class action being run by Shine lawyers. The
                         Capital commitment                        2.6             5.1    judge dismissed the applicant’s claim.
                         Other guarantees                          0.1             0.1
                                                                                          Based on current information available the Group does not
                                                                 53.5            50.6     consider that the outcome of any other current proceedings,
                                                                                          either individually or in aggregate, is likely to materially affect
                        Contingent assets
                                                                                          its operations or financial position.
                        Contingent assets of the Group exist in relation to insurance
                        recoveries and/or possible claims which at the date of            MLC Wealth completion accounts
                        signing these accounts, have not yet been resolved. It is not     An independent expert has been jointly appointed by
                        practicable to estimate the financial effects of the contingent   the Group and NAB to finalise the MLC Wealth completion
                        assets. Receivables are recognised in respect of identified       accounts process. The independent expert determination
                        claims only when recovery is considered virtually certain.        will be binding on both parties and will result in the
                                                                                          calculation of the final net asset price adjustment between
                        Contingent liabilities
                                                                                          the parties for the MLC Wealth acquisition in May 2021.
                        Contingent liabilities of the Group exist in relation to claims
                                                                                          Based on current information available, the final
                        and/or possible claims which, at the date of signing these
                                                                                          determination and any potential financial outcome remains
                        accounts, have not been resolved. The likely loss to the
                                                                                          uncertain. It is expected that the completion accounts
                        Group in respect of each identified claim has been assessed
                                                                                          process will be completed in the first half of FY25.
                        on a claim-by-claim basis and specific provision has been
                        made where appropriate.                                           Warranties on business sold
                        Class actions and potential regulatory actions                    Standard warranties apply to businesses divested by the
                                                                                          Group. No specific provisions have been made in relation
                        The Group is defending the following matters:
                                                                                          to these warranties.
                        • a class action against OnePath Custodians Pty Limited
                           (OPC) (and two companies outside the Group) in                 Other remediation matters
                           the Federal Court in relation to alleged breaches of           There are a number of remediation matters under
                           trustee obligations regarding the investment of cash           investigation. The potential outcomes and total costs
                           investment option funds and the charging of fees               associated with these matters remain uncertain.
                           relating to commissions;
                        • a class action against NULIS Nominees (Australia)
                           Limited (NULIS) in the Federal Court in relation to alleged
                           breaches of trustee obligations in deciding to grandfather
                           commissions;




                        92 | Financial report
                        Section 5 – Financial risk                                      Impact of macroeconomic conditions
                        management                                                      In preparing the financial report, the Group has considered
                                                                                        the ongoing impact of macroeconomic conditions in
                        The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial
                                                                                        its adoption of significant assumptions and market
                        and non-financial risks. Financial risks include:
                                                                                        inputs used in:
                        • market risks (including interest rate risk, currency          • valuing the Group’s financial instruments; and
                           risk and other price risk);
                                                                                        • preparing disclosures for the fair value of financial assets
                        • credit risk; and                                                 and liabilities and financial risk management.
                        • liquidity risk.
                                                                                        The Group’s management and services fee revenue is
                        The nature of the financial risk exposures arising from         directly driven by the Group’s FUMA balance at any given
                        financial instruments, the objectives, policies and processes   point of time. Market movements along with net flows
                        for managing these risks and the methods used to measure        are a significant contributor to FUMA and are therefore
                        them are detailed in this section.                              impacted by current and future macroeconomic conditions.




For personal use only
                        Exposures to material non-financial risks are discussed         The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments may
                        in detail in the Operating and financial review section         be impacted by a variety of factors arising from changed
                        of the Directors’ Report.                                       business conditions as a result of geopolitical tensions
                                                                                        and other macroeconomic conditions. The Group has
                        22 Financial risk management
                                                                                        reviewed the appropriateness of inputs to the valuation
                        Risk management framework                                       of financial instruments and the disclosures for the fair
                        Risk is defined as the chance of an event occurring that        value of financial instruments.
                        will have an impact on the strategic or business objectives
                                                                                        Non-financial risks emerging from global inflation
                        of the Group, including a failure to realise opportunities.
                                                                                        hikes, tightening monetary policies, global geopolitical
                        The Group’s risk management process involves the
                                                                                        tensions have been identified, assessed, managed and
                        identification of material risks, assessment of consequence
                                                                                        governed through timely application of the Group’s risk
                        and likelihood, implementation of mitigants to manage
                                                                                        management policies.
                        risks, and continuous monitoring and improvement
                        of the procedures in place.                                     Management continues to monitor the impact of global
                                                                                        economic uncertainty to the business environment
                        The Group’s objective is to satisfactorily manage its risks
                                                                                        including ongoing assessment of market risk, credit risk
                        in line with the Group’s Risk Management Policy set by the
                                                                                        and liquidity risk associated with the business.
                        Board, and this aligns with International Standard ISO 31000.
                        The Group’s risk management framework manages the risks         Market risk
                        faced by the Group, with approaches varying depending on
                                                                                        Interest rate risk
                        the nature of the risk, through the risk management policies,
                                                                                        Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash
                        Risk Management Strategy, Risk Appetite Statement, and
                                                                                        flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
                        tolerances set, approved, and monitored by the Board.
                                                                                        changes in market interest rates. The financial instruments
                        The Group maintains a framework to ensure regulatory
                                                                                        held that are impacted by interest rate risk consist of
                        compliance obligations are managed. The Group’s exposure
                                                                                        interest-bearing financial assets measured mandatorily
                        to all material risks is monitored by Risk Management and
                                                                                        at fair value through profit or loss.
                        this exposure, and emerging risks, are regularly reported
                        to the Risk and Compliance Committee and the Board.             Sensitivity analysis interest rate risk
                        The Group’s income and operating cash flows are indirectly      For interest-bearing financial assets measured at fair value
                        impacted by changing market conditions through the impact       through profit or loss, a +/- 100 basis points (2023: 100 basis
                        of market changes on the level of funds under management        points) change in the interest rate at the reporting date
                        and administration and, consequently, management fee and        would have decreased/increased post tax profit by $1.7m
                        service fee revenue. Information has been provided below        (2023: $2.0m), with all other variables held constant. Equity
                        on the direct impact of changing market conditions on the       would have been lower/higher by the same amount.
                        Group’s income and operating cash flows only.                   Currency risk
                                                                                        The Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk in
                                                                                        relation to the financial instruments of its foreign activities
                                                                                        is immaterial.




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 93
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Credit risk                                                                    In relation to management fees receivable, the Group is
                        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will fail to                contractually entitled to deduct such fees from investors’
                        meet its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss                   account balances in accordance with the Product Disclosure
                        to the Group. Credit risk arises for the Group from cash,                      Statements and pass the fees to the Responsible Entity or
                        receivables and financial assets measured at FVTPL.                            Trustee. Due to this pass-through process the embedded
                                                                                                       credit risk is considered minimal. Other receivables are
                        The Group mitigates its credit risk by ensuring cash deposits                  regularly monitored by management.
                        are held with high credit quality financial institutions and
                        other highly liquid investments are held with trusts operated                  The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting
                        by the Group.                                                                  date is the carrying value of the financial assets. The Group
                                                                                                       does not hold any significant collateral as security over
                        Receivables consist of management fees receivable, service                     its receivables and loans.
                        fees receivable and other amounts receivable. These
                        counterparties generally do not have an independent credit
                        rating, and the Group assesses the debtor’s credit quality




For personal use only
                        considering its financial position, past experience with
                        the debtor and other available credit risk information.


                        The Group measures concentration of credit risk using Standard & Poor’s credit ratings or equivalents:

                                                                              AAA         AA+ to AA-          A+ to A-   BBB+ to BBB-      Not rated           Total
                         30 June 2024                                          $m                $m                $m             $m             $m              $m
                         Cash and cash equivalents                               –            414.5                7.2              –              –          421.7
                         Receivables                                             –                –                  –              –          269.3          269.3
                         Other financial assets
                          Fixed income                                        14.5             51.9             101.7            30.0              –          198.1
                          Derivatives assets                                   0.3               0.3                 –              –              –             0.6
                          Unlisted unit trusts                                   –                –                  –              –            0.7             0.7
                          Other unlisted investment                              –                –                  –              –            2.7             2.7
                          Deferred sales consideration                           –                –                  –              –            2.4             2.4
                         Total financial assets                               14.8            466.7             108.9            30.0          275.1          895.5
                         30 June 2023                                          $m                $m                $m             $m             $m              $m
                         Cash and cash equivalents                               –            501.1                4.5              –              –          505.6
                         Receivables                                             –                –                  –              –          268.7          268.7
                         Other financial assets
                          Fixed income                                        30.5             71.7             113.2            63.1              –          278.5
                          Derivatives assets                                   0.4                –                  –              –              –             0.4
                          Unlisted unit trusts                                   –                –                  –              –            1.2             1.2
                          Other unlisted investment                              –                –                  –              –            0.1             0.1
                          Equity investment measured at FVOCI                    –                –                  –              –            2.1             2.1
                         Total financial assets                               30.9            572.8             117.7            63.1          272.1        1,056.6




                        94 | Financial report
                        Maturities of financial liabilities
                        The following table analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining years
                        at the balance date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed therein are the contractual undiscounted cash
                        flows excluding interests.

                                                                                                                 Contractual cash flows
                                                                                                  Less than      1–5 years        5+ year              Total
                                                                                                     1 year
                         30 June 2024                                                                   $m             $m             $m                 $m
                         Payables
                          Trade and other payables                                                   171.8             0.1                –            171.9
                         Total payables                                                              171.8             0.1                –            171.9
                         Other financial liabilities




For personal use only
                          Derivative liabilities                                                        0.5            3.5            8.2               12.2
                         Total other financial liabilities                                              0.5            3.5            8.2               12.2
                         Leasing liabilities                                                           34.4           83.5           38.4              156.3
                         Total leasing liabilities                                                     34.4           83.5           38.4              156.3
                         Borrowings                                                                       –         787.0                 –            787.0
                         Total borrowings                                                                 –         787.0                 –            787.0
                         Total cashflows for financial liabilities                                   206.7          874.1            46.6            1,127.4
                         30 June 2023                                                                   $m             $m             $m                 $m
                         Payables
                          Trade and other payables                                                   195.2             0.6                –            195.8
                         Total payables                                                              195.2             0.6                –            195.8
                         Other financial liabilities
                          Deferred purchase consideration                                               0.1              –                –              0.1
                          Derivative liabilities                                                        0.7           10.9            8.4               20.0
                         Total other financial liabilities                                              0.8           10.9            8.4               20.1
                         Leasing liabilities                                                           35.8           95.4           53.4              184.6
                         Total leasing liabilities                                                     35.8           95.4           53.4              184.6
                         Borrowings                                                                       –         787.0                 –            787.0
                         Total borrowings                                                                 –         787.0                 –            787.0
                         Total cashflows for financial liabilities                                   231.8          893.9            61.8           1,187.5

                        Liquidity risk                                                      In addition, the Group had access to the following bank
                        Liquidity risk relates to the Group having insufficient liquid      borrowing facilities at 30 June 2024:
                        assets to cover current liabilities and unforeseen expenses.        • $313.0m facilities available under the SFA (2023:
                        The Group maintains a prudent approach to managing                     $313.0m). The terms of these facilities are described
                        liquidity risk exposure by maintaining sufficient liquid assets        in Note 18 Borrowings; and
                        and an ability to access a committed line of credit. It is          • $55.0m (2023: $55.0m) contingent liability facility of which
                        managed by continuously monitoring actual and forecast                 $49.7m was used (30 June 2023: $43m).
                        cash flows and by matching the maturity profiles of financial
                        assets and liabilities. Temporary surplus funds are invested
                        in highly liquid, low risk financial assets.

                        The liquidity requirements for licensed entities in the
                        Group are regularly reviewed and carefully monitored
                        in accordance with those licence requirements. The Group
                        continuously monitors actual and forecast financial results
                        to determine compliance with banking covenants.




                                                                                                                                          Financial report | 95
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Other price risk                                                   Fair value of the compound embedded derivative contained
                        Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future earnings      in the SLNs at Note 18 Borrowings is determined using
                        of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes        a Monte-Carlo simulation to simulate different scenarios
                        in market prices (other than those from interest rate risk         of the underlying equity prices.
                        or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by             For investments in fixed income and derivatives where no
                        factors specific to the individual financial instrument or its     quoted prices in an active market exist, valuation techniques
                        issuer or by factors affecting all similar financial instruments   using observable market inputs for financial assets with
                        traded in the market.                                              similar credit risk, maturity and yield characteristics
                        The Group’s exposure to other price risk is immaterial.            are used.

                                                                                           Units in unlisted trusts are measured at the redemption price.
                        23 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
                        The fair value of financial assets and liabilities traded in       Fair value hierarchy
                        active markets is based on quoted market prices at the             The fair values of financial assets and liabilities are equal
                        reporting date. The quoted market price used for financial         to the carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial




For personal use only
                        assets is the closing price. Where no quoted prices in an          position. The table below analyses financial instruments
                        active market exist, the Group uses valuation techniques           carried at fair value, by valuation method.
                        to estimate the fair value of financial assets and liabilities.

                                                                                                   Level 1        Level 2        Level 3          Total
                         30 June 2024                                                                 $m              $m             $m             $m
                         Financial assets measured at fair value
                         Fixed income                                                                   –          198.1               –          198.1
                         Derivative assets                                                            0.3             0.3              –            0.6
                         Unlisted unit trusts                                                           –             0.7              –            0.7
                         Other unlisted investment                                                      –             2.7              –            2.7
                         Deferred sales consideration                                                   –               –            2.4            2.4
                         Financial assets measured at fair value                                      0.3          201.8             2.4          204.5
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                         Derivative liabilities                                                         –           (11.7)          (0.5)         (12.2)
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value                                   –           (11.7)          (0.5)         (12.2)
                         30 June 2023                                                                 $m              $m             $m             $m
                         Financial assets measured at fair value
                         Fixed income                                                                   –          278.5               –          278.5
                         Derivative assets                                                            0.2             0.2              –            0.4
                         Unlisted unit trusts                                                           –             1.2              –            1.2
                         Other unlisted investment                                                      –             0.1              –            0.1
                         Fair value through other comprehensive income                                2.1               –              –            2.1
                         Financial assets measured at fair value                                      2.3          280.0               –          282.3
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                         Derivative liabilities                                                         –           (18.5)          (1.5)         (20.0)
                         Deferred purchase consideration                                                –               –           (0.1)           (0.1)
                         Financial liabilities measured at fair value                                   –           (18.5)          (1.6)         (20.1)




                        96 | Financial report
                        The definitions of each level and the valuation                               • Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based
                        techniques used are:                                                             on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
                        • Level 1: quoted closing prices (unadjusted) in active                       Transfers between levels
                           markets for identical assets or liabilities;
                                                                                                      There were no transfers between levels of the fair value
                        • Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level                  hierarchy during the year ended 30 June 2024 (2023: nil).
                           1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                           directly (i.e. prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
                           Fair values are derived from published market indices
                           and include adjustments to take account of the credit risk
                           of the Group entity and counterparty; and

                        Level 3 financial assets and liabilities

                         Reconciliation of movements in level 3              Deferred sales                  Deferred purchase               Issued investment




For personal use only
                         financial assets and liabilities                 consideration assets             consideration liabilities       protection derivatives
                                                                                                                                                  liabilities
                                                                              2024            2023              2024             2023           2024            2023
                                                                                  $m             $m               $m               $m            $m                 $m
                         Opening balance as at 1 July                              –              –              (0.1)            (1.3)          (1.5)           (6.5)
                         Recognised from businesses sold                          2.4             –                 –                  –           –                 –
                         Acquisition                                               –              –                 –             (0.1)            –                 –
                         Fair value movement                                       –              –                 –                  –         2.0                5.0
                         Settlement                                                –              –               0.1              1.3             –                 –
                         Closing balance as at 30 June                            2.4             –                 –             (0.1)          0.5             (1.5)


                        Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the following:                       • Issued investment protection derivatives are term-based
                        • Deferred sales consideration assets relate to the                              investment protection products issued by the Group.
                           businesses sold by the Group. It is valued at the best                        These products provide protection to investors’ capital or
                           estimate of amounts receivable under the relevant                             a minimum level of income each year for a term of 10 or
                           contracts. The amount of deferred consideration                               20 years. These derivatives are measured using market
                           receivable is linked to the funds under management                            standard valuation models and assumptions. Significant
                           of the sold businesses at a future date which is an                           unobservable inputs include the underlying investments’
                           unobservable input.                                                           growth rate and the risk-free interest rate assumptions.

                        • Deferred purchase consideration in respect of client lists                     A 1% increase (1% decrease) in the underlying
                           purchased by the Group, which is valued at best estimate                      investments’ growth rate assumption would result in
                           of the amount payable under the relevant contracts. The                       a decrease (increase) in fair value by $0.3m (2023: $0.3m),
                           amount of deferred consideration payable is linked to the                     holding all other variables constant. A 1% increase (1%
                           retention of clients, which is an unobservable input and                      decrease) in the risk-free interest rate assumption would
                           may decrease the value of the liability.                                      result in a decrease (increase) in fair value by $0.8m
                                                                                                         (2023: $1.0m), holding all other variables constant.




                                                                                                                                                  Financial report | 97
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                        Section 6 – Group structure                                        Parent entity contingent liabilities
                                                                                           Contingent liabilities of Insignia Financial Ltd exist in relation
                        24 Parent entity financials
                                                                                           to claims and/or possible claims which, at the date of signing
                        The parent entity of the Group is Insignia Financial Ltd.
                                                                                           these accounts, have not been resolved.

                                                                 2024               2023   An assessment of the likely loss to the Company and
                                                                   $m                $m    its controlled entities has been made in respect of the
                         Result of the parent entity                                       identified claims on a claim-by-claim basis, and specific
                                                                                           provision has been made where appropriate. Insignia
                         Profit for the year                      90.5          175.5
                                                                                           Financial Ltd does not consider that the outcome of
                         Total comprehensive income              90.5           175.5
                                                                                           any other current proceedings, either individually or in
                         Financial position                                                aggregate, is likely to materially affect its operations or
                         of parent entity
                                                                                           financial position. Refer to Note 21 Commitments and
                         Current assets                           13.9              45.8   contingencies for further information.
                         Total assets                         3,147.6         3,199.4




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                      2024            2023
                         Current liabilities                      16.4               6.5
                                                                                                                                        $m               $m
                         Total liabilities                      925.5           966.3
                                                                                            Guarantees and
                         Equity of the parent entity                                        commitments
                         Share capital                         3,062.3        3,043.3       Rental bond guarantees                      1.4              1.4
                         Share-based payments reserve              9.7               6.7    AFSL guarantee                              6.0              6.0
                         Common control reserve                 (965.4)        (965.4)      Other guarantee                             0.1              0.1
                         Retained earnings                      115.5           148.5
                         Total equity                         2,222.1         2,233.1




                        98 | Financial report
                        25 Subsidiaries
                        The following is a list of all subsidiaries in the Group.

                                                                           2024     2023                                                     2024   2023
                         Subsidiary name                          Place           % of     Subsidiary name                          Place           % of
                                                               incorpo-      ownership                                           incorpo-      ownership
                                                                  rated                                                             rated
                         Parent entity                                                     Holiday Coast Wealth Management Australia            – 100%
                                                                                           Pty Ltd
                         Insignia Financial Ltd                Australia
                                                                                           IFL Internal Audit Pty Ltd            Australia 100% 100%
                         Subsidiaries
                                                                                           Integrated Networks Pty Limited       Australia 100% 100%
                         A.C.N. 099 995 187 Pty Ltd.           Australia       – 100%
                                                                                           I.O.O.F. Investment Management        Australia 100% 100%
                         ACN 089 554 058 Pty Ltd               Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           Limited
                         Actuate Alliance Services Pty Ltd     Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           IOOF Alliances Pty Limited            Australia 100% 100%
                         Antares Capital Partners Ltd          Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           IOOF Equity Plans Trust               Australia 100% 100%




For personal use only
                         Australian Executor Trustees          Australia       – 100%
                                                                                           IOOF Finance Choice Pty Ltd           Australia 100% 100%
                         (Canberra) Pty Ltd
                                                                                           IOOF Group Pty Ltd                    Australia 100% 100%
                         Australian Wealth Management          Australia 100% 100%
                         Limited                                                           IOOF Holdings Pty Limited             Australia 100% 100%
                         Austselect Pty Ltd                    Australia 100% 100%         IOOF Insurance Brokers Pty Ltd        Australia 100% 100%
                         Bridges Financial Services Group      Australia 100% 100%         IOOF Investment Services Ltd          Australia 100% 100%
                         Pty Limited
                                                                                           IOOF Life Pty Ltd                     Australia 100% 100%
                         Bridges Financial Services            Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           IOOF Ltd (including its controlled    Australia      – 100%
                         Pty Limited
                                                                                           statutory funds)
                         Capricorn Financial Advisers Pty Ltd Australia        – 100%
                                                                                           IOOF New Zealand Limited              New         100% 100%
                         CM Darwin Pty Limited                 Australia       – 100%                                            Zealand
                         Consultum Financial Advisers          Australia 100% 100%         IOOF Service Co Pty Ltd               Australia 100% 100%
                         Pty Ltd
                                                                                           JK Rye Pty Limited                    Australia 100% 100%
                         Deakin Financial Services Pty Ltd     Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           KE Sunshine Coast Pty Limited         Australia 100% 100%
                         DKN Financial Group Pty Ltd           Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           Kiewa Street Planners Pty Limited     Australia 100% 100%
                         DKN Management Pty Ltd                Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           Lachlan Partners Corporate            Australia      – 100%
                         DKN Stakeholders Pty Ltd              Australia 100% 100%         Services Pty. Ltd.
                         Elders Financial Planning Pty Ltd     Australia       – 100%      Lachlan Wealth Management             Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           Pty Ltd
                         Financial Acuity Limited              Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           Lifetime Financial Advisers Pty Ltd   Australia 100% 100%
                         Financial Investment Network          Australia 100% 100%
                         Group Pty Limited                                                 Lifetime Mortgage Solutions Pty Ltd Australia 100% 100%
                         Financial Partnership Pty Ltd         Australia 100% 100%         Lonsdale Financial Group Limited      Australia 100% 100%
                         Financial Planning Hotline Pty        Australia 100% 100%         Managed Portfolio Services Limited Australia 100% 100%
                         Limited
                                                                                           Mercantile Mutual Financial           Australia      – 100%
                         Financial Services Partners           Australia 100% 100%         Services Pty Limited
                         Holdings Pty Limited
                                                                                           Millennium 3 Financial Services       Australia      – 100%
                         Financial Services Partners           Australia 100% 100%         Pty Ltd
                         Management Pty Limited
                                                                                           MLC Asset Management                  Australia 100% 100%
                         Financial Services Partners           Australia       – 100%      Holdings Limited
                         Management Trust
                                                                                           MLC Asset Management Pty Limited Australia 100% 100%
                         Financial Services Partners Pty       Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           MLC Asset Management                  Australia 100% 100%
                         Limited
                                                                                           Services Limited
                         FSP Group Pty Limited                 Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           MLC Asset Management                  UK          100% 100%
                         Financial Lifestyle Solutions Pty     Australia       – 100%      (UK) Limited
                         Limited
                                                                                           MLC Asset Management (UK)             UK          100% 100%
                         GGS Unit Trust                        Australia       – 100%      Real Estate Limited
                         Global One Alternative Investments Australia          – 100%      MLC Asset Management US LLC           US          100% 100%
                         Management Pty Ltd
                                                                                           MLC Investments Limited               Australia 100% 100%
                         Godfrey Pembroke Group Pty Ltd        Australia       – 100%
                                                                                           MLC Lifetime Company Limited          Australia 100% 100%
                         Greencrest Administration Pty Ltd     Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                           MLC Nominees Pty Ltd                  Australia 100% 100%



                                                                                                                                       Financial report | 99
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                                                                          2024   2023                                                     2024   2023
                         Subsidiary name                         Place           % of    Subsidiary name                         Place           % of
                                                              incorpo-      ownership                                         incorpo-      ownership
                                                                 rated                                                           rated
                         MLC Properties Pty. Limited          Australia 100% 100%        SMF Wealth Management Pty Ltd        Australia 100% 100%
                         MLC Wealth Holdings Limited          Australia 100% 100%        Snowball Capital Pty Ltd             Australia 100% 100%
                         MLC Wealth Limited                   Australia 100% 100%        Strategy Plus Financial              Australia      – 100%
                                                                                         Planning Pty Ltd
                         My Adviser Pty Ltd                   Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                         Tower Austrust Building Pty. Ltd.    Australia      – 100%
                         Navigator Australia Limited          Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                         Wealth Central Pty Ltd               Australia 100% 100%
                         National Asset Management            Australia      – 100%
                         Limited                                                         Wealth Managers Pty Ltd              Australia      – 100%
                         NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited Australia 100% 100%          Western Pacific Financial            Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                         Group Pty Ltd
                         NWMH Sub Ltd                         Australia 100% 100%
                         Oasis Asset Management Limited       Australia 100% 100%




For personal use only
                                                                                        Unconsolidated structured entities
                         Oasis Fund Management Limited        Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                        The Group has interests in various structured entities
                         OnePath Administration Pty Limited Australia 100% 100%         that are not consolidated. An ‘interest’ in an unconsolidated
                         OnePath Custodians Pty Limited       Australia 100% 100%       structured entity is any form of contractual or non-
                         OnePath Funds Management             Australia 100% 100%       contractual involvement which exposes the Group to
                         Limited                                                        variability of returns from the performance of that entity.
                         OnePath Investment Holdings          Australia 100% 100%       Such interests include holdings of seed capital for the
                         Pty Limited
                                                                                        purpose of supporting the establishment of new products.
                         Orchard St Investment                UK          100% 100%
                         Management LLP                                                 The Group has investments in managed investment funds
                         Orchard Street Investment            UK          100% 100%     through its asset management subsidiaries. Control of
                         Advisors Limited                                               these managed investment funds may exist since the Group
                         PFS Nominees Pty Ltd                 Australia 100% 100%       has power over the activities of the fund. However, these
                         Plan B Administration Pty Ltd        Australia 100% 100%       funds have not been consolidated because the Group is not
                                                                                        exposed to significant variability in returns from the funds.
                         Plan B Group Holdings Pty Limited    Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                        The Group earns management fees from the management
                         Plan B Superannuation Services       Australia      – 100%
                         Pty Ltd                                                        of these investment funds which are commensurate with
                                                                                        the services provided and are reported in management
                         Plan B Trustees Pty Ltd              Australia      – 100%
                                                                                        and service fees revenue in Note 3 Revenue. Management
                         Plan B Wealth Management Pty Ltd Australia          – 100%
                                                                                        fees are generally based on the value of the assets under
                         Questor Financial Services Pty Ltd   Australia      – 100%
                                                                                        management. Therefore, the fees earned are impacted
                         Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd             Australia 100%        –   by the composition of the assets under management and
                         Rhombus Advisory Investment          Australia 100%        –   fluctuations in financial markets.
                         Solutions Pty Ltd
                         RI Advice Group Pty Ltd              Australia 100% 100%       26 Associates
                         RI Dandenong Pty Ltd                 Australia      – 100%     Associates are those entities over which the Group has
                                                                                        significant influence, but not control, over the financial and
                         RI Parramatta Pty Limited            Australia      – 100%
                                                                                        operating policies.
                         RI Townsville Pty Ltd                Australia      – 100%
                         Select Managed Funds Pty Ltd         Australia 100% 100%       Intermede Investment Partners Limited (‘Intermede’) is an
                         Sentinel Adviser Services Pty Ltd    Australia 100% 100%       institutional global equity fund manager focused on global
                                                                                        equity strategy.
                         SFG Administration Pty Ltd           Australia      – 100%
                         SFG Australia Limited                Australia 100% 100%       Fairview Equity Partners Pty Ltd (‘Fairview’) is a boutique
                         SFG Spencers Pty Ltd                 Australia 100% 100%       Australian fund manager exclusively focused on investing
                                                                                        in Australian small companies’ equities.
                         Shadforth Business Advisory          Australia 100% 100%
                         Services Pty Ltd                                               JANA Investment Advisers Pty Ltd (‘JANA’) is an Australian
                         Shadforth Financial Group            Australia 100% 100%       based investment consulting company. The Group divested
                         Holdings Pty Ltd
                                                                                        its investment in JANA at the end of January 2023.
                         Shadforth Financial Group Limited    Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                        None of the Group’s equity-accounted investees are publicly
                         Shadforth Lending Services Pty Ltd   Australia 100% 100%
                                                                                        listed entities and consequently do not have published
                         Shadforth Property Advisory          Australia 100% 100%
                         Services Pty Ltd                                               price quotations.


                        100 | Financial report
                        Details of the Group’s material associates are as follows:

                            Associate                              Year-end      Country    Ownership interest          Carrying value          Share of profit
                                                                                       of
                                                                                incorpor-      2024          2023        2024        2023        2024         2023
                                                                                    ation
                                                                                                 %              %         $m             $m       $m              $m

                            Intermede Investment                    31-Dec            UK       40.0          40.0        55.0        54.8         7.8             7.7
                            Partners Limited
                            Fairview Equity Partners Pty Ltd         30-Sep     Australia      40.0          40.0         4.0            2.9      2.7             0.4
                            JANA Investment Advisers Pty Ltd         30-Sep     Australia         –              –          –              –        –             1.3
                            Other associates                                                                              0.5            1.4      0.2                –
                                                                                                                         59.5        59.1        10.7             9.4

                        The following table summarises the financial information of the Group’s material associates. The accounting policies of the
                        associates are consistent with those of the Group.




For personal use only
                                                                                               Intermede                    JANA                  Fairview
                                                                                              2024           2023        2024      2023*        2024          2023
                                                                                                $m            $m          $m             $m       $m              $m

                            Beneficial ownership interest                                      40%           40%          0%         45%         40%          40%
                            Current assets                                                     21.0          22.0           –             –       6.1             1.8
                            Non-current assets                                                  0.4           0.5           –             –       0.5             0.2
                            Current liabilities                                                (6.5)          (7.0)         –             –      (1.1)            (0.3)
                            Net assets (100%)                                                  14.9          15.5           –             –       5.5             1.7
                            Insignia Financial Group’s share of net assets                      6.0           6.2           –             –       2.2             0.7
                            Intangibles on investment                                          49.0          48.6           –             –       1.8             2.2
                            Carrying value of interest in associates                           55.0          54.8           –             –       4.0             2.9
                            Revenue (100%)                                                     41.2          36.9           –        31.4         3.5             4.3
                            Profit and total comprehensive income (100%)                       19.5          19.2           –            2.9      6.7             1.1
                            Profit and total comprehensive income (% interest)                  7.8           7.7           –            1.3      2.7             0.4
                            Total profit and total comprehensive income                         7.8           7.7           –            1.3      2.7             0.4
                            Dividends received by the Group                                     7.6           8.3           –            1.3      1.6             1.7

                        *     Amounts relating to part year ownership by the Group.


                        Dividends received from associates                                            In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
                        During the year, the Group has received dividends of $9.8m                    are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
                        (2023: $11.3m) from its associates.                                           discount rate that reflects current market assessments of
                                                                                                      the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset
                        Accounting policies                                                           for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been
                        Interests in associates are accounted for using the equity                    adjusted. An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss
                        method. They are initially recognised at cost, which includes                 and is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
                        any transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the                 estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
                        consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share
                        of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
                        the associates, until the date on which significant influence
                        ceases. An impairment loss in respect of an associate
                        is measured by comparing the recoverable amount of
                        the investment with its carrying amount. Recoverable
                        amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal
                        and value in use.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report | 101
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        27 Related party transactions                                      28 Assets and liabilities held for sale
                        Ultimate parent entity                                             Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd
                        Insignia Financial Ltd is the ultimate parent entity               Assets and liabilities held for sale include assets and
                        in the Group.                                                      liabilities of Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd and its controlled
                                                                                           entities. On 1 July 2024, the Group divested 63% of its
                        Investment in related entities
                                                                                           holding in Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd and recognised the
                        Through one of its subsidiaries, the Group (excluding              remaining 37% holding as an associate.
                        statutory funds) holds $573,655 (2023: $527,827)
                        investments in managed investment schemes that meet                Other assets held for sale
                        the definition of related parties.                                 Property and equipment held for sale as at 30 June 2024
                                                                                           relate to the planned sale of a building.
                        Transactions with key management personnel
                        KMP compensation                                                   Assets and liabilities held for sale as at 30 June 2023
                                                                                           includes IOOF Ltd and other investments.
                                                                  2024             2023




For personal use only
                                                                                           Assets and liabilities held for sale
                                                                     $                $
                         Short-term employee benefits        9,717,201         7,327,732                                             2024              2023

                         Post-employment benefits             280,578           243,842                                               $m                 $m

                         Share-based payments                1,221,644         1,753,283       Cash – corporate                      12.8                7.7

                         Termination benefits                3,053,172                –        Cash – statutory*                        –                6.9

                         Total KMP remuneration            14,272,595          9,324,857       Receivables – corporate               12.4                0.7

                         Executives                        12,762,372          7,926,119       Receivables – statutory*                 –              81.7

                         Non-executive Directors             1,510,223         1,398,738       Other financial assets                   –                3.9
                                                                                               – corporate
                         Total KMP remuneration            14,272,595          9,324,857
                                                                                               Other financial assets                   –            1,020.1
                                                                                               – statutory*
                        Loans to KMP
                                                                                               Prepayments – corporate                1.0                0.7
                        There are no loans between the Group and KMP.
                                                                                               Property and equipment                 0.5                1.6
                        Other transactions with KMP of the Group                               – corporate

                        KMP and their related parties held investments in                      Goodwill – corporate                     –              24.7
                        superannuation funds managed by the Group. There were                  Assets held for sale                  26.7            1,148.0
                        no other transactions with KMP of the Group.                           Payables – corporate                  15.1                0.7
                                                                                               Payables – statutory*                    –              11.3
                                                                                               Other financial liabilities              –            1,081.9
                                                                                               – statutory*
                                                                                               Provisions – corporate                 0.1                 –
                                                                                               Deferred tax liabilities                 –                0.2
                                                                                               – corporate
                                                                                               Deferred tax liabilities                 –              11.3
                                                                                               – statutory*
                                                                                               Liabilities associated with           15.2            1,105.4
                                                                                               assets held for sale

                                                                                           *     Refer to Note 30 Statutory funds.




                        102 | Financial report
                        29 Discontinued operations                                    30 Statutory funds
                        Discontinued operations included assets and liabilities       IOOF Ltd is a friendly society in accordance with the
                        of the Australian Executor Trustees Limited and AET PAF       Life Insurance Act 1995 (Cth), which was a subsidiary of the
                        Pty Ltd (the AET businesses). On 30 November 2022, the        Company until its divestment. The funds operated by IOOF
                        Group completed the sale of the AET businesses to EQT         Ltd, and any trusts controlled by these funds, are treated
                        Holdings Limited.                                             as statutory funds in accordance with the Life Insurance Act
                                                                                      1995. IOOF Ltd was divested on 31 October 2023.
                        Results from discontinued operations
                                                                                      The table below represents the contribution of IOOF Ltd
                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                      to the Group during the period of ownership.
                                                                $m            $m
                         Revenue                                  –          17.9                                             2024             2023

                         Expenses                                 –          (12.6)                                             $m              $m

                         Income tax expense                       –           (1.5)    Statutory funds revenue




For personal use only
                         Gain on sale of discontinued             –          66.6      Interest income                          0.9             1.9
                         operation                                                     Dividends and distributions              4.8            44.1
                         Related income taxes                     –          (23.4)    received

                         Profit from discontinued                 –          47.0      Net fair value (losses)/gains on       (33.3)           59.5
                         operations                                                    financial assets measured at
                                                                                       fair value through profit or loss
                         Profit from discontinued
                         operations attributable to:                                   Investment contracts with DPF

                         Owners of the entity                     –          47.0      Contributions received –                 0.7             2.9
                                                                                       investment contracts with DPF
                         Non-controlling interest                 –               –
                                                                                       Decrease in DPF policyholder             3.2            12.6
                         Profit for the year from                 –          47.0      liability
                         discontinued operations
                                                                                       Increase/(decrease) in                 21.4            (67.7)
                         Basic earnings per share (cents          –           7.1      non-DPF policyholder liability
                         per share)
                                                                                       Other fee revenue                        0.7             2.2
                         Diluted earnings per share               –           7.1
                         (cents per share)                                             Total statutory funds revenue           (1.6)           55.5
                                                                                       Statutory funds expenses
                        Cash flows from discontinued operations                        Service and marketing fees               2.6             7.9
                                                                                       expense
                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                       Investment contracts with DPF
                                                                $m            $m
                                                                                       Benefits and withdrawals paid            5.6            18.9
                         Net cash provided by                     –          11.0
                         operating activities                                          Interest                                 0.1             0.3
                         Net cash provided by                     –         129.5      Total statutory funds expenses           8.3            27.1
                         investing activities
                                                                                       Income tax (benefit)/expense            (9.9)           28.4
                         Net cash provided by                     –         140.5
                         discontinued operations                                       Statutory funds contribution               –                –
                                                                                       to profit or loss, net of tax
                        UNPAT from discontinued operations
                                                              2024           2023
                                                                $m            $m
                         Profit for the year from                 –          47.0
                         discontinued operations
                         Gain on sale of discontinued             –          (66.6)
                         operations
                         Amortisation of intangible               –           0.6
                         assets
                         Related income taxes                     –          23.2
                         UNPAT from discontinued                  –           4.2
                         operations




                                                                                                                                Financial report | 103
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                        Section 7 – Other disclosures                                      Amounts recognised in profit or loss in respect of these
                                                                                           defined benefit plans are as follows:
                        31 Defined benefit plan
                                                                                                                                    2024              2023
                        The Group contributes to a post-employment defined
                                                                                                                                      $m                $m
                        benefit plan, the Insignia Financial Super Plan (the plan).
                        The plan entitles employees to receive certain retirement           Current service cost                     (0.9)             (1.1)
                        benefits based on a fixed percentage of each employee’s             Interest cost                             0.9               0.8
                        annual remuneration and the years of service.                       Contribution tax expense                       –            0.1
                        The plan is a sub-plan of the MLC Super Fund. The Trustee           Recognised in profit or loss                   –           (0.2)
                        of the MLC Super Fund, NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited,
                        is a subsidiary of the Group. The plan is not part of the          Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income
                        Insignia Financial Group. The trustee of the MLC Super Fund        are as follows:
                        is required by law to act in the best interests of the plan                                                2024               2023
                        participants and is responsible for setting certain policies




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     $m                $m
                        of the fund.
                                                                                            Actuarial gains                          2.7               1.4
                        The defined benefit plan exposes the Group to actuarial
                                                                                            Movement in contribution tax             0.4               0.1
                        risks, such as investment risk, salary growth risk, liquidity       adjustment
                        risk, sequencing risk (due to the plan being closed to new          Recognised in other                      3.1               1.5
                        defined benefit members) and legislative risk.                      comprehensive income

                        Funding
                                                                                           Plan assets
                        The plan is fully funded by MLC Wealth Limited (a subsidiary
                                                                                           Plan assets are invested into a managed investment
                        of the Company). In Australia, superannuation is regulated
                                                                                           portfolio. These investments do not have a quoted market
                        by APRA. APRA’s Prudential Standard SPS 160 Defined
                                                                                           price in an active market. Plan assets comprise the following:
                        Benefit Matters requires the plan’s vested benefit index
                        (plan’s assets divided by vested benefits) to be no less                                            30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                        than 100%.                                                                                                   $m                $m

                        The Trustee of the plan is required to ensure that a formal         Cash and cash equivalents                1.8               1.7
                        actuarial investigation is completed at least every 3 years,        Equity instruments                      27.1              27.1
                        using the projected unit credit method, and updated
                                                                                            Debt instruments                         9.4               9.2
                        annually for material movements in the plan position. The
                                                                                            Real estate investment funds             2.2               3.1
                        most recent formal actuarial investigation was completed
                        for 30 June 2023.                                                   Other                                    4.0               2.8
                                                                                            Total plan assets                      44.5               43.9
                        Based on the strong financial position of the Plan and the
                        actuary’s recommendation, the Group does not expect to             Movements in the fair value of the plan assets in the year
                        pay contributions to its defined benefit plan in 2025.             were as follows:

                                                          30 June 2024     30 June 2023                                            2024               2023
                                                                    $m              $m                                               $m                $m
                         Present value of defined                 (20.2)          (22.6)    Opening plan assets                     43.9              44.6
                         benefit obligation
                                                                                            Actuarial gains                          2.1               0.9
                         Fair value of plan assets                44.5            43.9
                                                                                            Interest on plan assets                  1.9               1.9
                         Net surplus arising from                 24.3            21.3
                         defined benefit obligation                                         Benefits paid                           (3.7)              (3.6)
                                                                                            Plan expenses                           (0.1)              (0.1)
                                                                                            Movement in contribution tax             0.4               0.2
                                                                                            adjustment
                                                                                            Closing plan assets                    44.5               43.9




                        104 | Financial report
                        Defined benefit obligation                                                   32 Share-based payments
                        Movements in the present value of the defined benefit                        Performance rights plan
                        obligation in the year were as follows:                                      The performance rights plans are used to deliver equity-
                                                                      2024                  2023     based incentives to executives and certain other employees
                                                                                                     of the Group.
                                                                        $m                    $m
                         Opening defined benefit                      (22.6)                (24.5)   Each executive or participating other employee receives
                         obligation                                                                  ordinary shares of the Company on vesting of the
                         Current service cost                          (0.9)                 (1.1)   performance rights. No amounts are paid or payable by the
                         Interest cost                                 (1.0)                 (1.1)   recipient on receipt of the performance rights or on vesting.
                                                                                                     The performance rights carry neither rights to dividends nor
                         Actuarial gains                                0.6                   0.5
                                                                                                     voting rights prior to vesting.
                         Benefits paid                                  3.7                   3.6
                                                                                                     Vesting conditions can be a combination of:
                         Closing defined benefit                      (20.2)                (22.6)
                         obligation                                                                  • relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR), which measures




For personal use only
                                                                                                        Group’s share price performance compared to other
                        At 30 June 2024, the weighted-average duration of the                           companies in a peer group;
                        defined benefit obligation was 5 years (2023: 5 years).
                                                                                                     • employment over the period (Service);
                        Based on the current assumptions, benefit payments
                        of approximately $4.0m are expected in 2025 followed                         • satisfying compliance conditions (Compliance);
                        by further benefits of approximately $13.0m over the next                    • achieving financial targets (Financial);
                        4 years. The principal assumptions used for the purposes                     • meeting specified metrics (Non-financial); or
                        of the actuarial valuations were as follows:
                                                                                                     • the Group’s reputation score (Reputational).
                                                            30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                     All plans are equity-settled. On vesting of performance
                         Discount rate                               5.23%                4.85%      rights, the ordinary shares are either:
                         Expected rate                                3.0%                  3.0%     • transferred to the executive or employee’s name; or
                         of salary increase
                                                                                                     • if a deferral period exists, then it is held in a trust
                         Expected future lifetime
                         at the age of 60                                                               as deferred shares.

                         Male                                 22.6 years               22.6 years    Deferred shares
                         Female                               26.0 years               26.0 years    Deferred shares are shares that have vested under
                                                                                                     a performance rights plan, but are subject to a holding
                        Reasonable possible changes at the reporting date to
                                                                                                     lock before being transferred to participants.
                        one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other
                        assumptions constant, would have affected the defined                        If a deferral period exists, then the ordinary shares are
                        benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.                               held in trust for a defined period. After vesting date, the
                                                                                                     employee becomes entitled to dividends declared on
                                                      30 June 2024               30 June 2023        the deferred shares, but the deferred shares are only
                                                Increase Decrease      Increase Decrease             transferred to the participant’s name at the end of the
                                                     $m       $m            $m       $m
                                                                                                     deferral period.
                         Discount rate              (0.7)     0.7              (0.9)          0.9
                         (1% movement)
                                                                                                     Share-based payment expense
                         Compensation               0.7       (0.7)            0.9           (0.9)   The total share-based payments expense for the year was
                         rate                                                                        $3.9m (2023: $3.9m). This represents the total expense
                         (1% movement)                                                               recorded to date for all employees and does not reflect the
                         Mortality rate             0.2       (0.2)            0.2           (0.2)   opportunity to transfer to retained profits the value of those
                         (10% movement)                                                              legacy series that will lapse.

                        Although the analysis does not take account of the full
                        distribution of cash flows expected under the plan, it
                        does provide an approximation of the sensitivity of the
                        assumptions shown.




                                                                                                                                                  Financial report | 105
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        Measurement of grant date fair values
                        The grant date fair values of share-based payment plans are determined using a binomial options pricing model for non-
                        market performance conditions and a Monte-Carlo simulation model for market performance conditions. Expected volatility is
                        estimated by considering historic average share price volatility.

                        Inputs used in determining the fair value of new share-based payment performance rights plans at grant date:

                         Performance rights series                         Fair        Grant Grant date       Expected      Expected     Dividend     Risk-free
                                                                          value         date     share        volatility          life       yield     interest
                                                                                                  price                        (years)                     rate
                         2024
                         2024-01 Other employees                          $1.67    1-Dec-23        $2.10           33%              3       8.86%        4.07%
                         2024-02 Other employees                          $1.13    1-Dec-23        $2.10           33%              3       8.86%        4.07%
                         2024-03 Executives and other employees           $0.99 13-Dec-23          $2.16           36%              4       8.61%        3.92%




For personal use only
                         2023
                         2023-01 Other employees                          $2.38 11-Nov-22          $3.37           42%              3       7.00%        3.16%
                         2023-02 Executives and other employees           $2.45 14-Dec-22          $3.45           44%              4       6.84%        3.08%
                         2023-03 Other employees                          $2.71 29-Nov-22          $3.27           39%              3       7.22%        3.24%

                        Existing performance rights plans
                        The following share-based payment arrangements were in existence during the current and comparative reporting years:

                         Performance rights series                Exercise    Performance     Performance         Deferred       Vesting conditions
                                                                     price      rights plan     rights plan          shares
                                                                                 start date         vesting    vesting date
                                                                                                       date
                         2019-01 Executives                             nil        1-Jul-18      30-Jun-21        30-Jun-22      50% rTSR, 50% Service
                         2019-05 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-18      30-Jun-21        30-Jun-22      50% rTSR, 50% Service
                         2020-02 Executives and other employees         nil        1-Jul-19      30-Jun-22                 n/a   50% rTSR, 50% Service
                         2020-03 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-19      30-Jun-22                 n/a   100% Service and Compliance
                         2021-01 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-20      30-Jun-23                 n/a   100% Service and Compliance
                         2021-02 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-20      30-Jun-23                 n/a   50% rTSR, 50% Service
                         2021-03 Executives and other employees         nil        1-Jul-20      30-Jun-24                 n/a   40% rTSR, 10% Financial,
                                                                                                                                 50% Non-financial
                         2022-01 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-21      30-Jun-24                 n/a   100% Service and Compliance
                         2022-02 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-21      30-Jun-24                 n/a   50% rTSR, 50% Service
                         2022-03 Executives and other employees         nil        1-Jul-21      30-Jun-25                 n/a   40% rTSR, 10% Financial,
                                                                                                                                 50% Non-financial
                         2023-01 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-22      30-Jun-25                 n/a   50% rTSR, 50% Service
                         2023-02 Executives and other employees         nil        1-Jul-22      30-Jun-26                 n/a   40% rTSR, 10% Financial,
                                                                                                                                 50% Non-financial
                         2023-03 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-22      30-Jun-25                 n/a   100% Service and Compliance
                         2024-01 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-23      30-Jun-26                 n/a   100% Service and Compliance
                         2024-02 Other employees                        nil        1-Jul-23      30-Jun-26                 n/a   50% rTSR, 50% Service
                         2024-03 Executives and other employees         nil        1-Jul-23      30-Jun-27        30-Jun-28      70% rTSR, 30% Reputational




                        106 | Financial report
                        Number of performance rights and deferred shares
                         Performance rights series    Opening     Granted    Forfeited   Exercised   Closing    Granted    Forfeited   Exercised    Closing
                                                      balance      in 2023   or lapsed     in 2023   balance     in 2024   or lapsed     in 2024    balance
                                                                               in 2023                                       in 2024
                                                         1 July                                      30 June                                         30 June
                                                         2022                                          2023                                            2024

                                                           No.        No.         No.         No.        No.         No.        No.         No.           No.

                         Performance rights:
                         2019-01 Executives            87,000           –     (87,000)          –          –           –          –            –            –
                         2019-05 Other employees       63,750           –     (63,750)          –          –           –          –            –            –
                         2020-02 Executives and       321,500           –    (155,750)   (165,750)         –           –          –            –            –
                         other employees
                         2020-03 Other employees       27,136           –            –    (27,136)         –           –          –            –            –




For personal use only
                         2021-01 Other employees       69,517           –            –          –     69,517           –          –     (69,517)            –
                         2021-02 Other employees      271,043           –      (9,072)          –    261,971           –   (126,463)   (135,508)            –
                         2021-03 Executives and       840,536           –            –          –    840,536     45,976           –            –    886,512
                         other employees
                         2022-01 Other employees       64,640           –      (1,870)          –     62,770           –          –            –     62,770
                         2022-02 Other employees      294,470           –     (39,091)          –    255,379     11,704           –            –    267,083
                         2022-03 Executives and      1,274,399          –     (45,838)          – 1,228,561            –          –            – 1,228,561
                         other employees
                         2023-01 Other employees             – 1,035,450      (31,824)          – 1,003,626      31,824           –            – 1,035,450
                         2023-02 Executives and              – 2,098,735             –          – 2,098,735      34,907    (509,519)           – 1,624,123
                         other employees
                         2023-03 Other employees             –     94,697            –          –     94,697           –          –            –     94,697
                         2024-01 Other employees             –          –            –          –          –    144,112           –            –    144,112
                         2024-02 Other employees             –          –            –          –          –    875,675           –            –    875,675
                         2024-03 Executives and              –          –            –          –          –    889,710           –            –    889,710
                         other employees
                         Total performance rights 3,313,991 3,228,882        (434,195) (192,886) 5,915,792 2,033,908       (635,982) (205,025) 7,108,693
                         Exercisable at 30 June                                                            –                                                –
                         Deferred shares:
                         2019-01 Executives            87,000           –            –    (87,000)         –           –          –            –            –
                         2019-05 Other employees       63,750           –            –    (63,750)         –           –          –            –            –
                         Total deferred shares        150,750           –            –   (150,750)         –           –          –            –            –

                        Accounting policies                                                   the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and
                        The grant date fair value of share-based payment awards               expected price volatility of the underlying share, the
                        granted to employees is recognised as a share-based                   expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate
                        payment expense with a corresponding increase in the                  for the term of the option.
                        share-based payments reserve over the years that the                  Shares held by the IOOF Equity Plans Trust (the Trust)
                        employees unconditionally become entitled to the awards.              will contribute to the employee allocation of shares on
                        The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect            satisfaction of vesting performance hurdles. The Group
                        the number of awards for which the related service and                has no right to recall placed shares. However, the Group
                        non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met,                 instructs a third party who acts as Trustee of the Trust
                        such that the expense recognised is based on the number               and can direct the voting rights of shares held.
                        of awards that meet the related service and non-market                Shares in the Company held by the Trust are classified
                        performance conditions at vesting date.                               and disclosed as treasury shares and deducted from share
                        The fair value at grant date is independently determined              capital. Dividends received by the Trust are recorded as
                        where considered appropriate. The option pricing model                dividend income in the financial statements of the Trust
                        used considers the exercise price, the term of the option,            and are eliminated on consolidation.



                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 107
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the financial statements (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        33 Remuneration of auditor                                       The new leadership team comprises a mix of existing
                                                                                         executives and new external appointments including:
                                                                2024           2023
                                                                                         • Renee Howie appointed as Chief Customer Officer,
                                                                    $              $
                                                                                            with responsibility for Advice and Marketing;
                         Audit services
                                                                                         • Liz McCarthy appointed as CEO MLC Expand, responsible
                         Financial reports – Group         3,230,601      2,631,420
                                                                                            for Wrap Platforms business;
                         Financial reports – managed       3,330,009      3,653,151
                         funds and superannuation
                                                                                         • Dave Woodall appointed as CEO Superannuation,
                         funds                                                              responsible for Master Trust business; and
                         Total audit services              6,560,610      6,284,571      • Jason Sommer as Chief Operating Officer, responsible
                         Assurance services                                                 for Strategy and Enterprise Services functions.

                         Regulatory assurance services     1,741,726      2,106,119      Renee Howie and Dave Woodall will start 1 November 2024.
                         Other assurance services            299,813        230,625      As a result of the changes, Frank Lombardo, Mark Oliver
                                                                                         and Chris Weldon have ceased their KMP responsibilities




For personal use only
                         Total assurance services          2,041,539      2,336,744
                                                                                         disclosed in the Remuneration Report effective 26 July 2024.
                         Other services
                         Taxation services                    81,865         29,041      Penalty paid to APRA
                         Advisory services                    91,769        161,000      On 20 July 2024, the Group paid $10.7m to APRA in
                                                                                         response to infringement notices issued by APRA for alleged
                         Total other services                173,634        190,041
                                                                                         breaches of the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act
                         Total auditor’s remuneration      8,775,783      8,811,356
                                                                                         1993 for failing to invest members’ default superannuation
                                                                                         contributions in MySuper products. This amount has been
                        The auditor of the Company is KPMG Australia.
                                                                                         included in other expenses in the current financial year.
                        All amounts payable to the auditor of the Company
                        were paid by a Group company.                                    Court enforceable undertaking with APRA
                                                                                         On 22 July 2024, APRA agreed to accept a court enforceable
                        34 Subsequent events
                                                                                         undertaking (CEU) from (OPC) pledging to rectify compliance
                        Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd                                         deficiencies and compensate members. The CEU is publicly
                        On 1 July 2024, the Group divested 63% of its holding            available and relates to the conduct for which APRA
                        in Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd (Rhombus) and recognised             issued the infringement notices as well as the ongoing
                        its remaining 37% interest in Rhombus as an equity               remediation of a breach relating to accrued default amount.
                        accounted associate.                                             OPC has acknowledged APRA’s concerns in the CEU and
                                                                                         has committed to:
                        Operating model and executive team changes
                                                                                         • identify, rectify, and remediate all members adversely
                        On 11 July 2024, the Company announced a revised
                                                                                            affected by the breaches with input from an
                        operating model and new executive team, to drive
                                                                                            independent expert;
                        increased accountability and enhance the focus on growth
                        opportunities across the business. The new structure took        • allocate additional resources to replenish the Operational
                        effect on 29 July 2024.                                             Risk Financial Requirement to 100% of the target balance
                                                                                            of 0.25% of funds under management; and
                        The new structure comprises four dedicated lines of
                                                                                         • hold $40m of its existing Operational Risk Financial
                        business: Asset Management, Master Trust, Wrap and
                                                                                            Requirement assets as an overlay until OPC has satisfied
                        Advice. Each business line is led by an executive with end-to-
                                                                                            the terms of the CEU.
                        end accountability to drive positive sustainable growth and
                        profitability, improve customer outcomes and the customer        Other matters
                        experience and is supported by specialist enablement and         The Directors are not aware of any other matter or
                        governance functions.                                            circumstance not otherwise dealt with in this report, or the
                                                                                         accompanying financial statements and notes thereto, that
                                                                                         has arisen since 30 June 2024 that has significantly affected,
                                                                                         or may significantly affect:
                                                                                         • the Group’s operations in future financial years; or
                                                                                         • the results of those operations in future
                                                                                            financial years; or
                                                                                         • the Group’s state of affairs in future financial years.



                        108 | Financial report
                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        As required by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), set out below is a list of entities that are consolidated in this set of consolidated
                        financial statements of the Insignia Financial Group as at 30 June 2024:

                                                                                                                                         2024             2023
                         Entity name                                                Entity type          Place              Tax          % of           % of
                                                                                                  incorporated     jurisdiction     ownership      ownership
                         Parent entity
                         Insignia Financial Ltd                                Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Subsidiaries
                         ACN 089 554 058 Pty Ltd                               Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Actuate Alliance Services Pty Ltd                     Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Antares Capital Partners Ltd                          Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Australian Wealth Management Limited                  Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Austselect Pty Ltd                                    Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%




For personal use only
                         Bridges Financial Services Group Pty Limited          Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Bridges Financial Services Pty Limited                Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Consultum Financial Advisers Pty Ltd                  Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Deakin Financial Services Pty Ltd                     Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         DKN Financial Group Pty Ltd                           Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         DKN Management Pty Ltd                                Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         DKN Stakeholders Pty Ltd                              Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Financial Acuity Limited                              Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Financial Investment Network Group Pty Limited        Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Financial Partnership Pty Ltd                         Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Financial Planning Hotline Pty Limited                Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Financial Services Partners Holdings Pty Limited      Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Financial Services Partners Management Pty Limited    Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Financial Services Partners Pty Limited               Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         FSP Group Pty Limited                                 Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Greencrest Administration Pty Ltd                     Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IFL Internal Audit Pty Ltd                            Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Integrated Networks Pty Limited                       Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         I.O.O.F. Investment Management Limited                Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF Alliances Pty Limited                            Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF Equity Plans Trust                                          Trust       Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF Finance Choice Pty Ltd                           Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF Group Pty Ltd                                    Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF Holdings Pty Limited                             Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF Insurance Brokers Pty Ltd                        Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF Investment Services Ltd                          Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF Life Pty Ltd                                     Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         IOOF New Zealand Limited                              Body corporate     New Zealand     New Zealand            100%            100%
                         IOOF Service Co Pty Ltd                               Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         JK Rye Pty Limited                                    Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         KE Sunshine Coast Pty Limited                         Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Kiewa Street Planners Pty Limited                     Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Lachlan Wealth Management Pty Ltd                     Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Lifetime Financial Advisers Pty Ltd                   Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Lifetime Mortgage Solutions Pty Ltd                   Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Lonsdale Financial Group Limited                      Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%
                         Managed Portfolio Services Limited                    Body corporate         Australia      Australia           100%            100%


                                                                                                                                           Financial report | 109
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement (cont’d)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                                                      2024             2023
                            Entity name                                                     Entity type           Place                Tax          % of             % of
                                                                                                           incorporated       jurisdiction     ownership        ownership
                            MLC Asset Management Holdings Limited                     Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            MLC Asset Management Pty Limited                          Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            MLC Asset Management Services Limited                     Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            MLC Asset Management (UK) Limited                         Body corporate                 UK                UK            100%             100%
                            MLC Asset Management (UK) Real Estate Limited*            Body corporate*                UK                UK            100%             100%
                            MLC Asset Management US LLC                               Body corporate                  US               US            100%             100%
                            MLC Investments Limited                                   Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            MLC Lifetime Company Limited                              Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            MLC Nominees Pty Ltd                                      Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            MLC Properties Pty. Limited                               Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%




For personal use only
                            MLC Wealth Holdings Limited                               Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            MLC Wealth Limited                                        Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            My Adviser Pty Ltd                                        Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Navigator Australia Limited                               Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited                        Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            NWMH Sub Ltd                                              Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Oasis Asset Management Limited                            Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Oasis Fund Management Limited                             Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            OnePath Administration Pty Limited                        Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            OnePath Custodians Pty Limited                            Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            OnePath Funds Management Limited                          Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            OnePath Investment Holdings Pty Limited                   Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Orchard St Investment Management LLP*                          Partnership*              UK                UK            100%             100%
                            Orchard Street Investment Advisors Limited                Body corporate                 UK                UK            100%             100%
                            PFS Nominees Pty Ltd                                      Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Plan B Administration Pty Ltd                             Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Plan B Group Holdings Pty Limited                         Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Rhombus Advisory Pty Ltd                                  Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%                  –
                            Rhombus Advisory Investment Solutions Pty Ltd             Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%                  –
                            RI Advice Group Pty Ltd                                   Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Select Managed Funds Pty Ltd                              Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Sentinel Adviser Services Pty Ltd                         Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            SFG Australia Limited                                     Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            SFG Spencers Pty Ltd                                      Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Shadforth Business Advisory Services Pty Ltd              Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Shadforth Financial Group Holdings Pty Ltd                Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Shadforth Financial Group Limited                         Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Shadforth Lending Services Pty Ltd                        Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Shadforth Property Advisory Services Pty Ltd              Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            SMF Wealth Management Pty Ltd                             Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Snowball Capital Pty Ltd                                  Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Wealth Central Pty Ltd                                    Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%
                            Western Pacific Financial Group Pty Ltd                   Body corporate           Australia        Australia            100%             100%

                        *     MLC Asset Management (UK) Real Estate Limited is the main partner in the limited liability partnership Orchard St Investment Management LLP. The
                              partnership was established under the UK Limited Liability Partnerships Act 2000. As a partner, MLC Asset Management (UK) Real Estate Limited
                              has the obligation to pay its share of any tax relating to its involvement in the partnership.




                        110 | Financial report
                        Key assumptions and judgements                                  Partnerships and trusts
                        The following key assumptions and judgments were applied:       The IOOF Equity Plans Trust and Orchard St Investment
                                                                                        Management LLP are subsidiaries of the Group.
                        Determination of tax residency
                        Section 295 (3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) requires    Australian tax law does not contain specific residency tests
                        that the tax residency of each entity that is included in       for partnerships or trusts. Generally, such entities are taxed
                        the Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement (CEDS) be          on a flow-through basis so there is no need for a general
                        disclosed. In the context of an entity that is an Australian    residence test. Some provisions treat trusts as residents
                        resident, ‘Australian resident’ has the meaning provided        for certain purposes, but this does not mean the trust itself
                        in the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth).                    is an entity that is subject to tax.

                        In determining tax residency, the Group applied the             For disclosure in the CEDS, the Group treated:
                        following interpretations:                                      • IOOF Equity Plans Trust as an Australian tax resident; and
                        Australian tax residency                                        • Orchard St Investment Management LLP as a UK
                                                                                           tax resident.




For personal use only
                        The Group applied current legislation and judicial precedent,
                        including having regard to the Commissioner of Taxation’s
                        public guidance in Tax Ruling TR 2018/5.

                        Foreign tax residency
                        The Group applied current legislation and where
                        available judicial precedent in the determination
                        of foreign tax residency.




                                                                                                                                  Financial report | 111
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Directors’ declaration
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024

                        1 In the opinion of the Directors of the Company:

                           a the consolidated financial statements and notes set out on pages 62–108 and the Remuneration Report set out on pages
                              37–60 in the Directors’ Report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                              i giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2024 and its performance for the financial
                                  year ended on that date; and
                              ii complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and

                           b there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become
                              due and payable;
                           c the consolidated entity disclosure statement at pages 109–111 is true and correct; and

                        2 The Directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Chief
                           Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2024.
                        3 The Directors draw attention to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement




For personal use only
                           of compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                        Mr Allan Griffiths
                        Chairman

                        Melbourne
                        22 August 2024




                        112 | Financial report
                                Independent Auditor’s Report
                                To the shareholders of Insignia Financial Ltd

                                Report on the audit of the Financial Report



                                Opinion




For personal use only
                                We have audited the Financial Report of                                    The Financial Report comprises:
                                Insignia Financial Ltd (the Company).                                      • Consolidated statement of financial position as
                                In our opinion, the accompanying Financial                                    at 30 June 2024
                                Report of the Company gives a true and fair                                •    Consolidated statement of comprehensive
                                view, including of the Group’s financial position                               income, Consolidated statement of changes in
                                as at 30 June 2024 and of its financial                                         equity, and Consolidated statement of cash
                                performance for the year then ended, in                                         flows for the year then ended
                                accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, in
                                                                                                           •    Consolidated entity disclosure statement and
                                compliance with Australian Accounting
                                                                                                                accompanying basis of preparation as at 30
                                Standards and the Corporations Regulations
                                                                                                                June 2024
                                2001.
                                                                                                           •    Notes, including material accounting policies
                                                                                                           •    Directors’ declaration.
                                                                                                           The Group consists of the Company and the
                                                                                                           entities it controlled at the year end or from time
                                                                                                           to time during the financial year.

                                Basis for opinion

                                We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit
                                evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
                                the audit of the Financial Report section of our report.
                                We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical
                                requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics
                                for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our
                                audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                                accordance with these requirements.




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a
                        private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of
                        the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                                                                                                                                                                                     113
                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report | 113
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                                    Key Audit Matters

                                    The Key Audit Matters we identified are:               Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our
                                                                                           professional judgement, were of most significance
                                    •    Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite Life
                                                                                           in our audit of the Financial Report of the current
                                         Intangible Assets
                                                                                           period.
                                    •    Provisions for Client Remediation and
                                                                                           These matters were addressed in the context of
                                         Related Costs
                                                                                           our audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in
                                    •    Information Technology related controls           forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                                                                                           provide a separate opinion on these matters.


                                    Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Assets - $1,779.8 million and $163.6 million




For personal use only
                                    Refer to Note 12 to the Financial Report

                                    The key audit matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                    A Key Audit Matter for us was the Group’s              Our procedures included:
                                    annual testing of goodwill and indefinite life
                                    intangible assets for impairment, given the size       •   Working with our valuation specialists, we
                                    of the balance (collectively 54% of total assets)          considered the appropriateness of the value in
                                    and judgement involved by the Group, and                   use method applied by the Group to perform
                                    effort for us, in gathering persuasive audit               the test of goodwill and indefinite life
                                    evidence thereon. We focused on the                        intangible assets for impairment against the
                                    significant forward-looking assumptions the                requirements of the accounting standards.
                                    Group applied in their value in use models,
                                                                                           •   We assessed the integrity of the value in use
                                    including:                                                 models used, including the accuracy of the
                                    •    Forecast operating cash flows, growth                 underlying calculation formulas.
                                         rates and terminal growth rates – the Group
                                         operates in a period of broader market
                                                                                           •   We compared forecast cash flows contained
                                                                                               in the value in use models to Board approved
                                         volatility, which is anticipated to continue in
                                                                                               forecasts.
                                         the near term impacting the performance
                                         of funds under management or                      •   We assessed the accuracy of previous Group
                                         administration from which key revenue of              forecasts to inform our evaluation of forecasts
                                         the Group is derived. These conditions                incorporated in the models.
                                         increase the possibility of goodwill and
                                         indefinite life intangible assets being           •   We used our knowledge of the Group, its past
                                         impaired, plus the risk of inaccurate                 performance, business and customers, and
                                         forecasts or a wider range of possible                our industry experience to challenge the
                                         outcomes for us to consider.                          Group’s forecast cash flows and growth
                                                                                               assumptions, including market volatility and its
                                    •    Discount rates – these are complicated in
                                                                                               potential impacts. We compared key events to
                                         nature and vary according to the conditions
                                                                                               the Board approved plan and strategy. We
                                         and environment the specific Cash
                                                                                               compared forecast growth rates and terminal
                                         Generating Unit (CGU) is subject to, from
                                         time to time, and the models approach to              growth rates to published studies of industry
                                         incorporating risks into the cash flows or            trends and expectations and evaluated
                                         discount rates.                                       differences for the Group’s operations.

                                    The Group uses complex models to perform
                                    their annual testing of goodwill and indefinite




                                                                                                                                               114
                        114 | Financial report
                        Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Assets - $1,779.8 million and $163.6 million
                        (cont’d)

                        Refer to Note 12 to the Financial Report (cont’d)

                        The key audit matter (cont’d)                       How the matter was addressed in our audit
                                                                            (cont’d)

                        life intangible assets for impairment. The          •   We assessed the Group’s underlying
                        models are largely manually developed, use              methodology and documentation for the
                        adjusted historical performance, and a range of         allocation of corporate costs and corporate
                        internal and external sources as inputs to the          assets to the forecast cash flows contained in
                        assumptions. Complex modelling, particularly            the value in use models, for consistency with




For personal use only
                        those containing judgmental allocations of              our understanding of the business and the
                        corporate assets and costs to CGUs, using               criteria in the accounting standards.
                        forward-looking assumptions tend to be prone
                        to greater risk for potential bias, error and       •   We assessed the Group’s allocation of
                        inconsistent application. These conditions              corporate assets and costs to CGUs for
                        necessitate additional scrutiny by us, in               reasonableness and consistency based on the
                        particular to address the objectivity of sources        requirements of the accounting standards.
                        used for assumptions, and their consistent
                        application.
                                                                            •   Working with our valuation specialists, we
                                                                                independently developed a discount rate range
                        In addition to the above, the carrying amount of        considered comparable using publicly available
                        the net assets of the Group exceeded the                market data for comparable entities, adjusted
                        Group’s market capitalisation at year end,              by risk factors specific to the Group’s CGUs
                        increasing the possibility of goodwill and              and the industry they operate in.
                        indefinite life intangible assets being impaired.
                        This further increased our audit effort in this     •   We considered the sensitivity of the models
                        area.                                                   by varying key assumptions, such as forecast
                                                                                growth rates, terminal growth rates and
                        We involved valuation specialists to supplement         discount rates, within a reasonably possible
                        our senior audit team members in assessing
                                                                                range. We did this to identify those CGUs at
                        this Key Audit Matter.
                                                                                higher risk of impairment and to focus our
                                                                                further procedures.

                                                                            •   We assessed the Group’s reconciliation of
                                                                                differences between the year-end market
                                                                                capitalisation and the carrying amount of net
                                                                                assets, by comparing the EBITDA multiples
                                                                                from the Group’s models to multiples of
                                                                                comparable entities. This also included
                                                                                consideration of the market capitalisation
                                                                                range implied by recent share price trading
                                                                                ranges and broker 12-month target valuation
                                                                                ranges, to the Group’s latest valuation model.

                                                                            •   We assessed the disclosures in the Financial
                                                                                Report using our understanding obtained from
                                                                                our testing and against the requirements of
                                                                                the accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                 115
                                                                                                                       Financial report | 115
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                                    Provisions for Client Remediation and Related Costs - $213.7 million

                                    Refer to Note 16 Provisions to the Financial Report

                                    The key audit matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                    Provisions for client remediation and related          Working with our regulatory specialists, our
                                    costs is a Key Audit Matter due to the                 procedures included:
                                    judgments and effort required by us in
                                    assessing the Group’s determination of:                •   We obtained an understanding of the Group’s
                                                                                               process for identifying and assessing the
                                   •     The existence of a present legal or                   potential impact and extent of remediation
                                         constructive obligation as a basis for                activities and associated impacts to the




For personal use only
                                         recognition of a provision against the criteria       Group’s Financial Report.
                                         in the accounting standards.
                                                                                           •   We enquired with the Group regarding their
                                   •     Reliable estimates of amounts which may               ongoing assessment into the remediation
                                         be paid arising from the present obligation,          activities.
                                         including estimates of the number of
                                         impacted clients and expected average             •   We read the minutes and other relevant
                                         detriment (remediation) payments and                  documentation of the Company’s Board of
                                         related costs. The precision of the Group’s           Directors, Board Committees, various
                                         estimate of remediation provision and                 management committees, and attended the
                                         related costs and our audit effort thereon            Company’s Audit Committee and Risk and
                                         varied depending on the status of                     Compliance Committee meetings to assess
                                         remediation program assessment by the                 the Group’s governance processes over
                                         Group.                                                remediation provisions, to identify any further
                                                                                               remediation instances, and to inform our
                                   •     The potential for legal proceedings and               further procedures.
                                         regulatory scrutiny leading to a wider range
                                         of estimation outcomes for us to consider.        •   We inspected correspondence with regulatory
                                                                                               bodies and reports from the expert consultant
                                    The Group uses a complex model to estimate                 engaged by the Group and compared these to
                                    the amount which may be paid in future                     the Group’s assessment of remediation
                                    periods. The model is manually developed and               provisions.
                                    uses a range of sources as inputs to the
                                    assumptions. Complex modelling, using                  •   We assessed the scope, objectivity and
                                    forward-looking assumptions, tends to be prone             competency of the expert consultant engaged
                                    to greater risk for potential bias, error and              by the Group.
                                    inconsistent application. These conditions
                                    necessitate additional scrutiny by us, to address      •   For remediation program assessments by the
                                    the objectivity of sources used for assumptions,           Group that were closer to complete at the year
                                    and their consistent application.                          end:

                                    We involved regulatory specialists to                        • We assessed the integrity of the
                                    supplement our senior audit team members in                    provisioning model used, including the
                                    assessing this Key Audit Matter.                               accuracy of the underlying calculation
                                                                                                   formulas.




                                                                                                                                                 116
                        116 | Financial report
                        Provisions for Client Remediation and Related Costs - $213.7 million (cont’d)

                        Refer to Note 16 Provisions to the Financial Report (cont’d)

                        The key audit matter (cont’d)                      How the matter was addressed in our audit
                                                                           (cont’d)

                                                                                   •   We tested a sample of client files to
                                                                                       check for detriment payment eligibility
                                                                                       using underlying documentation and
                                                                                       compared this to the Group’s
                                                                                       determination in its remediation provision
                                                                                       assessment.




For personal use only
                                                                                   •   We independently estimated a sample of
                                                                                       detriment payments and program costs
                                                                                       based on underlying documentation and
                                                                                       sources and compared this to the Group's
                                                                                       determination in its remediation provision
                                                                                       assessment.

                                                                           •   For remediation programs where assessments
                                                                               remained in progress by the Group at the year
                                                                               end:

                                                                               •       We assessed the integrity of the model
                                                                                       used, including the accuracy of the
                                                                                       underlying calculation formulas.

                                                                               •       We challenged the Group’s basis for
                                                                                       recognition of a provision and related
                                                                                       program costs against the requirements
                                                                                       of the accounting standards. We did this
                                                                                       by understanding the provisioning
                                                                                       methodologies, challenging underlying
                                                                                       assumptions including expected average
                                                                                       detriment payments, related program
                                                                                       costs and number of impacted clients by
                                                                                       comparing to the Group’s past
                                                                                       experience, using our industry experience
                                                                                       and our understanding of the entity based
                                                                                       on procedures performed.

                                                                           •   We assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                               Group’s conclusions against the requirements
                                                                               of the accounting standards where estimates
                                                                               were unable to be reliably made for a provision
                                                                               to be recognised.

                                                                           •   We assessed the disclosures in the Financial
                                                                               Report using our understanding obtained and
                                                                               results of our testing and against the
                                                                               requirements of the accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                    117
                                                                                                                         Financial report | 117
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                                    Information Technology related controls

                                    The key audit matter                                 How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                    Information Technology (IT) related controls are     Working with our IT specialists, our procedures
                                    a Key Audit Matter as the Group’s key financial      included:
                                    accounting and reporting processes are highly
                                                                                         •   We obtained an understanding of the Group’s
                                    dependent on certain IT systems, controls and
                                                                                             IT environment and risk assessment
                                    integrity in their operation to record the Group’s
                                                                                             processes, including cybersecurity matters, for
                                    financial transactions.                                  how the Group uses IT as part of financial
                                    The Group’s businesses use a number of IT                reporting. We evaluated the risks of material
                                    systems to process and record a high volume              misstatement to the Group’s current year
                                    of financial transactions. There is a risk that          financial statements resulting from, among




For personal use only
                                    potential gaps in the Group’s IT controls relating       other things, unauthorised access to financial
                                    to change management, segregation of duties              reporting systems, including IT applications,
                                                                                             databases and operating systems. We tested
                                    or user access management (in relation to key
                                                                                             key systems, automated controls and control
                                    financial accounting and reporting systems)
                                                                                             environments underlying the relevant financial
                                    may undermine the integrity in recording
                                                                                             preparation processes.
                                    financial information by the Group. Our audit
                                    approach could significantly differ depending on     •   Our procedures included testing key IT
                                    the effective operation of the Group’s IT                controls (in relation to key financial accounting
                                    controls.                                                and reporting systems) with respect to:
                                    We involved IT specialists to supplement our             •   Change management: we inspected the
                                    senior audit team members in assessing this                  Group’s change management policies and
                                    Key Audit Matter.                                            for a sample of system changes during
                                                                                                 the year, checked the consistency of the
                                                                                                 system changes to the Group’s policy.

                                                                                             •   Segregation of duties: we sample tested
                                                                                                 key IT controls designed to enforce
                                                                                                 segregation of duties.

                                                                                             •   User access management: we assessed
                                                                                                 the Group’s evaluation of user access
                                                                                                 rights, including privileged access to key
                                                                                                 financial reporting IT applications and
                                                                                                 infrastructure. We also tested controls
                                                                                                 related to the Group’s monitoring of
                                                                                                 access rights.

                                                                                         •   Where we identified design and/or operating
                                                                                             deficiencies in the IT control environment, we
                                                                                             raised these matters with the Group, and
                                                                                             adapted our flow-on audit approach thereon.




                                                                                                                                                 118
                        118 | Financial report
                        Other Information


                        Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Insignia Financial Ltd’s annual report
                        which is provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor's Report. The Directors are
                        responsible for the Other Information.
                        The Other Information we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report was the Directors’
                        Report, Operating and Financial Review, and the Remuneration Report. The Our Services, Our
                        Diversified Business Model, Chairman’s Commentary, CEO Commentary, 2024 Results At A Glance,
                        Environmental, Social & Governance Report, IOOF Foundation and Shareholder Information are
                        expected to be made available to us after the date of the Auditor’s Report.
                        Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not
                        and will not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception




For personal use only
                        of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
                        In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other
                        Information. In doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with
                        the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
                        misstated.
                        We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other
                        Information, and based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained
                        prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we have nothing to report.


                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The Directors are responsible for:
                            •   preparing the Financial Report in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including giving
                                a true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the Group, and in compliance
                                with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001
                            •   implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report in
                                accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true and fair view of the
                                financial position and performance of the Group, and that is free from material misstatement,
                                whether due to fraud or error
                            •   assessing the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the
                                use of the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as
                                applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
                                unless they either intend to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease operations, or have
                                no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objective is:
                            •   to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from
                                material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                            •   to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
                        exists.




                                                                                                                                   119
                                                                                                                          Financial report | 119
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024




                                    Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the
                                    aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
                                    the basis of the Financial Report.
                                    A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the
                                    Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                                    https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf.

                                    This description forms part of our Auditor’s Report.


                                    Report on the Remuneration Report

                                    Opinion                                                Directors’ responsibilities




For personal use only
                                    In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of             The Directors of the Company are responsible for
                                    Insignia Financial Ltd for the year ended 30 June      the preparation and presentation of the
                                    2024, complies with Section 300A of the                Remuneration Report in accordance with Section
                                    Corporations Act 2001.                                 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                                           Our responsibilities
                                                                                           We have audited the Remuneration Report
                                                                                           included in pages 38 – 60 of the Directors’ report
                                                                                           for the year ended 30 June 2024.
                                                                                           Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                                                                                           Remuneration Report, based on our audit
                                                                                           conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing
                                                                                           Standards.




                                     KPMG                                                  Dean Waters

                                                                                           Partner

                                                                                           Melbourne

                                                                                           22 August 2024




                                                                                                                                            120
                        120 | Financial report
                        Shareholder information

                        Share capital
                        Insignia Financial has on issue 670,726,143 fully paid ordinary shares held by 49,941 holders as at 22 August 2024.

                        Voting rights
                        Insignia Financial’s fully paid ordinary shares carry voting rights of one vote per share.

                        Twenty largest shareholders as at 22 August 2024
                        The following table sets out the top 20 registered holders of shares.

                         Rank    Holder name                                                                                 Balance as at    % of issued
                                                                                                                           22 August 2024         capital

                         1       CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                               174,841,898          26.068
                         2       HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                   109,416,899          16.313




For personal use only
                         3       J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                     85,269,302         12.713
                         4       MR BRUCE WILLIAM NEILL                                                                        26,864,295           4.005
                         5       NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                     11,596,049           1.729
                         6       BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                              7,025,292           1.047
                         7       AIGLE ROYAL SUPERANNUATION PTY LTD <A POLI SUPER FUND A/C>                                     7,000,000           1.044
                         8       HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED – A/C 2                                              5,910,815           0.881
                         9       IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                           3,529,257           0.526
                         10      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                   3,307,197           0.493
                         11      CERTANE CT PTY LTD <IOOF EPT UNALLOC A/C>                                                      2,798,292           0.417
                         12      THANECORP AUSTRALIA PTY LTD <CFK RETIREMENT FUND A/C>                                          2,738,854           0.408
                         13      BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                       2,674,797           0.399
                         14      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                         2,582,142           0.385
                         15      MR CON ZEMPILAS                                                                                2,465,593           0.368
                         16      SAM GANNON PTY LTD <THE J B GANNON FAMILY A/C>                                                 2,265,506           0.338
                         17      RAVENSCOURT PROPRIETARY LIMITED                                                                2,000,000           0.298
                         18      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                      1,995,482           0.298
                         19      MRS SALLY KELAHER                                                                              1,928,518           0.288
                         20      MR IAN GREGORY GRIFFITHS                                                                       1,750,419           0.261
                                 Total Securities of Top 20 Holdings                                                         457,960,607          68.278
                                 Total of Securities                                                                         670,726,143




                                                                                                                                      Financial report | 121
                        Insignia Financial Annual Report 2024



                        Shareholder information (cont’d)

                        Distribution of members and their holdings
                        The following table summarises the distribution of our listed shares as at 22 August 2024.

                         Range                                                           No. of holders                         No. of units                  % issued capital

                         1-1,000                                                                 27,908                         10,255,572                                    1.53
                         1,001-5,000                                                             14,445                         34,992,638                                    5.22
                         5,001-10,000                                                              3,954                        29,508,299                                    4.40
                         10,001-100,000                                                            3,423                        84,565,399                                12.61
                         100,001-9,999,999,999                                                       211                      511,404,235                                 76.25
                         Totals                                                                  49,941                       670,726,143                               100.00

                        There were 10,021 shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of shares based on a market price of $2.47 at the close
                        of trading on 22 August 2024 and there were 19.96 per cent of shareholders (1.26% of fully paid ordinary shares) with registered




For personal use only
                        addresses outside Australia.

                        Substantial shareholdings
                        Substantial shareholders as at 22 August 2024 are shown below, with the date of their last notice lodged in accordance with
                        section 671B of the Corporations Act:

                         Holder name                                                                              Date of            No. of         % of issued share capital
                                                                                                               last notice      ord shares           as at date of last notice
                         Tanarra Capital Australia Pty Ltd                                                     6/10/2023        95,766,648                                12.47
                         Host Plus Pty Limited ATF the Hostplus Pooled Superannuation Trust                  10/10/2023         60,244,483                                 9.09
                         Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.   1
                                                                                                             22/08/2024         55,413,328                                 8.26
                         First Sentier Investors Holdings Pty Limited    2
                                                                                                             21/08/2024         55,413,328                                 8.26
                         Australian Retirement Trust                                                           6/10/2023        54,397,772                                 8.21
                         State Street Corporation                                                            25/09/2023         46,826,732                                 7.07
                         Vanguard Group                                                                      10/08/2022         32,764,974                                 5.01

                        1. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. has a relevant interest under section 608(3) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) as it has 100% voting power
                           in First Sentier Investors Holdings Pty Limited.
                        2. First Sentier Investors Holdings Pty Limited has a relevant interest under paragraph 608(1)(b) and/or 608(1)(c) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth),
                           being a relevant interest arising from having the power to control the exercise of the right to vote attached to securities and/or to control the
                           exercise of the power to dispose of securities in its capacity as investment manager, as provided for under its investment mandates.

                        Share register and other enquiries
                        If you have any questions in relation to your shareholding, share transfers or dividends, please contact our share registry:

                        Boardroom Pty Limited
                        ABN: 14 003 209 836

                        Level 7, 333 Collins Street
                        Melbourne VIC 3000
                        and
                        Level 8, 210 George Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000
                        Post: GPO Box 3993. Sydney NSW 2001.
                        Phone:     1300 737 760 (Australia only)
                        Phone:     +61 2 8016 2893 (International)
                        Fax:       +61 2 9290 9655
                        Website: www.boardroomlimited.com.au

                        Please include your shareholder reference number (SRN) or holder identification number (HIN) in all correspondence to the
                        share registry.


                        122 | Financial report
                        Corporate directory

                        Directors                                                    Principal registered office
                        Mr Allan Griffiths                                           in Australia
                        B.Bus, DipLi                                                 Level 1
                        Chairman                                                     800 Bourke Street
                        Mr Scott Hartley                                             Docklands VIC 3008
                        B.Bus, Advanced Management Program INSEAD                    (03) 8614 4400
                        CEO and Executive Director
                                                                                     Share registry
                        Mr Andrew Bloore
                                                                                     Boardroom Pty Limited
                        Ms Elizabeth Flynn                                           Level 8
                        LLB, Grad Dip App Corp Gov, FAICD, FFin, FGIA, FCG           210 George Street
                                                                                     Sydney NSW 2000
                        Ms Jodie Hampshire
                        B.Comm, CFA, GAICD
                                                                                     Auditor




For personal use only
                        Ms Gai McGrath
                                                                                     KPMG
                        LLM (Dist), BA LLB (Hons), GAICD
                                                                                     Tower Two, Collins Square
                        Mr John Selak                                                727 Collins Street
                        Dip Acc, FCA, FAICD                                          Docklands VIC 3008

                        Ms Michelle Somerville
                                                                                     Securities exchange listing
                        B.Bus (Accounting), Master Applied Finance, FCA, FAICD
                                                                                     Insignia Financial Ltd shares are listed
                        Company Secretary                                            on the Australian Securities Exchange
                                                                                     (ASX: IFL)
                        Ms Adrianna Bisogni
                        B.A LL.B (Hons) GAICD
                                                                                     Website address
                        Notice of Annual General Meeting                             www.insigniafinancial.com.au

                        This year’s Annual General Meeting will be conducted on
                        Thursday, 21 November 2024 at 9:30am (AEDT) in ‘The
                        Residence’ room at the Grand Hyatt, 123 Collins Street
                        Melbourne, Victoria 3000.

                        Further information and guidance on how shareholders
                        may participate in this year’s AGM will be available with
                        the Notice of Meeting and on Insignia Financial’s website:
                        www.insigniafinancial.com.au/annual-general-meeting

                        A formal notice of meeting is available on our website and
                        information on how to access this has been sent to those
                        shareholders who have not elected to receive the notice of
                        meeting electronically.
                                For personal use only



www.insigniafinancial.com.au




       CRA-10681 (55022) 0924
